"Sr Imagery / Geospatial Analyst Hybrid - St Louis, MO | St. Louis, MO | BAE SystemsYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.BAE SystemsSr Imagery / Geospatial Analyst Hybrid - St Louis, MOSt. Louis, MOBAE SystemsSr Imagery / Geospatial Analyst Hybrid - St Louis, MOSt. Louis, MODate posted:Jul 17, 2020Job DescriptionBAE Systems is looking for talented Senior Imagery / Geospatial Hybrid Analysts excited to provide vital analysis in support of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency mission. The candidates shall provide imagery analysis services as described below.Perform imagery and geospatial research and analysis support by researching current and historical softcopy imagery, which may include researching appropriate databases for amplifying information and producing standard imagery analysis products. Obtain softcopy, and commercial imagery-related products in response to customer needs. Utilizes available imagery, multi-INT, and other source customer data stores to exploit, identify, monitor, and analyze existing and emerging trends, dynamic events, and solve intelligence problems. Utilizes the full suite of imagery analysis tools and utilized geospatial information systems as necessary. The ideal candidate will possess an understanding of underground facilities and geospatial techniques, producing finished imagery-derived intelligence products, reports and assessments. This effort will require regular collaboration with imagery and geospatial analysts.Required Education, Experience, & SkillsPosition is day-shift, work week-only. Required education and experience:Must have 11+ years of imagery and geospatial analysis and production experience in the Intelligence Community with more than 2 years at the national level.Graduated from a certified imagery school house (military or IC community).Must be able to obtain GEOINT Professional Certification levels I and II for Geospatial Analyst. Obtaining Imagery analyst tradecraft GPC certification a plus..Strong experience in imagery and geospatial exploitation, analysis and production support required (Hybrid GA/IA analyst).Must have targeting support experience, to include stereo interpretation, and precision point mensuration (point dropping) experience in 2D and in stereo. Certifications in precision point mensuration, BDA, and related targeting support a plus.Experience using, creating, updating, and maintaining geodatabases, and creating geospatial productsKnowledge of the intelligence collection process.Strong multi-modal imagery exploitation experience and expertise.Strong experienced in using REMOTE VIEW, SocetGXP, ESRI ArcGIS, CGS, IEC, NES, Cedalion, RainStorm, DIEE, ConCoord, and other ELT software suites required, to include common office software to include PowerPoint presentations, spreadsheets, word processing.Demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills.Ability to work in a very dynamic and demanding work environment.Must be a self starter, able to operate with little guidance.Preferred Education, Experience, & SkillsPrefer candidates with > 7 years of experience in targeting, precision point mensuration (PPM) stereo feature collection/extraction. Certified PPM a plus.Experience with Structured Observation Management and Activity Based Intelligence processes and tools a plus.A 4-year degree in a relevant major a plus (e.g. GIS, Intelligence studies, Geography, and Math/Science based majors)About BAE Systems Intelligence & SecurityBAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it's what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts - defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team-making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you'll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference.Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do-from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We're laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues.Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
