"Official Marketing JM 2020 Thread « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (826,254)Econometrics Discussion (51,747)Research / Journals (182,900)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,772)From the blogs (45,135)Conferences (22,132)Questions from prospective grad students (116,659)Econ Lounge (164,527)Latest Research Discussion (24,003)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (37,097)Software and Programming for Research (13,896)Macroeconomics (18,838)Microeconomics (9,135)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (319,558)General Economics Job Market Discussion (635,229)Micro Job Rumors (13,412)Macro Job Rumors (8,476)European Job Market (82,218)China Job Market (56,899)Industry Rumors (22,318)Off TopicOff Topic (2,142,029)Sport (81,673)Technology (51,637)Trash (47,408)Job MarketJob Market WikiUniversity of Alabama Culverhouse College of BusinessPennsylvania State University (Penn State)Bocconi UniversityUniversity of AmsterdamJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesInternational Economic ReviewJournal of Comparative EconomicsJournal of Comparative EconomicsEconomic ModellingJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..1 year - 3418 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 2357 Goods vs 1388 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Economics » Economics DiscussionOfficial Marketing JM 2020 ThreadEconomist885cThere will be jobs. Less jobs. But there will be jobs. The average candidate received about 2 offers over the last 3 years. Expect it to be about half. One benefit, departments might be a little less picky than years previous because the lines are more tenuous, and if the dean has approved a rookie hire they would be foolish to drag their feet because that money will disappear.I know this sucks. But, it will not be as bad as you’re imagining it right now.I don't know if that benefit can materialize. If there are less departments opening up positions, those departments will believe they can get anyone (given that it will be the buyer's market). Therefore, competition may become steeper, even for jobs that some may not have considered in prior years.9 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistfe8fAgree completely that departments will become MORE, not less, picky. That's the way it works with scarce demand and too much supply.9 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7f5bIs it just me or is marketingphdjobs.org down?9 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist9fd8Agree completely that departments will become MORE, not less, picky. That's the way it works with scarce demand and too much supply.That is nothing new. Every year the market is pickier and there are more and better people who cannot be placed. This will go on, as marketing is no longer the field with supply demand imbalance. And schools are not greatly expanding. People are not retiring...Every other discipline created outside options, we are their outside option. Economists, statisticians, psychologists... Marketing has nearly zero outside options in academia and very little in industry.So two things will happen. Competition will intensify. Lower ranked schools will hire much better people, and will become much better schools in the long term. We will see departments seeking more industry options for placements. AMA should focus on this.9 months ago # QUOTE 5 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistb9f8Agree completely that departments will become MORE, not less, picky. That's the way it works with scarce demand and too much supply.That is nothing new. Every year the market is pickier and there are more and better people who cannot be placed. This will go on, as marketing is no longer the field with supply demand imbalance. And schools are not greatly expanding. People are not retiring...Every other discipline created outside options, we are their outside option. Economists, statisticians, psychologists... Marketing has nearly zero outside options in academia and very little in industry.So two things will happen. Competition will intensify. Lower ranked schools will hire much better people, and will become much better schools in the long term. We will see departments seeking more industry options for placements. AMA should focus on this.Well said.9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf44fWhat is the placement of XC from Berkeley?9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist8932You are a broken record. This must be the 10th time you’ve asked this. Please just email them and ask.What is the placement of XC from Berkeley?9 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7f5bBump9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist2ae2What is the placement of XC from Berkeley?Not sure who Berkeley made a shady deal with this time around... MIT?9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist1e83Singapore.9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist3bc6What is the placement of XC from Berkeley?Not sure who Berkeley made a shady deal with this time around... MIT?What a creep. Coming here to talk $&@ about candidates.9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist1676Singapore.Which univ?9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist0690My advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.9 months ago # QUOTE 7 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf41fMy advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.We are in the same boat. Good luck to us we will need it9 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistec5dMy advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.Maybe don't chuckle at other people. No need to put others down.9 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist67dcHis advice was good ex-ante, but bad ex-post. No one expected the coronavirus.9 months ago # QUOTE 7 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist0690My advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.Maybe don't chuckle at other people. No need to put others down.I was wrong.9 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf41fMy advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.Maybe don't chuckle at other people. No need to put others down.I was wrong.What does your advisor think about the coming market?9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist0690What does your advisor think about the coming market?He thinks its going to be a bloodbath. I just hope he's as wrong as he was last year.9 months ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5326What does your advisor think about the coming market?He thinks its going to be a bloodbath. I just hope he's as wrong as he was last year.He says that explicitly? Here people are being very cautious saying it's still early to be sure.9 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !« Previous1…169170171Next »Reply »Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
