"Become a DoulaHOMEGUIDESREVIEWSABOUT USFAQQUIZ FUNMY ACCOUNTLog InChange PasswordAffiliate AreaCONTACT0 items$0.00Sale!Become a DoulaGet Paid to Work With Moms and BabiesAs a doula you can touch lives and witness the miracle of creation. It is one of the most rewarding careers in the world.About a Career as a DoulaFor centuries, doulas have served women from pregnancy through childbirth and the early stages of motherhood. During these times women need reassurance and information. They also need support, both physical and emotional – even spiritual. They need the type of insight and advice that only another woman can provide.A doula provides all this and more, with traits such as empathy, compassion, strength, understanding and empowerment.A birth doula is a non-medical labor assistant whose role is to comfort and support the mother and father during birth. A postpartum doula cares for the mother and infant after the birth.A doula reassures the mother that she can birth this baby naturally, like billions of mothers before her. Or for the mother that needs medical support, a doula is there to reassure her that her cesarean birth is just as precious as a vaginal birth. Doulas also help new mothers establish breastfeeding, a job that once belonged to grandmothers and community elders.Guide to Become a DoulaIf this sounds like the career of your dreams, the FabJob Guide to Become a Doula gives you what you need to know to get started and succeed in this rewarding career. The guide offers insights to assisting women in their journey through childbirth and motherhood.Award-winning author Rachel Gurevich interviewed close to sixty doulas, childbirth educators and mothers while researching this guide. The advice and wisdom it contains was compiled from hundreds of interview questions and answers from some of the most successful and compassionate doulas in the business.The guide covers topics of vital importance to anyone interested in a career as a doula in the United States or Canada, plus helpful advice for become a doula in any country.Click Here to See a Free Sample of Become a DoulaThe guide also includes many samples and checklists, including:Sample client information sheetSample birth planSample contractSample invoiceSample letter for third party reimbursementAnd more!The information in this guide can save you many hours of research, help you avoid some costly mistakes, and give you information you need to become a successful doula and open your own doula business.How to Get the GuideFabJob guides have sold for up to $39.95 U.S. for an e-book alone. SPECIAL OFFER: You can buy the e-book today, and have this valuable insider information for the incredible price of only $19.97.You can earn back much more than the price of the guide from the very first birth you are hired for. But of course this guide can help you get hired for many births.If you believe you deserve to have the career of your dreams, this guide is for you. It gives you everything you need to know to get hired as a doula.Don't miss the opportunity to have the career of your dreams. If you are undecided, take advantage of our guarantee. Buy the doula guide, read it, and if you are not satisfied, your money will be refunded.Ordering is fast, easy and safe. You will receive your e-book within minutes.Click the ADD TO CART button below to order your guide now.We are so confident this FabJob guide can help you achieve your dreams, we will give you a full refund if you tell us within 60 days that you are not happy with your purchase. Simply email fabcare@fabjob.com and we will refund your money, no questions asked.$39.95 $19.97Add to cartCategory: FabJob E-books - Dream Career Guide E-booksDescriptionAdditional informationDescriptionPeople Have Said…Teresa Howard, Certified Doula, Atlanta, Georgia:Rachel has done an incredible job with this book – I am totally amazed at all the information she has covered. She tells you the mistakes others have made and then offers positive reinforcement on how to counter those mistakes and improve your chances of being hired. It is most helpful in getting started as a doula as well as a good companion to those who are already doulas and are looking for ways to enhance their business.”Karen Lee, Salmon Arm, B.C.:I just wanted to say WOW!! The Doula guide is FABULOUS! I am extremely impressed with the information and how it is written. This time you DO get what you pay for. Congrats to the author.”Kim Howard, CLD, CCCE, Labor’s Little Helper:I received a recommendation for the FabJob Guide to Become a Doula. Boy, did I wish someone would have recommended this book when I was just beginning to research becoming a doula. This book answered every question I was looking for.”Jessica, St. Louis, MO:I just ordered your guide to becoming a doula. Before I bought this book, I spent hours on the internet researching this career. Your book has been the MOST helpful resource I have found! I feel so much better about moving forward on this career path. Please let the author know how helpful it has been, and will continue to be as I start my training as a doula.”Gina R. Ritter, Busy Parents Online Magazine:I bought the Doula eBook you wrote from FabJob.com. Totally skeptical about buying anything like this online and thinking it was never going to be worth the money. It was 100 times better than I had ever imagined. It is packed FULL of goodies and everything you could possibly want to know about Doula work. I am SO impressed.”Paula Meyer:I would like to say a big thank you to the author of the Doula guide! This book is really helpful to begin a career as a Doula. It gives a lot of information with many links to learn more about related topics. I wasn’t sure about this book when I decided to buy it, but I am so glad I did, it really is worth its price; even for a beginner Doula in Tahiti!”Tamara E. Holmes, Essence Magazine:Make more money. Look to your strengths to come up with ways to make extra money at FabJob.com.” (From the “Money & Investing Guide”)An award-winning e-book industry pioneer, FabJob guides and career advice have been featured in leading media and sites including: ABC, AOL, CBS, CNN, Entrepreneur, Essence, Fast Company, Metro, Microsoft’s MSN, Oprah’s newsletter, The Wall Street Journal, Woman’s Day, Woman’s World, Yahoo! and many more (even the movie Bewitched starring Nicole Kidman and Will Ferrell).Get This Guide Free When You Register for the Certificate CourseGet a Doula Business Owner Certificate and Earn MoreDiscover how you can get a Doula Business Owner Certificate from theInternational Association of Professions Career College (a division of FabJob)Additional informationGuide FormatE-book only, CD-ROM (includes e-book)Related productsSale!Become a Business Consultant$39.95 $19.97 Add to cartSale!Become a Cake Decorator$39.95 $19.97 Add to cartList of FabJob Guides Become an Antiques Shop Owner Become an Art Gallery Owner Become a Bakery Owner Become a Bar Owner Become a Bed and Breakfast Owner Become a Book Editor Become a Book Publisher Become a Bookstore Owner Become a Boutique Owner Become a Brewery Owner Become a Bridal Salon Owner Become a Business Consultant Become a Cake Decorator Become a Candy Store Owner Become a Cannabis Business Owner Become a Career Coach Become a Caterer Become a Celebrity Personal Assistant Become a Children’s Book Author Become a Chocolate Shop Owner Become a Cleaning Business Owner Become a Closet Organizer Become a Coffee House Owner Become a Craft Store Owner Become a Dance Studio Owner Become a Daycare Owner Become a Death Doula Become a Dog Daycare Owner Become a Dog Walker Become a Doula Become an Etiquette Consultant Become an Event Planner Become a Fashion Accessories Store Owner Become a Fashion Designer Become a Fitness Club Owner Become a Florist Become a Freelance Writer Become a Genealogist Become a Gift Basket Business Owner Become a Gift Shop Owner Become a Gourmet Food Store Owner Become a Hair Salon Owner Become a Handyman Business Owner Become a Home Décor Store Owner Become a Home Stager Become a Human Resources Professional Become an Ice Cream Shop Owner Become an Image Consultant Become an Interior Decorator Become an Interior Redesigner Become a Jewelry Designer Become a Kitchen Store Owner Become a Landscape Company Owner Become a Life Coach Become a Lifestyle Expert Become a Makeup Artist Become a Management Consultant Become a Massage Therapist Become a Matchmaker Become a Motivational Speaker Become a Nail Salon Owner Become a New Age Store Owner Become an Organic Farmer Become a Party Planner Become a Party Store Owner Become a Personal Chef Become a Personal Concierge Become a Personal Shopper Become a Personal Trainer Become a Pet Hotel Owner Become a Pet Sitter Become a Pet Spa Owner Become a Professional Organizer Become a Professional Photographer Become a Professional Psychic Become a Public Relations Consultant Become a Published Writer Become a Real Estate Agent Become a Relationship Coach Become a Restaurant Owner Become a Secondhand Store Owner Become a Social Entrepreneur Become a Social Media Consultant Become a Spa Owner Become a Stationery Store Owner Become a Super Salesperson Become a Tea Room Owner Become a Toy Store Owner Become a Travel Consultant Become a Virtual Assistant Become a Web Designer Become a Wedding Planner Become a Weight Loss Center Owner Become a Wellness Coach Become a Winery Owner Become a Wine Store Owner Become a Yoga Studio Owner Dream CareersReviews\"I just finished your e-book and found it to be informative, lively, and encouraging. I've been researching this field for a few months now, but I found new information and suggestions that were very helpful.\"— Vickie Trihy, Waitsfield, Vermont\"What a surprise! The guide was more than I ever hoped for with tons of information about everything you might need to start a new business. You sure get a lot for your money.\"— Carol Ruth Kennedy, Cave Creek, Arizona\"I just purchased your e-book and it is fantastic! There is so much information that I couldn’t find anywhere else searching the Web. This was definitely a great investment!!\"— Jenny Trevino, Campbell, California\"Let me congratulate you on the absolute best guides for ease-of-use and best supported sources! The writing style is at an appropriate level, very clear, and easy to understand. They are really effective guides and give you the guidelines for your dream career.\"— Nadia Al Nahdi, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia\"Thank you so much for all the outstanding information. I am in the process of changing careers and your guide has been very helpful in getting me started.\"— Maggie McNerney, Canton, Connecticut\"This is one of the best books I have ever read. It is complete, simple and helped me a lot for establishing and launching my company. I will recommend people come in your website if they are looking for a dream career.\"— Adela Yadallee, France\"I'm currently an English teacher in South Korea (returning to the States in a few months), so ordering a quick and simple ebook from FabJob.com prevented the hassles of having to order overseas. FabJob.com has given me the confidence to dive in, just like I've always wanted to, whereas before I felt shaky and without a mentor. I'll always go through this ebook for future questions especially during my first year. Thanks!\"— Shannon Chapman, Chicago, Illinois (residing in S. Korea)\"Thank you for the very hard work obviously put forth and the extensive research that must have been done to compile such an in-depth and relevant guide. I recommend fabjob for anyone who wants out of the rat race and to be out on their own.\"— Dylan Robinson, Kingston Springs, TN\"I purchased the e-book three years ago and I have since started my own company. The book has been my living guide especially in my first year of operation. In many ways, I could not have gone through the starting year without it. This year I am expanding my operation and I was panic stricken for a while to find out that I lost the e-book. I wrote to FabJob about it and in less than an hour I received another copy of it. Congratulations to FabJob! You have great books and your customer service is amazing.\"— Athanasia Nointin, Sabah, Malaysia\"This Fabjob Guide has taken my dream to a reality. After reading this guide I was truly inspired. I have jumped feet first into my new business. I am thrilled, and thankful that I have found Fabjob guides to initiate my journey to true success. Thank you so much!\"— Katie Martinis, Silver Spring, MD\"I just downloaded your manual (yesterday) and can’t tell you how helpful it’s been to me. I have had the most difficult time finding resources so stumbling upon your web-site was striking the lottery for me. I can apply just about every great tip to my own job search. Thank you so much for this valuable resource!\"— Jennifer Minniti, Portland, Oregon\"Before reading the guide I was curious about getting into the field, but after reading the guide I am CONFIDENT! This guide answered every question I had and provided information I would have never thought of. I am meeting with my business partner this week to lay the plans to our new business and I have FabJob to thank for gathering what I needed to know in one reference. THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!\"— Natasha Liburd, Loganville, Georgia“Make more money. Look to your strengths to come up with ways to make extra money at FabJob.com.”— Tamara E. Holmes, Essence MagazineAbout FabJobFabJob is the leading publisher of dream career guides with over a half-million satisfied customers on six continents since 1999. Focusing on popular careers that don't require a college degree, a FabJob guide can save you many hours of research, help you avoid some costly mistakes, and give you the competitive edge you need to get started and succeed in your dream career. Find the guide to your dream career.How to Get a $5 Discount CodeYour Privacy Is ProtectedWe protect your privacy. Privacy Policy© 1999 to 2021 FabJob Inc. All Rights Reserved.Processing..."
