"Job Application for Civil Engineer at Simpson Gumpertz & HegerApply NowCivil Engineerat Simpson Gumpertz & Heger (View all jobs)Waltham, Massachusetts, United StatesDo you want to work for one of the top engineering firms in the country?Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc. (SGH) is a national engineering firm that designs, investigates, and rehabilitates structures, building enclosures, and materials. Our award-winning work encompasses building, energy, civil/infrastructure, and science/defense projects in the United States, Canada, and more than thirty additional countries.We want someone passionate about civil engineering and problem solving.The ideal candidate will support the continued development of a wide array of site/civil engineering services within SGH. S/he will be expected to support our work in site layout, grading, roadway and utility design, hydrologic and hydraulic analysis, stormwater management, and erosion and sedimentation control; including the preparation of calculations, drawings, specifications, and written technical reports; and to engage in construction administration activities.What You'll Do:Perform a wide range of civil engineering analysis, design, and investigation involving industrial sites, building sites, bridges, roadways and multi-use paths.Work on projects that may include:Preparation of construction documents, specifications, written reports, and cost estimates for a wide range of civil engineering projects.Design or evaluation of site grading and layout, utilities, hydrology and hydraulics, and erosion and sedimentation control.Evaluate existing and prepare design of proposed stormwater drainage systems including design of Stormwater Best Management Practices (BMPs).Evaluate existing and prepare design of proposed utility systemsEvaluation of existing pavement and proposed repairsSupport SGH’s Building Technology group; prepare design for plaza drainage systems, sub-slab dewatering systems, and footing drainage systems.Support SGH’s new Building Design Group; prepare civil/site plans for new construction and site redevelopment.Support SGH’s Bridge Group; prepare site plans and roadway approach design for bridge repair and rehabilitation projects.Prepare site and utility layout for industrial and utility transmission sites.Perform site visits to evaluate and design repairs to existing site/civil infrastructure.Investigation of retaining wall, pavement, stormwater, and sewer problems.Leveraging Civil3D capabilities in support of various internal SGH groupsWhat You'll Need:Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering required.MS in Civil/Geotechnical Engineering preferred; educational support available for those who are interested in obtaining an MS in Civil/Geotechnical Engineering or currently enrolled in such a program.3+ years of engineering experience requiredEngineer in Training (EIT) certification requiredDemonstrated experience with Autodesk Civil 3d preferred.Experience with the set-up, organization, and production of plan sets, including plan and profile sheets utilizing Civil3D beneficial.Familiar with civil/site permitting requirements beneficial.Familiarity with computer analysis software (e.g., XPStorm or XPSWMM, Civil 3d, AutoCAD, AutoTurn, HydroCAD, etc.)Strong communication and writing skills.Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines.Ability to work in a team environment.Must have a valid driver’s license and an acceptable Motor Vehicle ReportWhy You'll Like Working at SGH:Our work: Our clients trust us with their most challenging projects and we leverage our collective expertise to deliver exceptional results. At SGH, you will develop innovative solutions for the built environment by working with industry thought leaders and accessing the latest in testing, research, and technology.Our people: We are people of high character and diverse talents who are committed to lifelong learning and professional growth. As part of our team, you will join peers who love solving difficult problems and strive to be outstanding in everything they do.Our commitment: We live with integrity and embrace an obligation to give back. Here, you can help advance our profession by contributing to industry organizations, committees, standards, and procedures. Within our communities, we strive to improve neighborhoods and mentor our future leaders.Our contribution: At SGH, you have access to a comprehensive and rich compensation and benefits package with company-paid and voluntary programs to help build healthy lifestyles, strong relationships, and future prosperity.SGH has 600 employees and offices in Boston; Chicago; Houston; New York City; San Francisco; Southern California; and Washington, DC.SGH is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we value diversity in our workforce. We are committed to providing equal opportunities to all job applicants and employees. We consider all qualified applicants and encourage individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to apply. If the application system is not accessible to you, or you need a reasonable accommodation to apply due to a disability, please email jobs@sgh.com.Apply for this Job* RequiredFirst Name *Last Name *Email *Phone *Location (City) *Resume/CV *Drop files hereAttach Dropbox Google Drive PasteCover LetterDrop files hereAttach Dropbox Google Drive PasteWhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review+ Add Another EducationLinkedIn ProfileWebsiteHow did you hear about this role? *Please selectBusiness Referral Career Fair Career Services Office Direct Sourcing Employee Referral Employment Agency Former Employee Job Posting Campus Recruiting Professor Referral SGH Careers Page Social Media Internal Applicant OtherDo you have a Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering? *-- Yes NoWhat is your current or most recent overall GPA? *Do you have an active Engineering In Training (EIT) certification? *-- Yes NoHow many years of relevant experience do you have? *Please select0-2 years 3-5 years 6-9 years 10+ yearsIf you're interested in more than one office location, please indicate your primary office preference. *Please selectBoston/Waltham New York Chicago Washington, DC OtherIf interested in any other office locations, indicate whether or not you would consider them as a secondary option (1 – Would consider if only option available, 2 – Somewhat Interested, 3 – Very Interested). N/A if not applicable. *What are your salary expectations? *Are you legally authorized to work in the United States for SGH? *-- Yes NoDo you now, or will you in the future, require company sponsorship for employment authorization to work legally in the United States for SGH? *-- Yes NoNotice to Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. *Please selectI hereby acknowledge that I have read & understand the above.U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)Individuals seeking employment at Simpson Gumpertz & Heger are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self IdentifyAre you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self IdentifyPlease identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self IdentifyRace & Ethnicity DefinitionsIf you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answerForm CC-305OMB Control Number 1250-0005Expires 05/31/2023Voluntary Self-Identification of DisabilityWhy are you being asked to complete this form?We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years.Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.How do you know if you have a disability?You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.Disabilities include, but are not limited to:AutismAutoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDSBlind or low visionCancerCardiovascular or heart diseaseCeliac diseaseCerebral palsyDeaf or hard of hearingDepression or anxietyDiabetesEpilepsyGastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndromeIntellectual disabilityMissing limbs or partially missing limbsNervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS)Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depressionDisability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.School *Degree * High School/GED Associate's Degree Bachelor's Degree Bachelor's Degree in Progress Master's Degree Master's Degree in Progress Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Juris Doctor (J.D.) Juris Doctor (J.D.) in Progress Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Progress OtherPowered byRead our Privacy Policy"
