"Skechers Retail Sales Associate | SmartRecruitersRetail Sales Associate1025 Woodruff Rd Suite F102, Greenville, SC 29607, USAPart-timeEmployment Status: RegularCompany DescriptionNOW TRENDING: Careers at SKECHERS.Join the thousands of innovators, advocates and forces who are making an impact every day at one of the biggest footwear brands in the world. Whether you love to connect with consumers on the retail floor or want to drive our award-winning powerhouse in new directions, the SKECHERS team is the place to be. Learn more about our brand at about.skechers.comJob DescriptionDOWN TO BUSINESS:Our Product Specialists (Sales Associate) are responsible for ensuring our customer loves our stores and footwear as much as we do. They each help deliver an incredible customer experience and showcase the Skechers Brand in all they do.QualificationsTHE FUNDAMENTALS:SALESEngages our customer the first time and every time... Greets, meets and gets to know our customers as much or as little as warranted and makes sure they have a great experience whether they stop in for 2 minutes or 2 hours. Sells our incredible products and their features and benefits by recommending footwear and accessories that meet and exceed our customers' wants and needs.PRODUCTTreats our shoes and accessories with love, making sure the floor is always full, priced correctly, displayed to company standards, with right signage and beautifully presented. Refuses to accept anything less than a clean, pretty store. Works urgently to process shipment or transfers within deadlines so our customers never miss that perfect pair. Proudly serves as a brand ambassador for Skechers, sharing their extensive product knowledge everyday.PEOPLELoves being part of the team and treats every co-worker with respect, positivity and camaraderie. Ensures the team's positive energy and enthusiasm is shared with every customer everyday.OPERATIONSRecovers, fills, stocks, cleans and shifts - never stops moving and ensuring our floor inventory and store look top-notch. Follows policy & procure as well as best practices without exception to ensure a healthy, stable and profitable store. When working the cash wrap, always delivers accuracy and integrity when conducting any customer transaction.Additional InformationWHAT YOU BRING TO THE TABLE:Something about retail speaks to you! Like the host of a great party, you love welcoming customers everyday and going above & beyond to ensure they leave happy. You find standing around terribly boring, so you use your hustle to knock-out your task list ahead of time, every time to make sure your store and sales floor is full, ready to shop and looks award-winning! As you work alongside your team and customers, you bring so much positive energy and fun but also never lose focus and always ensure your work is accurate and dependable. Your previous retail/customer service experience has taught you a lot, but you always want to learn more and welcome your leaders’ positive feedback and coaching.All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Job LocationSorry, this job has expiredPrivacy PolicySorry, this job has expiredPosted byJessica Chamorroshare this jobPowered by(Data Processor)Privacy Policy and Terms of UseShare to WeChat×Copy the link and open WeChat to share.Copy to clipboardOpen WeChatShare to WeChat×Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.1025 Woodruff Rd Suite F102, Greenville, SC 29607, USAPart-time"
