"Arbejde Student Worker, Business Administration Support Syddanmark LEGO SYSTEM A/S - jobtilbud | wypr.dkJobtilbudRegionerArbejdsgivereStillingsbetegnelserForside / Syddanmark / Student Worker, Business Administration Support LEGO SYSTEM A/SArbejde Student Worker, Business Administration Support Syddanmark LEGO SYSTEM A/S - jobtilbudGÆLDERstillingsbetegnelse: Student Worker, Business Administration Supportjobbeskrivelse:This is without a doubt one of the most challenging and rewarding student worker positions out there! Get in on the ground floor in a position that supports two vice presidents collaborating to find sustainable alternatives to current LEGO® materials. Help us leave a positive impact on our planet. Drive all administration points throughout the year You will join the Sustainable Materials Center (SMC) that works to set new standards for sustainable construction toys and packaging. This is being executed through a shared VP mandate across our technical and reputational mission. We are joined as a leadership team. And as the administrative link between the two VPs, you will help solve organisational effectiveness issues. Focusing on follow-up, prioritisation and momentum in relation to our strategic objectives, your tasks include: - Ensuring progress on the strategic priorities of the SMC, liaising with senior stakeholders on trade-offs and proactive mitigation of issues critical to our future ambitions - Planning, scheduling and supporting SMC Leadership Team meetings, Steering Group meetings and general sparring sessions - Facilitating discussions and creating clear and engaging presentations and documents that summarise conversations and agreements and supporting the development of business cases - Taking the lead on the agendas for Leadership Team meetings, facilitate agenda points, taking minutes and ensuring relevant stakeholder involvement Collaborating to find alternatives Because we are a family-owned company, we think long-term. As such, we are dedicated to researching and developing new materials, so we can deliver high quality creative play experiences in the future while caring for the environment and future generations. As a group, we are open and curious, and our supportive team culture will encourage you to share ideas, try new things and make a real impact on the way we perform. Collaborative and with personal impact In order to add value in this role, you are able to collaborate broadly, and this requires strong stakeholder management skills and empathy. To facilitate this, you have personal impact based on an honest and trustworthy mind-set. And with your analytical and structured approach, you are able to put together a good and logical argument with a good flow. Your qualifications: - You are enrolled in a master´s programme in business management, strategy or similar, and an interest in the sustainability agenda is a plus - You preferably have experience preparing meeting agendas and doing pre-reads - With your proactive and confident nature, you are the one driving us and making sure we hit our marks - not the other way around - You communicate effortlessly in English, both in speech and writing Bringing it to life \"Imagine being able to say that you were part of the beginning of the sustainability journey in the LEGO Group. This is a great chance to play a part in fundamentally changing the LEGO Group from an oil-based to a bio-based company in 2030,\" says Tim Brooks, VP, Environmental Responsibility and SMC. Join the global LEGO® Family In the LEGO Group, we succeed together, and you will be part of a global family, where you can use your creativity and enjoy a fun working environment. We look forward to receiving your motivated application. Please remember to attach your application and a current CV in English. If you would like to know more about the position, please call Tim Brooks on +45 79 50 63 24. We do not have application deadlines on any of our positions. We take candidates into the recruitment process continuously and close the position down, once we have found the right candidate.Arbejdsgiver Navn: LEGO SYSTEM A/SArbejdsgiver telefonnummer: 79506070land: Danmarkregion: SyddanmarkKontrakt varighed: FastKontrakttype: Fuldtidkrævede uddannelse: Ikke angivetKilde til jobtilbud: AMS, Offentlige arbejdsformidlinger, DanmarkGÆLDERSimiliar jobtilbud2 Business Relationship Senior Managers for Corporate IT Marketing -SystemanalytikerarbejdeJoin us to be at the frontier of defining future IT initiatives and work globally in a role that will take you travelling up to 60 days a year. We are looking for 2 new colleagues, 1 for Billund, Denmark, and 1 for Enfield, USA. Align Business and ITLEGO SYSTEM A/S - 2016-02-11 - Syddanmark2 medarbejdere til hønseri -2 medarbejdere til hønseri (2 x 8 timer hver anden weekend pr. person) + ferieafløsning. Arbejdet består af pasning af høns samt indsamling af æg (der er 30.000 stk. høns) - Oplæring gives - Tiltrædelse – Snarest. - Skal ikke være overfølsomJobcenter Middelfart - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkAnlægsgartner -Væksthus- og anlægsgartnerarbejdeAnlægsgartner søges Vi har travlt Vi søger en dygtig og selvstændig anlægsgartner med erfaring til vores \"grønne\" team af gartnere. Vi søger en profil som: - Er faglært - Kan arbejde selvstændigtHANS FRISESDAHL - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkBusiness Controller, Strategic Finance -Revisions- og regnskabscontrollerarbejdeWould you like to play a vital part in supporting transformational change in the LEGO Group? Are you energised by working in a fast-moving and rapidly expanding global business where you collaborate with senior stakeholders?Support LEGO TransformationalLEGO SYSTEM A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkButikselev -Til Solo Odense SOM ELEV HOS OS TILBYDER VI DIG: - En arbejdsdag, hvor vores kunder forventer at få en oplevelse der er ud over det sædvanlige. - Et uddannelsesforløb der sikrer dig viden og færdigheder indenfor butiksdrift. - Dine egne ansvarsområder i butikken, der matcherSOLO ODENSE BY ApS - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkConstruction Manager -Ingeniørarbejde vedrørende bygninger og anlægAs a consequence of our efforts to standardise and industrialise the offshore wind business, Siemens Wind Power Offshore is implementing Offshore Construction Standards in our projects globally. The Offshore Construction Standards include our best practicesSiemens Wind Power A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkDesign and Fabrication Planner -Ingeniørarbejde i industri og produktionJob ID: 209441 Location: Vejle Organization: Siemens in Denmark – Siemens Wind Power – http://www.siemens.com/windpower Mode of employment: full time For our Offshore Engineering team, we are looking for a strong Design & Fabrication Planner,Siemens Wind Power A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkDesign and Fabrication Planner -Ingeniørarbejde i industri og produktionJob ID: 209441 Location: Vejle Organization: Siemens in Denmark – Siemens Wind Power – http://www.siemens.com/windpower Mode of employment: full time For our Offshore Engineering team, we are looking for a strong Design & Fabrication Planner,Siemens Wind Power A/S - 2016-04-19 - SyddanmarkEngineering Team -We are a global engineering team within development of hydraulic and electrohydraulic products. Steerings and Motor are our business area. We can offer you: •Develop your skills as being part of our global team •Introduction and training in our engineering tools •Working with our experienced developmentDANFOSS A/S - 2016-09-10 - SyddanmarkEnvironmental Manager -Ledelse inden for virksomhedsstrategi/policy områdetFor our global Offshore EHS department, we are looking for an Environmental Manager to support and assist in all environmental management processes. This entails an operational approach to our global projectsSiemens Wind Power A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkFront-End Developer -Softwareudvikling\\'deets on the job? The team you will be working on comes complete with lots of coffee and cake and is equipped with a dedicated Scrum Master and Product Owner. On a day to day basis, you get to work on significantly improving the usability and responsiveORDBOGEN A/S - 2016-09-10 - SyddanmarkFrontend Developer -SoftwareudviklingAre you motivated by optimising the user experience in Denmark’s largest webshops? Are you ambitious and want to develop personally and professionally? Can you challenge us and the demands of our customers? Are you in control of your tool box? WhatHESEHUS A/S - 2016-08-10 - SyddanmarkGlobal Category Sourcing Manager within Hardware and Telecom -Salgsarbejde (ekskl. detailsalg)Are you ready to help shape the future of procurement in the LEGO Group? Is collaboration the way of achieving the best results for you? And would you like to be part of a renowned company experiencing huge momentum and Growth? Provide strong categoryLEGO SYSTEM A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkGlobal Service Center – Development Lead -Arbejde inden for samfundsøkonomiDo you excel in development and definition of Service Center processes? And are you a natural-born networker who knows how to support, influence and create results in a global matrix organisation? Then you might be the Global Service Center DevelopmentDANFOSS A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkHR Manager, Attract & Select -Ledelse inden for HR-funktionerDo you master HR all the way from the high strategic level to basic, practical recruitment work? And are you able to market and represent Danfoss, both towards future employees at all levels and business partners in all categories? Then you might be theDANFOSS A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkIndkøber - planlægger BLUE WAVE -For at tilpasse os den øgede globalisering og efterspørgslen på kvalitetsprodukter indenfor rignings produkter til marinen og den øvrige industri, søger vi en indkøber - planlægger, med hovedvægt på indkøb og med henblik på at forbedreBLUE WAVE A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkKøkkenmedhjælper -Medarbejder til vaskeri, rengøring og køkken på Svanehøj Plejecenter. Vi er et godt Plejecenter der arbejder efter værdierne KNUT, kvalitet, Nærvær, Udvikling og Trivsel. Svanehøj Plejecenter, søger en medarbejder til en fast stilling påSvanehøj Plejecenter - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkLærer -Undervisning på grundskoleniveau (inkl. 10. klasse)Lærer til Tåsingeskolen afdeling Lundby Tåsingeskolen – skolen for alle Lærerstilling afdeling Lundby På Tåsingeskolen, afdeling Lundby opslås hermed en fastTåsingeskolen, Lundby - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkLandbrugsmedhjælper/Farmworker -Manuelt arbejde inden for både agerbrug og husdyravlAgropower - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkMarketing Project Assistant (DTP) -Do you want to unfold your coordinating skills within a highly dynamic and fast-paced organisation? And do you thrive in a position where you are placed in the eye of the re-branding process of our corporate visual identity (CVI)? Then you might be the person we are looking for as Marketing Project AssistantDANFOSS A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkMedarbejder til fritidsarbejde -Medarbejder til fritidsarbejde til vores mekaniske montageafdeling til små anlæg med start 4. august. Vi er en virksomhed i rivende udvikling, og derfor har vi brug for yderligere en medarbejder til vores mekaniske montageafdeling for små anlæg. Vi tilbyder: Du bliver en del afVETAPHONE A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkMontagemedarbejdere til projektansættelse -Operatør- og opstillingsarbejde af metalforarbejdningsmaskinerMontagemedarbejdere til projektansættelse - stålindustrien Sønderborg Til en af vores kunder indenfor metalindustrien, søger vi snarest 16 montagemedarbejdere, til længerevarendeBack Up Vikar - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkPersonlig Hjælper -Social- og sundhedsarbejde i private hjem (inkl. plejehjem)Jeg søger en ferieafløser for en af mine personlige hjælpere fra den 14. juli – 04.august 2014. - Stillingen er på ca. 37 timer og aflønnes af Middelfart Kommune somJørgen Havndrup - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkProcurement Expert -Salgsarbejde (ekskl. detailsalg)Do you want to help find and lead optimal spending solutions for 1 billion Euros? And are you able to secure buy-in from stakeholders in Change Processes? Then Danfoss has an outstanding career opportunity to offer you. We are now expanding our team andDANFOSS A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkSCADA Project Engineer(Network) -Ingeniørarbejde i industri og produktionFor our Offshore Engineering department, we are looking for an experienced and committed SCADA Project Engineer. As a SCADA Project Engineer you will be a central part of offshore SCADA projects, and you will contribute to the offshore development inSiemens Wind Power A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkSommerferieafløsere til centrallager -Sommerferieafløsere til vores centrallager i Kolding Er du klar til et udfordrende og udviklende job i Danmarks hurtigst voksende dagligvarekæde? Så læs videre her: Vi søger arbejdsomme lagermedarbejdere til vores centrallager i Kolding med tiltrædelse hurtigst muligt.Lidl Danmark - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkSpeditør disponent -SpeditørarbejdeSpeditør disponent søges til virksomhed I Kolding Virksomheden søger en gerne ny uddannet Speditør/Disponent som er servicemindet, præsentabel og omstillingsparat, og trives med en hverdag fuld af nye udfordringer. HverdagensKommune Kolding - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkTraining Developer -For our Site Training team within the Project Site Execution department, we are looking for a Training Developer who will be responsible for keeping Siemens Wind Power top of class in training and education. As a Training Developer, you will be part of a team who develop the training courses for thousandsSiemens Wind Power A/S - 2016-02-11 - SyddanmarkWeb Developer, Odense, Denmark -Web- og multimedieudviklingData Partner ApS, Odense, Denmark, is hiring a talented Web Developer. As a part of our expansion, we are searching a skilled and talented Web developer. We are a flexible and dynamic entrepreneur company, which means you will have an influence on theDATA PARTNER ApS - 2016-02-14 - SyddanmarkWind turbine Technical Project Manager for large offshore wind projects - located in Denmark -Would you like to be responsible for managing all technical aspects related to the wind turbines on one of our large offshore wind farms? Join DONG Energy and become Technical Project Manager in the Wind Turbines - Engineering Management department. We are responsible for managing the technical deliveryDONG ENERGY A/S - 2016-02-11 - Syddanmark48784 jobtilbudSøgning efter jobHvad?HvorVælg regionunspecified (30017)Hovedstaden (7720)Syddanmark (4895)Midtjylland (4739)Nordjylland (803)DANMARK (608)ArbejdsgiverNovo Nordisk A/S (2634)Siemens A/S (1968)Danmarks Tekniske Universitet (1894)LEGO SYSTEM A/S (1237)DANFOSS A/S (1082)GRUNDFOS HOLDING A/S (937)Vestas Wind System A/S (652)Vestas Wind Systems A/S (604)Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy A/S (574)Siemens Wind Power A/S (559)NOVOZYMES A/S (326)NORDEA BANK DANMARK A/S (323)OTICON A/S (291)Worksome ApS (283)DONG ENERGY A/S (282)A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S (Maersk Drilling) (273)MÆRSK OLIE OG GAS A/S (254)LEO PHARMA A/S (254)MICROSOFT DANMARK APS (234)DONG Energy Sales & Distribution A/S Gentofte (233)FLSMIDTH & CO. A/S (223)Ørsted Vind A/S (222)Lidl Danmark (218)SCANPEOPLE ApS (216)Ørsted A/S (215)RELATIONMEDIA A/S (211)ARLA FOODS AMBA (199)MAERSK LINE A/S (194)NORDEA FINANS DANMARK A/S (187)Stillingsbetegnelseunspecified (4922)Rengøringsassistent (126)Butiksassistent (115)Kok (96)Souschef (76)Butiksmedhjælper - ungarbejder (76)Tjener (73)Project Manager (72)1. assistent (53)Senior Project Manager (50)Scanpeople is looking for Industrial Field Service Engineers on behalf of Alfa Laval Nordic (49)Business Analyst (48)Business Controller (46)Frisør (42)Software Developer (40)Tømrer (37)Rengøringsassistent søges (36)Social- og sundhedsassistent (35)Chauffør (34)Merchandiser hos RelationMedia – Ferieafløser til Würth (34)Køkkenmedhjælper (33)Handicaphjælper (32)Software Engineer (31)Butikschef (30)Pædagog (29)QA Professional (28)Servicemedarbejder (27)Technical Project Manager (26)Product Manager (26)Chauffør søges (26)© wypr.dk | Design by TEMPLATED."
