"Associate director of development | international ngo jobs in United StatesASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENTCARE USA , United StatesJob SummarySkill Required: Project/ Programme ManagementPreferred Experience: 3 - 5 YearClosing Date for Applications: 10th October, 2020URL for CV Submission: CARE is an international NGO with local staff and community partners in more than 90 countries. We create local solutions to poverty and inequality and we seek dignity for everyone every day and during times of crisis. These solutions have a broad range, from clean water to access to education; from microfinance to ensuring that everyone has nutritious food; from agriculture and climate change to disaster response. CARE puts women and girls at the center of everything we do because they have proven to be the best hope for creating lasting change in the world. Our staff live where they work, which makes us effective at understanding the challenges they face. We’ve been doing this for over 70 years, since World War II. It started with the world’s first CARE Package® of food for the post-war hungry in Europe. Our work today is as important as ever, we believe that poverty and inequality are historic injustices that we can end within a generation, for good. If you share our core beliefs: poverty is an injustice; poverty is solvable; and together, we have the power to end it, join us, and fight with CARE. The Associate Director of Development is a passionate and enthusiastic frontline fundraiser responsible for managing and growing a portfolio of roughly 150 individual donors with gift potential of $10,000 and above, and raising approximately $1 million annually. Reporting to the Executive Director for the Western Region, the Associate Director collaborates with colleagues across the organization to increase CARE’s visibility on the West Coast and exceed annual fundraising goals. This position requires an estimated 30% travel, post-COVID-19, to meet with donors, including a yearly visit to CARE HQ in Atlanta. Some international travel may be required. The candidate must be based in the San Francisco/Silicon Valley. Please note that due to COVID-19, CARE employees are currently working from home. Responsibilities: Manage and build a personal portfolio of roughly 150 individual donors with gift potential of $10,000 and above, and raise approximately $1 million annually. Develop and implement a comprehensive cultivation and stewardship plan, building relationships with major donors via phone calls, personalized email communications, ongoing written contact, and events. Develop strategic engagement and solicitation strategies to increase donor retention and upgrade donors’ giving. Ensure that all major donors receive appropriate, consistent engagement/acknowledgment and an accounting of the impact that their gift has on community needs annually. Support the new San Francisco Bay Area Committee for CARE, including organizing committee meetings, program briefings, and cultivation events. Work closely with the Executive Director and regional fundraising staff to plan and execute other events as needed. Establish and maintain strategic relationships with colleagues across CARE. Engage Program staff in donor outreach. Collaborate as needed with the Finance team and Grants Administration team on restricted gifts, planned gifts, and special appeals. Ensure donor and prospect data is properly recorded in the database and that all donor information is maintained with respect to confidentiality. Perform other duties as assigned Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum of 2-3 years professional experience in nonprofit fundraising or external relations, with demonstrable success soliciting gifts of $10,000 and above Familiarity with all aspects of fundraising concepts, including Planned Giving, Major Gifts and stewardship functions Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Flexible and comfortable in a fast-paced, remote environment, with excellent follow-through Entrepreneurial spirit, with the enthusiasm and energy to implement new strategies and meet ambitious goal Passion and commitment to CARE’s mission and values Flexibility to travel (post-COVID-19) approximately 30% of the time to visit donors, program sites, and other stakeholders as neededJob DescriptionCARE is an international NGO with local staff and community partners in more than 90 countries. We create local solutions to poverty and inequality and we seek dignity for everyone every day and during times of crisis. These solutions have a broad range, from clean water to access to education; from microfinance to ensuring that everyone has nutritious food; from agriculture and climate change to disaster response. CARE puts women and girls at the center of everything we do because they have proven to be the best hope for creating lasting change in the world. Our staff live where they work, which makes us effective at understanding the challenges they face. We’ve been doing this for over 70 years, since World War II. It started with the world’s first CARE Package® of food for the post-war hungry in Europe. Our work today is as important as ever, we believe that poverty and inequality are historic injustices that we can end within a generation, for good. If you share our core beliefs: poverty is an injustice; poverty is solvable; and together, we have the power to end it, join us, and fight with CARE.The Associate Director of Development is a passionate and enthusiastic frontline fundraiser responsible for managing and growing a portfolio of roughly 150 individual donors with gift potential of $10,000 and above, and raising approximately $1 million annually. Reporting to the Executive Director for the Western Region, the Associate Director collaborates with colleagues across the organization to increase CARE’s visibility on the West Coast and exceed annual fundraising goals. This position requires an estimated 30% travel, post-COVID-19, to meet with donors, including a yearly visit to CARE HQ in Atlanta. Some international travel may be required. The candidate must be based in the San Francisco/Silicon Valley. Please note that due to COVID-19, CARE employees are currently working from home.Responsibilities:Manage and build a personal portfolio of roughly 150 individual donors with gift potential of $10,000 and above, and raise approximately $1 million annually.Develop and implement a comprehensive cultivation and stewardship plan, building relationships with major donors via phone calls, personalized email communications, ongoing written contact, and events.Develop strategic engagement and solicitation strategies to increase donor retention and upgrade donors’ giving.Ensure that all major donors receive appropriate, consistent engagement/acknowledgment and an accounting of the impact that their gift has on community needs annually.Support the new San Francisco Bay Area Committee for CARE, including organizing committee meetings, program briefings, and cultivation events.Work closely with the Executive Director and regional fundraising staff to plan and execute other events as needed.Establish and maintain strategic relationships with colleagues across CARE. Engage Program staff in donor outreach.Collaborate as needed with the Finance team and Grants Administration team on restricted gifts, planned gifts, and special appeals.Ensure donor and prospect data is properly recorded in the database and that all donor information is maintained with respect to confidentiality.Perform other duties as assignedQualifications:Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent combination of education and work experienceMinimum of 2-3 years professional experience in nonprofit fundraising or external relations, with demonstrable success soliciting gifts of $10,000 and aboveFamiliarity with all aspects of fundraising concepts, including Planned Giving, Major Gifts and stewardship functionsOutstanding verbal and written communication skillsFlexible and comfortable in a fast-paced, remote environment, with excellent follow-throughEntrepreneurial spirit, with the enthusiasm and energy to implement new strategies and meet ambitious goalPassion and commitment to CARE’s mission and valuesFlexibility to travel (post-COVID-19) approximately 30% of the time to visit donors, program sites, and other stakeholders as neededSource:Jobs Pointngo jobs in united statesSubscribe for job updatesName:Email:SubmitPremium JobsSenior Program Manageraccess_time31st May, 2019TEACHER/FACILITATOR – SCHOOL TRANSFORMATION PROGRAMMEaccess_time31st August, 2019MANAGER – EMPLOYEE HRaccess_time31st July, 2019MANAGER – FUNDRAISINGaccess_time31st October, 2019FINANCE EXECUTIVEaccess_time31st July, 2019Jobspoint.org is leading development job portal providing information on jobs in NGOs, International Development Agencies, UN Agency and many other vacancies from Not-For-Profit organization.Jobs by LocationNgo jobs in IndiaNgo jobs in KenyaNgo jobs in NigeriaNgo jobs in UgandaNgo jobs in South SudanFOR ORGANIZATIONSPost JobAdd Funding OpportunitySearch ResumesSocial MediaLEGAL FRAMEWORKPrivacy PolicyDisclamerDesign & Developed by MicroSpin Technologiesmenumenu×Advertise with usDisplay your Banner: Advertise to the International ngos CommunitySubmit your Box Banner [ maximum 150 x 150 pixel ] to editor.jobspoint@gmail.com  1 month = Rs. 1,000   2 months = Rs. 18,00   12 months = Please email us at editor.jobspoint@gmail.comClose"
