"Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage Apac Singapore January 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore - Singapore Job Vacancies 2021HomeCompanyJob Searching TipsSing Job	Sing JobSingapore Job Vacancies 2020Home >> Amazon Web Services Singapore >> Singapore >> Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC SingaporeJob Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore January 2021 Amazon Web Services SingaporeInformation of Job VacancyTitle of Job : Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC SingaporeCompany Name : Amazon Web Services SingaporePlacement : SingaporeDate : 8 months ago ---> EXPIRED !Expired : YesJob Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore. Good Afternoon for the loyal visitors who are searching for job. Hopefully not despair give up to find a job that appropriate with dreams your needed. Indeed occasionally find a job that well suited is laborious in this year. On this occasion, the admin will give info Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore. Here information more detail about Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore.Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services SingaporeHere is requirements job description that you must meet to register Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore which opened earlier of this month:Eexperience with designing, configuring and managing on-premise SAN and NAS platforms such as EMC, NetApp or HDS with three of those years successfully designed, deployed and managed storage solutions from major on-premise storage vendors as well as major cloud providers.Hands on experience with either cloud/object storage, storage gateways or cloud backups with Azure/AWS/GCS as well as storage migration, migrating data from on-premise SANs and NAS to cloud storage.Experience with Tape and related infrastructure, inclusive of tape to cloud migration.Experience creating solution architectures and guides for storage GTMs that combine cloud technology with ISV/IHV products to create a complete end customer consumable solution.Experience presenting at CXO, executive level including formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations.Are you a Storage Specialist? Do you like to solve the most complex and large-scale storage challenges in the world today? Do you want to have an impact in the development and use of new storage technologies? Would you like a career that gives you opportunities to help customers and partners use Cloud computing web services to build new solutions, faster, and at lower cost? Do you like to gain the deepest customer and partner insights using Cloud computing technologies?Amazon aims to be the most customer centric company on earth. Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers critical applications for hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world.Roles & Responsibilities:Go To Market (GTM) technical feasibility analysis ¬ Collaborate with WWPS Tech BD and account teams to rationalize the technical feasibility of the GTM solutions being proposed. This involves evaluating the suitability/maturity of partner offerings, the suitability of AWS offerings to customer requirements and evaluating the technical attractiveness of the solution to address customer pain points. The SA will give the go-no go on the tech feasibility of storage GTMs.GTM solution architecture ¬ Create the blueprint and validate the solution architecture for all of the selected GTMs. This includes detailed Visio diagrams and best practice guidance on deployment. This will be the guide used by AWS/Partners/customers to deploy solutions. The SA will be the technical authority on the solution design.Partner and AWS field training – Provide deep technical training to partners and AWS field to educate them on the storage GTMs and get them ready for launch.New solution creation/GTM envisioning – Keep up to date on market trends, customer trends and technology trends. Propose new storage solutions for GTM consideration with data to backup up reasoning.Customer advocacy & assistance – Engage directly with the top customers and partners to assist with solution adoption. Relay feedback to the services team on experience and what improvements should be made.Thought Leadership – Drive thought leadership and adoption of storage GTMs via blogs, participation in industry events, webinars, EBCs.Establish tech cred with AWS, customer and partner technical community – Be viewed as the domain expert for the solution by AWS, partners and customers. Document, capture and share feedback with technical communityThis role is based in Singapore. Upto 50% travel outside of Singapore / APAC to New Zealand and Japan, required.Demonstrated understanding of the storage landscape with the ability to articulate storage industry trends and players to leadership team and how they positively or negatively impact AWS storage interests.Hands on experience with EMC/NetApp/HDS NAS and SAN storage design and deploymentHands on experience with AWS/Azure/GCS object, block and file storage and demonstrated knowledge of AWS Storage Services such as S3, EFS, FSx for Windows, FSx for Lustre, SFTP Transfer for AWS, Snow* devices, AWS Backup and Storage Gateways as well as ISV/IHV storage solutions built for or on AWSHands on experience with tape libraries or VTLsHands on experience with backup and DR – Veeam/CV/Druva/DPMTechnical publication(s) on storage or closely related technologyAWS/Azure/GCS solution architect certificationDeep solutioning skills -Ability to work backwards from customer requirements to combine AWS storage assets if needed with partner assets to create a solution that will resonate with customers and solve their storage problems.Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges.Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this roleMeets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexityAmazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer, and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, or other legally protected statusOnly participants that meet to conditions above of that will be called upon to perform further tests. For that, if you are interested and meet the job candidates Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore above, please submit your application before closing date.Thus info Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore that we can inform. hopefully information job today help you all who are seeking employment. If the info above vacancy does not suitable with your interests, it never hurts to read info another job vacancies below. Finally, we say gratitude already visited this website, do not forget to share information this beneficial through twitter. Hope you will find a job and work hard!If You interested apply Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore Amazon Web Services Singapore, immediately prepare requirements / files and documents needed for apply Job Vacancy Principal Solution Architect Storage APAC Singapore 2021 Amazon Web Services Singapore above. Please click the \"Apply Now\" below.Submit Your ApplicationxAPOLOGIES....THE JOB IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE!The job description you are trying to view is no longer available.	Do not forget to like our fanpage to get the latest job informationBack	RELATED JOBSJob Vacancy Delivery Driver - Independent ContractorLaundryheap - Scout - Geylang | Opened at : 19 January 2021 - 1 hour ago	Make a minimum of $100.00 per slot (SGD) / $20.00 per hour (SGD). You speak a good level of English. Become a self-employed delivery driver- immediate start!*.Job Vacancy Data Engineer & Analytics Manager, Consumer Marketing & Digital ExperienceSATS - Changi | Opened at : 19 January 2021 - 4 hours ago	SATS – Feeding and Connecting Asia. We are a leading provider of Food Solutions and Gateway Services. Our vision is to feed and connect Asia, and it is our…Job Vacancy Trainee Aircraft Engine TechnicianSINGAPORE AERO ENGINE SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED - Pasir Ris | Opened at : 19 January 2021 - 11 hours ago	The programme involves a fully-sponsored training programme with an allowance of S$1,600 – S$1,800 per month over the one-year training period.Job Vacancy PACKERARMOR ASIA IMAGING SUPPLIES PTE LTD - Pasir Ris | Opened at : 19 January 2021 - 11 hours ago	Able to converse in English & Chinese. [CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE WORK PASSES NEED NOT APPLY]. Follow Company packing procedures and standards.Job Vacancy Call Center Agent (Part Time)C&W SERVICES OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. - Bedok | Opened at : 19 January 2021 - 11 hours ago	Fluent in English with the ability to speak one other language will be an advantage. Able to commit to at least 3 times of schedule per week.AdvertisementsSearch Updateableinfrasoft technologies pte ltdwork experience singaporeexpand recruitment ltdsales singaporerochester parktop consulting pte ltdchangibukit batokmanager singaporeCopyright 2015 @ Singapore Job Vacancies 2019 - US Job Vacancies About | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Term of Service - 0.883 s."
