"Quantitative Finance Analyst, AVP / VP (Bromley) Job in BromleyAdzunaWhat? e.g. job, company, titleWhere? e.g. city, county or postcodeadvanced search »Quantitative Finance Analyst, AVP / VP (Bromley)Location:BromleyCompany:Bank of AmericaDescriptionJob Title: Quantitative Finance AnalystLine of Business: Global Risk AnalyticsCorporate Title: Assistant Vice President or Vice PresidentLocation: Bromley, UKGlobal Risk Analytics (GRA) is a sub-line of business within Global Risk Management (GRM). GRA is responsible for developing a consistent and coherent set of models and analytical tools for effective Risk and Capital measurement, management and reporting across Bank of America. In addition to model development, GRA conducts model implementation, data management, model execution and analysis, forecast administration, and model performance monitoring. The team drives innovation, process improvement and automation across all of these activities.GRA partners with the Lines of Business and Enterprise functions to ensure that its models and analytics address both internal and regulatory requirements, such as quarterly Enterprise Stress Testing (EST), the annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), and the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) accounting standard. GRA models follow an iterative and ongoing development life cycle, as the bank responds to the changing nature of portfolios, economic conditions and emerging risks. In addition to model development, GRA conducts model implementation, data management, model execution and analysis, forecast administration, and model performance monitoring. GRA drives innovation, process improvement and automation across all of these activities.Overview of the Role:The Quantitative Financial Analyst interacts with a wide variety of stakeholders including risk managers, model developers, operations, technology, finance, and capital. The Analyst will identify, lead, and organize strategic change efforts across the team including new model deployment and analytical capability development. As a Quantitative Finance Analyst within Global Risk Analytics, your main responsibilities will involve:Applying quantitative methods to develop capabilities that meet line of business, risk management and regulatory requirements.Maintaining and continuously enhancing capabilities over time to respond to the changing nature of portfolios, economic conditions and emerging risks.Understanding and executing activities that form the end-to-end model development and use life cycle.Identifying requirements from the teams which improve the group’s ability to generate insights and understanding of portfolio risk, model accuracy, and forecast reason-ability.Clearly documenting and effectively communicating quantitative methods as part of ongoing engagement with key stakeholders, including the lines of business, risk managers, model validation, technology.Required Skills, and Experience:Graduate degree in quantitative discipline (e.g. Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, Finance, Physics).Experience in model development, statistical work, data analytics or quantitative research, or PhD.Programming skills (e.g. R, Python, SAS, SQL, or other languages).Proven analytical and problem-solving skills.Excellent communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate quantitative topics to technical and non-technical audiences.Effectively presents findings, data, and conclusions to influence senior leaders.Ability to work in a large, complex organization, and influence various stakeholders and partners.Team player able to seamlessly transition between contributing individually and collaborating on team projects.Desired Skills and Experience:Experience with complex data architecture, including modeling and data science tools and libraries, data warehouses, and machine learning.Knowledge of predictive modeling, statistical sampling, optimization, machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques.Ability to extract, analyze, and merge data from disparate systems, and perform deep analysis.Experience designing, developing, and applying scalable Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence solutions.Experience with data analytics tools (e.g. Alteryx, Tableau).Experience with LaTeX.Sees the broader picture and is able to identify new methods for doing things.Broad understanding of financial markets and products.Bank of AmericaEvery day, across the globe, our employees bring a commitment to our purpose and to driving responsible growth by living our values: deliver together, act responsibly, realize the power of our people and trust the team. A key aspect of driving responsible growth is doing so in a sustainable manner, a critical pillar of which is being a great place to work for our teammates.In line with these values, in EMEA we have 9 Employee Networks, a wide range of Sports & Social clubs, and other development and networking opportunities so that you can enjoy a range of experiences and connect with colleagues across the bank. We also offer exclusive discounts to some of the most iconic cultural experiences for you to enjoy in your spare time outside of work. Learn more about our benefits here.Good conduct and sound judgement is crucial to our long term success. It’s important that all employees in the organisation understand the expected standards of conduct and how we manage conduct risk. Individual accountability and an ownership mind-set are the cornerstones of our Code of Conduct and are at the heart of managing risk well.We are an equal opportunities employer, and ensure that no applicant is subject to less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, gender identity, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, sexual orientation, socio-economic background, responsibilities for dependants, physical or mental disability. The Bank selects candidates for interview based on their skills, qualifications and experience.We strive to ensure that our recruitment processes are accessible for all candidates and encourage any candidates to tell us about any adjustment requirements. As part of our standard hiring process to manage risk, please note background screening checks will be conducted on all hires before commencing employment."
