"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.32 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchhospitality manager richmond vaRestaurant Hospitality ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant Manager Exciting venue in the local area has immediate openings for restaurant managers. Entry level supervisors up to experienced senior general managers Rapid growth and new company acquisitions have resulted in job creation. If you have experience in restaurant management from segments such as full service, bar brands, fast food QSR and fast casual then this could be an excellent opportunity. Openings range from entry level supervisor/assistant manager to general manager and above level. Employment packages come with excellent base salary, strong benefits, vacation, fully paid training, ongoing career development and career progression. If you enjoy the fast pace environment of restaurant operations, guest service and can contribute every shift to the success of the brand then please pursue this opening. Please send your resume by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Jan 15, 2021Full timeRestaurant Manager Exciting venue in the local area has immediate openings for restaurant managers. Entry level supervisors up to experienced senior general managers Rapid growth and new company acquisitions have resulted in job creation. If you have experience in restaurant management from segments such as full service, bar brands, fast food QSR and fast casual then this could be an excellent opportunity. Openings range from entry level supervisor/assistant manager to general manager and above level. Employment packages come with excellent base salary, strong benefits, vacation, fully paid training, ongoing career development and career progression. If you enjoy the fast pace environment of restaurant operations, guest service and can contribute every shift to the success of the brand then please pursue this opening. Please send your resume by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Assistant Manager - Hospitality - #321 - Days/EveningsSheetz Colonial Heights, VirginiaLocation: Sheetz Stores # 00321 - 2711 CONDUIT RD COLONIAL HEIGHTS, VA Starting Rate of Pay: $16.00 Full or Part Time: Full Time Shift Needed: Days/EveningsPRIMARY PURPOSE OF THIS POSITION: Profitably lead the day-to-day operations of the store in the absence of the Store Manager. Focus: Manage the customer experience to ensure that Hospitality/TCF standards are being met to include inventory, preparation, promotion, production, service and sales. Schedule Friday - Off Saturday - Off Sunday - 7am - 4:30pm Monday - 4pm - 1:30am Tuesday - 4pm - 1:30am Wednesday - 4pm - 1:30am Thursday - 4pm - 1:30am ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: (other duties may be assigned) Assist the Store Manager by providing input into the Recruitment, Selection, Training and Performance Management and Discipline/Termination of employees. Provide input into the scheduling of staff. Resolve customer complaints and concerns in a timely manner. Ensure compliance with applicable policies, procedures and programs. Respond to Customer Service Shops, QA Audits, Secret Shops and SMG survey responses. Ensure hospitality for all store guests by overseeing timely GUEST transactions, facilities/store cleanliness programs, implementation of Hospitality standards, and proper hosting. Ensure the completion of end of day tasks. Oversee the proper placement, pricing and stocking of merchandise in the store. Monitor profits through end of day procedures, shrink indicators, lottery, stock audits, vendors, car wash operations and retail waste. REQUIREMENTS: (Equivalent combinations of education, licenses, certifications and/or experience may be considered) Education High School Diploma or GED required. Two-year degree in a business related field preferred. Successful completion of certification testing as needed. Experience One year experience supervising others in a fast food, restaurant, retail or convenience operation preferred. Licenses/Certifications ServeSafe Any other legally required certification If you are a current employee, click here to apply Nearest Major Market: RichmondJan 13, 2021Full timeLocation: Sheetz Stores # 00321 - 2711 CONDUIT RD COLONIAL HEIGHTS, VA Starting Rate of Pay: $16.00 Full or Part Time: Full Time Shift Needed: Days/EveningsPRIMARY PURPOSE OF THIS POSITION: Profitably lead the day-to-day operations of the store in the absence of the Store Manager. Focus: Manage the customer experience to ensure that Hospitality/TCF standards are being met to include inventory, preparation, promotion, production, service and sales. Schedule Friday - Off Saturday - Off Sunday - 7am - 4:30pm Monday - 4pm - 1:30am Tuesday - 4pm - 1:30am Wednesday - 4pm - 1:30am Thursday - 4pm - 1:30am ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: (other duties may be assigned) Assist the Store Manager by providing input into the Recruitment, Selection, Training and Performance Management and Discipline/Termination of employees. Provide input into the scheduling of staff. Resolve customer complaints and concerns in a timely manner. Ensure compliance with applicable policies, procedures and programs. Respond to Customer Service Shops, QA Audits, Secret Shops and SMG survey responses. Ensure hospitality for all store guests by overseeing timely GUEST transactions, facilities/store cleanliness programs, implementation of Hospitality standards, and proper hosting. Ensure the completion of end of day tasks. Oversee the proper placement, pricing and stocking of merchandise in the store. Monitor profits through end of day procedures, shrink indicators, lottery, stock audits, vendors, car wash operations and retail waste. REQUIREMENTS: (Equivalent combinations of education, licenses, certifications and/or experience may be considered) Education High School Diploma or GED required. Two-year degree in a business related field preferred. Successful completion of certification testing as needed. Experience One year experience supervising others in a fast food, restaurant, retail or convenience operation preferred. Licenses/Certifications ServeSafe Any other legally required certification If you are a current employee, click here to apply Nearest Major Market: RichmondWendy's Assistant Manager - Richmond, VA - 9385 Atlee RdWen Virginia LLC Richmond, VirginiaAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 330 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 11,000 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Jan 13, 2021Full timeAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 330 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 11,000 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Wendy's Assistant Manager - Richmond, VA - 11235 Midlothian TnpkWen Virginia LLC Richmond, VirginiaAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Jan 13, 2021Full timeAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Wendy's Assistant Manager - Richmond, VA - 2120 John Rolfe ParkwayWen Virginia LLC Richmond, VirginiaAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Jan 13, 2021Full timeAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!General ManagerGecko Hospitality Falls Church, VirginiaSo far, 2017 has been awesome! But we are just getting started! We are staffing up for the summer and in high demand for General Managers, Kitchen Manager, Restaurant Manager, Director of Ops, Production Managers, Chefs, and Trainers. Hurry! We are opening new locations, new concepts, and need talent now! Do you want to be cool? How about our two new multi-unit openings in NOVA and DC? Salary $70K $85K Even cooler COO/Development - $150K What's cooler than that? We are searching for high energy, enthusiastic, confident managers that are ready to make a cool transition in Northern Virginia and DC Salary $45K - $65K Also featuring Hospitality Marketing roles and for Chefs Stay cool this summer with a new Executive Chef role DC - $90K+ Don't wait to get in the game! Are you ready for opportunities? Whether you are just getting your feet wet, or ready for that next big step, we have a Cool opening for you! Check us out! These openings will go fast! We will help get your foot in the door before the job is even posted, giving you the advantage! There are three things you will need to know about us; Best Opportunities ever, Fantastic reputation, we find you your last Job! Apply Today! We have the Top Exclusive job openings in the country. You will be in the running to land with one of the hottest brands around, and experiencing a great deal of fun doing it. We're at the top of our game, and we need to keep it this way. So, we're constantly raising the bar, delivering the ultimate experience for our candidates, and it's our people bringing the experience to life. Don't miss out! We can provide you with the coolest opportunities in DC and Virginia. Apply Now-New openings located in DC, Falls Church, Richmond and more! If you want to play it cool email your resume to Tom Bull, Gecko Hospitality The cool Recruiter.Jan 15, 2021Full timeSo far, 2017 has been awesome! But we are just getting started! We are staffing up for the summer and in high demand for General Managers, Kitchen Manager, Restaurant Manager, Director of Ops, Production Managers, Chefs, and Trainers. Hurry! We are opening new locations, new concepts, and need talent now! Do you want to be cool? How about our two new multi-unit openings in NOVA and DC? Salary $70K $85K Even cooler COO/Development - $150K What's cooler than that? We are searching for high energy, enthusiastic, confident managers that are ready to make a cool transition in Northern Virginia and DC Salary $45K - $65K Also featuring Hospitality Marketing roles and for Chefs Stay cool this summer with a new Executive Chef role DC - $90K+ Don't wait to get in the game! Are you ready for opportunities? Whether you are just getting your feet wet, or ready for that next big step, we have a Cool opening for you! Check us out! These openings will go fast! We will help get your foot in the door before the job is even posted, giving you the advantage! There are three things you will need to know about us; Best Opportunities ever, Fantastic reputation, we find you your last Job! Apply Today! We have the Top Exclusive job openings in the country. You will be in the running to land with one of the hottest brands around, and experiencing a great deal of fun doing it. We're at the top of our game, and we need to keep it this way. So, we're constantly raising the bar, delivering the ultimate experience for our candidates, and it's our people bringing the experience to life. Don't miss out! We can provide you with the coolest opportunities in DC and Virginia. Apply Now-New openings located in DC, Falls Church, Richmond and more! If you want to play it cool email your resume to Tom Bull, Gecko Hospitality The cool Recruiter.Restaurant ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant Manager Full service, casual, growth concept has an immediate opening for the Chester, VA market. If you have 2 + years' experience with corporate or franchise brands or from specialty restaurants, seafood, steak and/or casual American fare then this could be a great fit. We offer premium compensation, stability, career growth, excellent benefits for 2017 and a top training program. Please send resumes by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Jan 15, 2021Full timeRestaurant Manager Full service, casual, growth concept has an immediate opening for the Chester, VA market. If you have 2 + years' experience with corporate or franchise brands or from specialty restaurants, seafood, steak and/or casual American fare then this could be a great fit. We offer premium compensation, stability, career growth, excellent benefits for 2017 and a top training program. Please send resumes by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Assistant Restaurant ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaService Manager -- FOH Hospitality Manager We are excited to announce an opening for an experienced FOH Service Manager for this geographical market. We own and operate a growing nationwide casual concept. Recent openings and manager promotions have led to this opening. If you are a Service/Hospitality Manager with 2+ years' experience within a casual segment please apply. Salary range mid $50's + bonus We offer very strong career growth opportunities, advancement, premium setting, no extreme late nights, premium salary, bonus, benefits and all the trimmings. Service Managers need fluency with guest and employee interaction, labor models, bar metrics, scheduling and a desire to work in a polished, professional and fun environment. Please send resumes by return e mailJan 15, 2021Full timeService Manager -- FOH Hospitality Manager We are excited to announce an opening for an experienced FOH Service Manager for this geographical market. We own and operate a growing nationwide casual concept. Recent openings and manager promotions have led to this opening. If you are a Service/Hospitality Manager with 2+ years' experience within a casual segment please apply. Salary range mid $50's + bonus We offer very strong career growth opportunities, advancement, premium setting, no extreme late nights, premium salary, bonus, benefits and all the trimmings. Service Managers need fluency with guest and employee interaction, labor models, bar metrics, scheduling and a desire to work in a polished, professional and fun environment. Please send resumes by return e mailRestaurant Manager - ChefsGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant Managers Chefs We have an immediate opening for fast track General Managers and Kitchen Managers/Chefs. This is a vibrant, scratch recipe concept with very strong bar business. The concept is in a rapid growth phase throughout Virginia and North Carolina. If you have 2+ years full service restaurant/bar management experience or equivalent culinary manager background then this could be a terrific career option. We offer excellent salary, work/life balance and rapid career advancement. If you would like to learn more about this opening please send your resume by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityJan 15, 2021Full timeRestaurant Managers Chefs We have an immediate opening for fast track General Managers and Kitchen Managers/Chefs. This is a vibrant, scratch recipe concept with very strong bar business. The concept is in a rapid growth phase throughout Virginia and North Carolina. If you have 2+ years full service restaurant/bar management experience or equivalent culinary manager background then this could be a terrific career option. We offer excellent salary, work/life balance and rapid career advancement. If you would like to learn more about this opening please send your resume by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityCafe General ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant Café General Manager Our chef driven concept has an opening for an Operations General Manager candidate. This position partners with the Senior Executive Chef and is responsible for overseeing service and execution for the business. The ideal candidate will have a full service or fast casual background with a focus on high quality, heavy scratch prepared food. Candidates must have a demonstrated background pf delivering great guest service coupled with exceeding established metrics. General Managers with a passion for team development will be considered a great fit in our culture. This is an excellent opportunity for career driven individuals to advance their careers and step away from the late night scene. We offer outstanding compensation, top shelf benefits and a terrific work/life balance without the late nights. Interested candidates are invited to send resumes directly to Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Jan 15, 2021Full timeRestaurant Café General Manager Our chef driven concept has an opening for an Operations General Manager candidate. This position partners with the Senior Executive Chef and is responsible for overseeing service and execution for the business. The ideal candidate will have a full service or fast casual background with a focus on high quality, heavy scratch prepared food. Candidates must have a demonstrated background pf delivering great guest service coupled with exceeding established metrics. General Managers with a passion for team development will be considered a great fit in our culture. This is an excellent opportunity for career driven individuals to advance their careers and step away from the late night scene. We offer outstanding compensation, top shelf benefits and a terrific work/life balance without the late nights. Interested candidates are invited to send resumes directly to Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Bar ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaBar Manager/Manager We have an opening for an exciting new venue in the Richmond, Virginia area. This will be the first of multiple locations, full service, café/bar operations. We are looking to hire a manager for the new opening. Ideal experience will be a blend of corporate/franchise operations and local independent restaurant management. Candidates that have a solid understanding and 1-2 years supervision, cost control, new opening experience will be a plus. Experience with managing a small team, scheduling, purchasing and outstanding guest service are required. This will be a great opportunity for someone looking to advance their career with a high growth concept in the Richmond area. Bar Managers that can promote and attract business will be a great fit. Negotiable salary, $40,000 range. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityJan 15, 2021Full timeBar Manager/Manager We have an opening for an exciting new venue in the Richmond, Virginia area. This will be the first of multiple locations, full service, café/bar operations. We are looking to hire a manager for the new opening. Ideal experience will be a blend of corporate/franchise operations and local independent restaurant management. Candidates that have a solid understanding and 1-2 years supervision, cost control, new opening experience will be a plus. Experience with managing a small team, scheduling, purchasing and outstanding guest service are required. This will be a great opportunity for someone looking to advance their career with a high growth concept in the Richmond area. Bar Managers that can promote and attract business will be a great fit. Negotiable salary, $40,000 range. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityRestaurant General ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant General Manager Restaurant Assistant Manager We have two openings in the local area for experienced restaurant managers. Currently seeking to fill at the GM level and AM level. We operate multiple restaurant operations in the local area. Candidates looking for a promotion are encouraged to apply. This is a rapidly growing concept with tremendous career upside. Managers should have 2+ years' experience in any segment from QSR (Fast food), Fast casual/quick casual or full service with or without bar. $1.5M - $3M+ annual sales. We attract managers with a strong commitment to guest satisfaction and can work in a fun, fast pace environment. The positions come with very competitive base salaries, bonus, vacation, benefits and very realistic career growth. Full training is provided to set up our managers for success. Some manager positions are for day shift only, no nights. To learn more about these openings please send your restaurant manager professional resume. Interviews are local. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Jan 15, 2021Full timeRestaurant General Manager Restaurant Assistant Manager We have two openings in the local area for experienced restaurant managers. Currently seeking to fill at the GM level and AM level. We operate multiple restaurant operations in the local area. Candidates looking for a promotion are encouraged to apply. This is a rapidly growing concept with tremendous career upside. Managers should have 2+ years' experience in any segment from QSR (Fast food), Fast casual/quick casual or full service with or without bar. $1.5M - $3M+ annual sales. We attract managers with a strong commitment to guest satisfaction and can work in a fun, fast pace environment. The positions come with very competitive base salaries, bonus, vacation, benefits and very realistic career growth. Full training is provided to set up our managers for success. Some manager positions are for day shift only, no nights. To learn more about these openings please send your restaurant manager professional resume. Interviews are local. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Multi-Unit General ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaMulti-Unit General Manager Richmond, Virginia. This is an exciting opportunity for a startup venue positioned for opening early 2021. The multi-unit general manager will report to the Director of Culinary and Operations. The concept will be a hybrid operation in the retail/grocery field as well as café/bar foodservice operations. The growth will be throughout 2018 and this position will be instrumental in managerial leadership and support to a variety of concepts. The role will appeal to someone at the AGM/GM level in their career looking to grow into multi-site operations. Ideal backgrounds in the foodservice e/hospitality segment would include restaurant/bar operations, retail with restaurant operations and/or contract foodservice multi-site restaurant operations. Candidates that are hungry for more responsibility and career growth will enjoy this role. Strong P&L, new openings, team building and restaurant management platforms will be ideal for this role. Culinary experience is a huge plus. The concepts are renowned chef-driven. For more information please send your resume by return e mail Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityJan 15, 2021Full timeMulti-Unit General Manager Richmond, Virginia. This is an exciting opportunity for a startup venue positioned for opening early 2021. The multi-unit general manager will report to the Director of Culinary and Operations. The concept will be a hybrid operation in the retail/grocery field as well as café/bar foodservice operations. The growth will be throughout 2018 and this position will be instrumental in managerial leadership and support to a variety of concepts. The role will appeal to someone at the AGM/GM level in their career looking to grow into multi-site operations. Ideal backgrounds in the foodservice e/hospitality segment would include restaurant/bar operations, retail with restaurant operations and/or contract foodservice multi-site restaurant operations. Candidates that are hungry for more responsibility and career growth will enjoy this role. Strong P&L, new openings, team building and restaurant management platforms will be ideal for this role. Culinary experience is a huge plus. The concepts are renowned chef-driven. For more information please send your resume by return e mail Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityRestaurant Manager Day Shifts OnlyGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaAssistant Store Manager Daytime hours no nights Fast track to General Manager Richmond, Virginia Exciting, local, café style, counter service restaurant has an opening for an energetic Assistant Manager to fast track to the General Manager. This is a daytime operation, shifts end at around 2PM. The Assistant Restaurant Manager will work in a hands-on capacity providing shift supervision for a busy café/bakery operation. This is a high visibility position and the successful candidate will be groomed to take over the operation at the Store Manager/General Manager level. Base pay Vacation Advancement Daytime schedule Job security To learn more about this opportunity in Richmond, Virginia please send your resume by return e mail Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityJan 15, 2021Full timeAssistant Store Manager Daytime hours no nights Fast track to General Manager Richmond, Virginia Exciting, local, café style, counter service restaurant has an opening for an energetic Assistant Manager to fast track to the General Manager. This is a daytime operation, shifts end at around 2PM. The Assistant Restaurant Manager will work in a hands-on capacity providing shift supervision for a busy café/bakery operation. This is a high visibility position and the successful candidate will be groomed to take over the operation at the Store Manager/General Manager level. Base pay Vacation Advancement Daytime schedule Job security To learn more about this opportunity in Richmond, Virginia please send your resume by return e mail Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko HospitalityRestaurant Associate ManagerGecko Hospitality Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant Supervisor Richmond, Virginia Café style concept, heavy lunch and catering $35,000 - $37,000 Benefits PTO/Vacation This is an exciting opportunity for a restaurant assistant manager or restaurant supervisor to join a fun brand, heavy lunch/salad/sandwich/catering operation. This is ideal for someone currently in a restaurant supervisor level looking to join an exciting brand with career upside. Requires a hands-on management style, strong guest service skills, shift management. Ideal experience ill be in fast casual concepts, limited counter service or QSR. For more information and immediate consideration please send your resume by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Jan 15, 2021Full timeRestaurant Supervisor Richmond, Virginia Café style concept, heavy lunch and catering $35,000 - $37,000 Benefits PTO/Vacation This is an exciting opportunity for a restaurant assistant manager or restaurant supervisor to join a fun brand, heavy lunch/salad/sandwich/catering operation. This is ideal for someone currently in a restaurant supervisor level looking to join an exciting brand with career upside. Requires a hands-on management style, strong guest service skills, shift management. Ideal experience ill be in fast casual concepts, limited counter service or QSR. For more information and immediate consideration please send your resume by return e mail. Presented by Tom Bull with Gecko Hospitality.Restaurant Operations ManagerFirst Watch Inc. Richmond, VirginiaRestaurant Operations Manager Reports to: General Manager Major Purpose: To act as the Operations Manager who is responsible for supporting the mission, vision and values of First Watch Restaurants through all that he/she does in their role every day. The Operations Manager will work towards accomplishing stated goals and objectives to achieve desired results while focusing on the long-term profitability of the company while developing restaurant staff. What's in it for you? The opportunity to work in a fun atmosphere with awesome people while being a part of a growing organization that was voted BEST PLACES TO WORK (2018 Business Intelligence Group). We LOVE our employees more than bacon and have a \"You First\" philosophy, referring to the importance of putting people first. We also offer: No night shifts - EVER! Amazing growth opportunities Insurance benefits and employee perk programs Matching 401K contributions Tuition reimbursement and continuing education programs First class training Meal discounts And much more... Major Responsibilities: To assist in meeting or exceeding established sales, revenue and profitability goals, SLEBITDA movement in a positive direction Provide efficient and professional service at an appropriate level to meet or exceed customers' expectations Assist in the management of all revenues, cash or credit and company collateral - properly deposited and accounted for and are secured into the Company's operating bank account Ensure the integrity and operational functionality of all POS and security systems and equipment Manage all internal/external communications in a timely and effective manner Guide team members both front of the house and back of the house staff to meet established objectives Ensure that the restaurant equipment is kept in satisfactory working order maintaining the highest degree of usability and cleanliness Maintain safe working conditions as required by OSHA and federal, state and local governing bodies Communicate with other management, hourly employees, and customers, providing positive feedback and promoting a positive image of the restaurant and good employee morale Ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of all positions at the restaurant, proficient in performing such duties, and through instruction and supervision, train and develop both other managers and hourly employees Regularly counsels and coaches employees, and has the authority to suspend employees pending review of the situation by the General Manager, or discharge an employee immediately for instances of serious misconduct as defined in the Employee Handbook Along with the General Manager evaluates hourly staff via formal evaluations Evaluates hourly employees on an on-going basis through proper and effective use of the weekly schedule Leads a shift effectively - executes effectively use of the Daily Shift Card and Red Book Trains staff in all proper EOD procedures, including check out procedures Ensures maintenance of a safe and harassment free workplace Takes quick and responsible action in solving problems and able to use reason when dealing with disciplinary issues Completes all required paperwork on a timely basis Additional Responsibilities: Prepares and posts weekly work schedules, and ensures the schedule is implemented properly Assists in addressing issues resulting from violations on Health or Steritech Inspections in a timely and professional manner Safeguards the Company assets, including funds, equipment, and the facility taking appropriate action as and when necessary Assists in completing payroll, weekly, mid period and EOP administration work properly Effectively promotes First Watch outside the restaurant Obtains and maintains safe food handler certifications Through communication with the General Manager, Regional Manager and Home Office, handles customer and staff incidents, accidents, injuries and complaints in a timely and efficient manner Regularly interviews applicants for employment, assisting in making hiring decisions for the restaurant and regularly coaches and includes other managers in the process Ensures compliance with Federal, local, and state laws, company policies and procedures Authority: The Operations Manager acts within Company policy and applicable federal, state and local legislation to do whatever is necessary to carry out the mission of the Company; however, without the approval of the RVP may not: Neither commits the Company to any budgeted expenditure in excess of $500 nor sign any lease contracts or legal agreement Dispose of any capital asset Revise the organizational structure of any department/area Enter into a relationship with any employee, which may have or appear to have an adverse effect upon his/her, ability to carry out his/her responsibilities Job Requirements: A High School Diploma Completing of the CAFE program Minimum three to five years' experience in a service-oriented, hospitality industry such as hotel, resort, restaurant, retail, entertainment venue preferred Effective oral and written communication skills Regularly works 50-55 hours per week Must hold a valid driver's license and drive for company business as required Regularly works in the kitchen leading, training, teaching and coaching culinary duties Regularly works in the dining room leading, training, teaching and coaching host and service functions Knowledge of accounting and financial management principals with focus on budgeting and forecasting revenue goals and objectives Human Resources management skills in employee relations, recruiting and retention and employee recognition Ability to supervise and lead employees Ability to work with minimal supervision and determine task priorities Advanced analytical and problem solving skills Excellent computer skills with emphasis on MS operating systems Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail Strong communication, presentation and writing skills Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management Ability to work well under pressure in a fast paced, dynamic environment Ability to multitask and prioritize effectively Ability to effectively manage teams as well as work effectively as part of a team Passion for providing excellent service and quality Additional Requirements: Must be able to continuously see. Must be able to frequently stand, walk, view computer monitors, give & receive oral communication, bend, squat, reach above shoulder level, and discern color. Must be able to occasionally sit, type, and make fine discriminations in sound Must be able to regularly lift/carry up to 20 lbs.; occasionally lift/carry up to 40 lbs. Must be able to do repetitive simple grasping, fine manipulation, and pushing & pulling on a frequent basis Must be able to tolerate temporary exposure to extreme temperatures and temperature changes Staff / Budgetary Responsibilities: The Operations Manager will oversee a staff up to 40 employees. The Operations Manager will assist in overseeing revenue operations in excess of one million dollars.Jan 13, 2021Full timeRestaurant Operations Manager Reports to: General Manager Major Purpose: To act as the Operations Manager who is responsible for supporting the mission, vision and values of First Watch Restaurants through all that he/she does in their role every day. The Operations Manager will work towards accomplishing stated goals and objectives to achieve desired results while focusing on the long-term profitability of the company while developing restaurant staff. What's in it for you? The opportunity to work in a fun atmosphere with awesome people while being a part of a growing organization that was voted BEST PLACES TO WORK (2018 Business Intelligence Group). We LOVE our employees more than bacon and have a \"You First\" philosophy, referring to the importance of putting people first. We also offer: No night shifts - EVER! Amazing growth opportunities Insurance benefits and employee perk programs Matching 401K contributions Tuition reimbursement and continuing education programs First class training Meal discounts And much more... Major Responsibilities: To assist in meeting or exceeding established sales, revenue and profitability goals, SLEBITDA movement in a positive direction Provide efficient and professional service at an appropriate level to meet or exceed customers' expectations Assist in the management of all revenues, cash or credit and company collateral - properly deposited and accounted for and are secured into the Company's operating bank account Ensure the integrity and operational functionality of all POS and security systems and equipment Manage all internal/external communications in a timely and effective manner Guide team members both front of the house and back of the house staff to meet established objectives Ensure that the restaurant equipment is kept in satisfactory working order maintaining the highest degree of usability and cleanliness Maintain safe working conditions as required by OSHA and federal, state and local governing bodies Communicate with other management, hourly employees, and customers, providing positive feedback and promoting a positive image of the restaurant and good employee morale Ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of all positions at the restaurant, proficient in performing such duties, and through instruction and supervision, train and develop both other managers and hourly employees Regularly counsels and coaches employees, and has the authority to suspend employees pending review of the situation by the General Manager, or discharge an employee immediately for instances of serious misconduct as defined in the Employee Handbook Along with the General Manager evaluates hourly staff via formal evaluations Evaluates hourly employees on an on-going basis through proper and effective use of the weekly schedule Leads a shift effectively - executes effectively use of the Daily Shift Card and Red Book Trains staff in all proper EOD procedures, including check out procedures Ensures maintenance of a safe and harassment free workplace Takes quick and responsible action in solving problems and able to use reason when dealing with disciplinary issues Completes all required paperwork on a timely basis Additional Responsibilities: Prepares and posts weekly work schedules, and ensures the schedule is implemented properly Assists in addressing issues resulting from violations on Health or Steritech Inspections in a timely and professional manner Safeguards the Company assets, including funds, equipment, and the facility taking appropriate action as and when necessary Assists in completing payroll, weekly, mid period and EOP administration work properly Effectively promotes First Watch outside the restaurant Obtains and maintains safe food handler certifications Through communication with the General Manager, Regional Manager and Home Office, handles customer and staff incidents, accidents, injuries and complaints in a timely and efficient manner Regularly interviews applicants for employment, assisting in making hiring decisions for the restaurant and regularly coaches and includes other managers in the process Ensures compliance with Federal, local, and state laws, company policies and procedures Authority: The Operations Manager acts within Company policy and applicable federal, state and local legislation to do whatever is necessary to carry out the mission of the Company; however, without the approval of the RVP may not: Neither commits the Company to any budgeted expenditure in excess of $500 nor sign any lease contracts or legal agreement Dispose of any capital asset Revise the organizational structure of any department/area Enter into a relationship with any employee, which may have or appear to have an adverse effect upon his/her, ability to carry out his/her responsibilities Job Requirements: A High School Diploma Completing of the CAFE program Minimum three to five years' experience in a service-oriented, hospitality industry such as hotel, resort, restaurant, retail, entertainment venue preferred Effective oral and written communication skills Regularly works 50-55 hours per week Must hold a valid driver's license and drive for company business as required Regularly works in the kitchen leading, training, teaching and coaching culinary duties Regularly works in the dining room leading, training, teaching and coaching host and service functions Knowledge of accounting and financial management principals with focus on budgeting and forecasting revenue goals and objectives Human Resources management skills in employee relations, recruiting and retention and employee recognition Ability to supervise and lead employees Ability to work with minimal supervision and determine task priorities Advanced analytical and problem solving skills Excellent computer skills with emphasis on MS operating systems Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail Strong communication, presentation and writing skills Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management Ability to work well under pressure in a fast paced, dynamic environment Ability to multitask and prioritize effectively Ability to effectively manage teams as well as work effectively as part of a team Passion for providing excellent service and quality Additional Requirements: Must be able to continuously see. Must be able to frequently stand, walk, view computer monitors, give & receive oral communication, bend, squat, reach above shoulder level, and discern color. Must be able to occasionally sit, type, and make fine discriminations in sound Must be able to regularly lift/carry up to 20 lbs.; occasionally lift/carry up to 40 lbs. Must be able to do repetitive simple grasping, fine manipulation, and pushing & pulling on a frequent basis Must be able to tolerate temporary exposure to extreme temperatures and temperature changes Staff / Budgetary Responsibilities: The Operations Manager will oversee a staff up to 40 employees. The Operations Manager will assist in overseeing revenue operations in excess of one million dollars.Vintage House Restaurant Assistant ManagerMESSINA HOF WINE CELLARS INC Bryan, TexasJob DetailsLevelUndisclosedJob LocationBryan - Bryan, TXPosition TypeFull TimeEducation LevelUndisclosedSalary RangeUndisclosedTravel PercentageUndisclosedJob ShiftUndisclosedJob CategoryUndisclosedDescriptionMessina Hof Company Overview:Established in 1977, Messina Hof was developed from a family owned and operated vineyard and winery in Bryan, Texas. Messina Hof is dedicated to high quality world-class wine production and genuine hospitality in its winery and resort facilities located in Bryan, Fredericksburg, Grapevine, and Richmond, Texas. Messina Hof has doubled in size since 2012, and its annual wine production has grown to 200,000 gallons. Messina Hof's continued dedication to innovation, excellence, and family traditions is exemplified in its premium wines of distinction and landmark wine country destinations. It has also been continuously named the most awarded winery in Texas. Messina Hof is made up of a team of honest and passionate people of character that desire to be part of a rapidly growing company in an exciting and thriving industry.POSITION SUMMARY This position will oversee the day-to-day operations of the Vintage House Restaurant - Front of House and Events. It will also be involved with the direct marketing and selling of Messina Hof Winery and Resort and is responsible for the logistics of all events. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Reasonable Accommodations Statement To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable Accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Essential Functions Statement(s) Vintage House RestaurantOversee all aspects of the Vintage House - Front of House.Plan and execute training, discipline and managing employee development plans.Maintain wait staff and keyholders files and process administrative paperwork regarding personnel, including, but not limited to, Absence Requests, Time Cards, Disciplinary Forms, Counseling Forms, Creation of wait staff schedules according to event and reservation needs, etc. Responsible for creating a weekly wait staff meeting curricula (primary focus of these meetings will center on service, efficiency, Messina Hof wine knowledge, safety, teamwork, upcoming Messina Hof/Designer Events, POS system, and restaurant/company procedures).Develop sales and achieve sales goals to make Messina Hof Vintage House most profitable and run within budgetary guidelinesResponsible for enforcing departmental procedures and company policies with wait staff and keyholders.Be responsible for safety and protection of departmental employees, including ongoing work site analyses and safety training.EventsPromote dinners, events, parties and repeat sales at the Winery and Vintage House.Serve as Designer Events representative in the absence of the primary Event ManagerSet-up, execute and wrap-up events for in-house and privately booked events when scheduled.Care of the Vintage House RestaurantResponsible for Messina Hof's high standard of cleanliness and organization in all areas of the Vintage House including, restaurant, resource room, gallery and barn.Inventory ControlResponsible for all inventory control including scheduled transactions, movement of inventory and daily knowledge of floor stockPerform other duties as required including assisting other departments as neededQualificationsPOSITION QUALIFICATIONS Competency Statement(s) Two to three (2-3) years' experience in fine dining restaurant in front of house and event management. Experience in management, retail or a related field working closely with the public and Hotel Management.Able to use a personal computer for register transactions, word processing, spreadsheets and budgeting of expenses incurred, on a monthly basis. Ability to read P's and control cost centers.Good communication skills, personnel skills, highly motivated, and highly organized.Must be detail oriented and able to coordinate various activities simultaneously. Must have excellent organizational skills and ability to work independently.Must have good written and oral communication skills.Must have basic wine knowledge to help customer service.Ability to deal with guests, co-workers, and business associates in a courteous and professional manner. Must be people and hospitality oriented.TABC Certificate & Food Handler's CertificatePHYSICAL DEMANDSThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, and crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee is frequently required to stand for long periods of time. The employee is frequently required to climb up and down stairs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.POSITION QUALIFICATIONS Competency Statement(s) Two to three (2-3) years' experience in fine dining restaurant in front of house and event management. Experience in management, retail or a related field working closely with the public and Hotel Management.Able to use a personal computer for register transactions, word processing, spreadsheets and budgeting of expenses incurred, on a monthly basis. Ability to read P's and control cost centers.Good communication skills, personnel skills, highly motivated, and highly organized.Must be detail oriented and able to coordinate various activities simultaneously. Must have excellent organizational skills and ability to work independently.Must have good written and oral communication skills.Must have basic wine knowledge to help customer service.Ability to deal with guests, co-workers, and business associates in a courteous and professional manner. Must be people and hospitality oriented.TABC Certificate & Food Handler's CertificatePHYSICAL DEMANDSThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, and crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee is frequently required to stand for long periods of time. The employee is frequently required to climb up and down stairs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.Jan 13, 2021Full timeJob DetailsLevelUndisclosedJob LocationBryan - Bryan, TXPosition TypeFull TimeEducation LevelUndisclosedSalary RangeUndisclosedTravel PercentageUndisclosedJob ShiftUndisclosedJob CategoryUndisclosedDescriptionMessina Hof Company Overview:Established in 1977, Messina Hof was developed from a family owned and operated vineyard and winery in Bryan, Texas. Messina Hof is dedicated to high quality world-class wine production and genuine hospitality in its winery and resort facilities located in Bryan, Fredericksburg, Grapevine, and Richmond, Texas. Messina Hof has doubled in size since 2012, and its annual wine production has grown to 200,000 gallons. Messina Hof's continued dedication to innovation, excellence, and family traditions is exemplified in its premium wines of distinction and landmark wine country destinations. It has also been continuously named the most awarded winery in Texas. Messina Hof is made up of a team of honest and passionate people of character that desire to be part of a rapidly growing company in an exciting and thriving industry.POSITION SUMMARY This position will oversee the day-to-day operations of the Vintage House Restaurant - Front of House and Events. It will also be involved with the direct marketing and selling of Messina Hof Winery and Resort and is responsible for the logistics of all events. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Reasonable Accommodations Statement To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable Accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Essential Functions Statement(s) Vintage House RestaurantOversee all aspects of the Vintage House - Front of House.Plan and execute training, discipline and managing employee development plans.Maintain wait staff and keyholders files and process administrative paperwork regarding personnel, including, but not limited to, Absence Requests, Time Cards, Disciplinary Forms, Counseling Forms, Creation of wait staff schedules according to event and reservation needs, etc. Responsible for creating a weekly wait staff meeting curricula (primary focus of these meetings will center on service, efficiency, Messina Hof wine knowledge, safety, teamwork, upcoming Messina Hof/Designer Events, POS system, and restaurant/company procedures).Develop sales and achieve sales goals to make Messina Hof Vintage House most profitable and run within budgetary guidelinesResponsible for enforcing departmental procedures and company policies with wait staff and keyholders.Be responsible for safety and protection of departmental employees, including ongoing work site analyses and safety training.EventsPromote dinners, events, parties and repeat sales at the Winery and Vintage House.Serve as Designer Events representative in the absence of the primary Event ManagerSet-up, execute and wrap-up events for in-house and privately booked events when scheduled.Care of the Vintage House RestaurantResponsible for Messina Hof's high standard of cleanliness and organization in all areas of the Vintage House including, restaurant, resource room, gallery and barn.Inventory ControlResponsible for all inventory control including scheduled transactions, movement of inventory and daily knowledge of floor stockPerform other duties as required including assisting other departments as neededQualificationsPOSITION QUALIFICATIONS Competency Statement(s) Two to three (2-3) years' experience in fine dining restaurant in front of house and event management. Experience in management, retail or a related field working closely with the public and Hotel Management.Able to use a personal computer for register transactions, word processing, spreadsheets and budgeting of expenses incurred, on a monthly basis. Ability to read P's and control cost centers.Good communication skills, personnel skills, highly motivated, and highly organized.Must be detail oriented and able to coordinate various activities simultaneously. Must have excellent organizational skills and ability to work independently.Must have good written and oral communication skills.Must have basic wine knowledge to help customer service.Ability to deal with guests, co-workers, and business associates in a courteous and professional manner. Must be people and hospitality oriented.TABC Certificate & Food Handler's CertificatePHYSICAL DEMANDSThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, and crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee is frequently required to stand for long periods of time. The employee is frequently required to climb up and down stairs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.POSITION QUALIFICATIONS Competency Statement(s) Two to three (2-3) years' experience in fine dining restaurant in front of house and event management. Experience in management, retail or a related field working closely with the public and Hotel Management.Able to use a personal computer for register transactions, word processing, spreadsheets and budgeting of expenses incurred, on a monthly basis. Ability to read P's and control cost centers.Good communication skills, personnel skills, highly motivated, and highly organized.Must be detail oriented and able to coordinate various activities simultaneously. Must have excellent organizational skills and ability to work independently.Must have good written and oral communication skills.Must have basic wine knowledge to help customer service.Ability to deal with guests, co-workers, and business associates in a courteous and professional manner. Must be people and hospitality oriented.TABC Certificate & Food Handler's CertificatePHYSICAL DEMANDSThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, and crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee is frequently required to stand for long periods of time. The employee is frequently required to climb up and down stairs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.Wendy's Assistant Manager - Mechanicsville, VA - 7101 Mechanicsville TWen Virginia LLC Richmond, VirginiaAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Jan 13, 2021Full timeAre you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to help lead a restaurant and have the opportunity to grow into running your own? If so, our Assistant Manager position is for you!As an Assistant Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Assist the General Manager in all aspects of operating the restaurant• Lead the restaurant in the General Manager's absence• Participate in annual store business plan development• Make recommendations regarding the hiring and termination of employees• Attend meetings requested by the General Manager, District Manager, or Area Director• Develop restaurant operation skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as an Assistant Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have experience in restaurant operations• Be able to perform all duties of restaurant staff• Have strong supervisory, organizational, and communication skillsWhether you're looking for a team environment, leadership opportunity, or the chance to develop into running your own restaurant, we have great opportunity for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Wendy's Shift Manager - Midlothian, VA - 13822 Village Place DrWen Virginia LLC Richmond, VirginiaAre you looking for an opportunity to lead a team? Do you enjoy serving customers and having flexible hours? If so, our Shift Manager position is for you!As a Shift Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Train and monitor tasks performed by Crew Members to ensure quality, service, and cleanliness• Ensure all food safety procedures are executed appropriately• Assist in handling customer complaints and issues• Perform daily, weekly, and monthly administrative duties and reports• Attend meetings requested by General Manager or District Manager• Develop leadership skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as a Shift Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have prior restaurant experience• Have excellent problem-solving and decision-making skillsWhether you're looking for flexibility, a team environment, or a place where you can grow, we have great opportunities for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Jan 13, 2021Full timeAre you looking for an opportunity to lead a team? Do you enjoy serving customers and having flexible hours? If so, our Shift Manager position is for you!As a Shift Manager, you'll have the opportunity to:• Train and monitor tasks performed by Crew Members to ensure quality, service, and cleanliness• Ensure all food safety procedures are executed appropriately• Assist in handling customer complaints and issues• Perform daily, weekly, and monthly administrative duties and reports• Attend meetings requested by General Manager or District Manager• Develop leadership skills and grow within the organizationTo be successful as a Shift Manager, we expect you to:• Be at least 18 years of age• Possess a high school diploma or the equivalent• Have prior restaurant experience• Have excellent problem-solving and decision-making skillsWhether you're looking for flexibility, a team environment, or a place where you can grow, we have great opportunities for you! Apply today to join the Meritage Hospitality family of Wendy's!Meritage Hospitality Group is one of the nation's premier restaurant operators with more than 300 restaurants operating in 16 states. Meritage is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, operating with a workforce of more than 9,400 employees.*The above statements are not all-inclusive.*Wendy's will, upon request, provide reasonable accommodation in accordance with the ADA to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified employee or applicant with a disability, unless doing so would cause Wendy's undue hardship.Meritage Hospitality Group is proud to offer a great culture, competitive pay, flexible schedules, 401k with company match, and other perks!Restaurant Assistant ManagerGolden Corral Richmond, IndianaIn this entry-level, hourly management position, you are cross-trained in all skill positions within the restaurant and gain knowledge of operational tasks including ordering, receiving, storage, and menu planning. You work closely with the General and Associate Managers and complete a one-year certification program including a series of modules designed to teach in-store management skills. Golden Corral offers paid training, benefits upon completion of training, and the opportunity for upward mobility. We are looking for hardworking individuals with some restaurant management experience who want to grow and develop with a top company. One - two years' experience in the foodservice industry, preferably in a management capacity in a high volume restaurant with diversified menu offering. Education and training associated with completion of a high school diploma and college coursework in hospitality or business is preferred. Golden Corral offers a variety of benefits designed to meet the particular needs of employees and their families. Benefits packages for Certified Assistant Managers include: Medical Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance 5-Day Workweek Paid Vacation Education Fund Continual Training and Development during Career Thank you for your interest in Golden Corral Corporation. Our commitment to valuing diversity helps create an environment where everyone can be successful. Upon completion of your online application, you may be directed to complete an additional online questionnaire that is specific to the position in which you are applying.Jan 13, 2021Full timeIn this entry-level, hourly management position, you are cross-trained in all skill positions within the restaurant and gain knowledge of operational tasks including ordering, receiving, storage, and menu planning. You work closely with the General and Associate Managers and complete a one-year certification program including a series of modules designed to teach in-store management skills. Golden Corral offers paid training, benefits upon completion of training, and the opportunity for upward mobility. We are looking for hardworking individuals with some restaurant management experience who want to grow and develop with a top company. One - two years' experience in the foodservice industry, preferably in a management capacity in a high volume restaurant with diversified menu offering. Education and training associated with completion of a high school diploma and college coursework in hospitality or business is preferred. Golden Corral offers a variety of benefits designed to meet the particular needs of employees and their families. Benefits packages for Certified Assistant Managers include: Medical Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance 5-Day Workweek Paid Vacation Education Fund Continual Training and Development during Career Thank you for your interest in Golden Corral Corporation. Our commitment to valuing diversity helps create an environment where everyone can be successful. Upon completion of your online application, you may be directed to complete an additional online questionnaire that is specific to the position in which you are applying.Load moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App© 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
