"Providence St. Joseph Health - St. Joseph Health / Covenant Health Radiology Tech, LRMC - On-Call in Hobbs, New Mexico, United StatesProvidence St. Joseph HealthSkip to Main ContentSearch for Job Title or KeywordsSearch for City, State, Country, Zip CodeMiles:Job InformationSt. Joseph Health / Covenant Health Radiology Tech, LRMC - On-Call in Hobbs, New MexicoApply Today! Applicants that meet qualifications will receive a text with some additional questions from our Modern Hire system.J ob Summary:Under the direct supervision of the Diagnostic Supervisor and the general supervision of the Director of Imaging Services, performs radiological procedures to assist in the diagnosis and treatment of disease and injuries.Essential Functions:Performs radiographic procedures as prescribed by a physician by determining the proper technical factors on an individual patient basis.Positions patients accurately for the proper view of the affected area.Selects and operates fixed and portable radiographic equipment as directed.Prepares room, equipment and contrast media and administers contrast media to the patient as required by the procedure.Instructs patients as to the proper physiological requirements for the procedure.Identifies and develops film using proper technique.Abides in the established departmental policies and procedures, objectives, quality management, general and radiation safety, environmental and infection control standards.Maintains accurate records of procedures as required and performs necessary clerical duties.Instructs radiological technology students on equipment operation, techniques and positioning.Ensures a clean working environment and stock supplies as necessary.Assist with exam scheduling and telephone inquiries as necessary.Minimum Position Qualifications:Education : Satisfactory completion of an AMA approved School of Radiology Technology.Licenses and Certifications:Licensed by the New Mexico as Medical Radiology Technologist.BLS (AHA) Certification within 30 days of employment.Preferred Position Qualifications:Experience : 1 year of Experience as a Radiology Technologist.Covenant Health is celebrating over 100 years of serving Lubbock and our South Plains region. As the oldest and largest health system in Lubbock and the region, we currently employ over 5,200 people with a medical staff of over 600 physicians.For over 100 years, Covenant has been driven by a mission of providing a Christian ministry of healing and caring for the whole person - mind, body and spirit. Our vision and differentiator is we are the only faith-based, integrated health network in the West Texas/eastern New Mexico region dedicated to a Christian ministry of healing.As an expression of our mission, we believe we hold an important Covenant with our patients and try and treat every interaction as Sacred Encounters.Our ministry includes six hospitals with over 1,100 licensed beds: Covenant Medical Center - CMC Covenant Children’s Covenant Specialty Covenant Plainview - PLV Covenant Levelland - LVL Trustpoint (joint venture: Rehab Hospital of Lubbock) Covenant Medical Group (CMG) Covenant Health Partners Hospice of LubbockCovenant Health's total service area includes 25 counties that covers most of West Texas and eastern New Mexico. The service area covers approximately 750,000 people and approximately 35,000 square miles.Covenant provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Covenant complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Positions specified as “on call, per diem” refers to employment consisting of shifts scheduled on as “as needed basis” to fill in for staff vacancies.Company: Covenant HealthCategory: Radiology TechnologistApply NowSt. Joseph Health / Covenant HealthSt. Joseph Health / Covenant Health JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaSt. Joseph Health / Covenant Hea...Radiology Tech, LRMC - On-CallHobbsNew MexicoClear AllConnect With Us: facebook linkedin instagram twitter youtube© Providence St. Joseph Health. All Rights Reserved.providence.orgEEO, Applicant Notices, and Accommodations | Terms of Use & Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Notice of Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Rights"
