"Emergency Rm RN - Clinic at Kaiser Permanente | Los Angeles, CA 90011California Jobs0Search JobsResume UploadPost a JobDashboardSign in​​Find JobsApply NowEmergency Rm RN - ClinicKaiser Permanente Los Angeles, CAEmployment Type: Full-TimeIndustry: MiscellaneousJob Group 53Description: As the leader of the health care team, provides professional nursing care, utilizing the nursing process in accordance with established standards of care, policies, and procedures. Demonstrates performance consistent with the Medical Center Vision, Mission, and Strategic Plan of the organization. Remains flexible to changing systems; is expected to demonstrate quality and effectiveness in work habits and clinical practice; and treats co-workers, patients, families, and all members of the health care team with dignity and respect. Essential Functions: * The Registered Nurse demonstrates proficiency by exhibiting the following skills, competencies, and behaviors: * Leadership: * Upholds Kaiser Permanente's Policies and Procedures, Principles of Responsibilities, and applicable state, federal and local laws. * Serves as a leader of the health care team; delegates tasks appropriately, and demonstrates appropriate accountability. * Understands own and team members scope of practice and escalates issues as appropriate. * Demonstrates professional, supportive behavior. * Champions new ideas. * Leads and directs others through the change process. * Utilizes communication strategies including chain of command and issue escalation, which result in intended outcomes. * Participates in problem identification and resolution. * Mentors, orients, and coaches others in unit specific operations and patient care activities. * Shares responsibility and authority w/ subordinates and holds him/her accountable for performance. * Demonstrates ability to problem solve w/ other departments in order to assist member problem resolution. * Prioritizes, delegates, and supervises work assignments appropriately to ensure completion of patient care activities. * Complies w/ regulatory requirements, policies, procedures, and standards of practice. * Nursing Process: * Develops and/or contributes to the individualized plan of care that reflects assessment, planning, implementing, and evaluating the outcomes of that plan. * Ensures plan shows multidisciplinary planning, consultation, and education. * Ensures plan is reflective of admission or outpatient database, on-going findings, age appropriate care, cultural specific needs, and appropriate acuity. * Ensures plan is discussed w/ patient, family/significant others, and completed in a timely manner. * Monitors the patient's progress based on the plan. * Revises plan on ongoing basis based on patient condition and evaluation of progress. * Ensures care meets standards of practice. * Ensures effective development and completion of discharge plan including discharge barriers and patient/family education. * Ensures that patient clearly understands discharge instructions. * In outpatient, identify barriers and needs for patient/family education that will facilitate the outpatient medical mgmt plan. * Ensures patient safety related but not limited to, medications and procedures utilizing the five rights; patient falls; decubitus prevention and prevention of nosocomial infections. * Ensures optimal pain control and patient comfort; identifies and discusses patient anxieties, fears or concerns regarding patient condition, treatment or discharge. * Ensures that patient understands medication purpose, side effects, and administration instructions in the hospital as well as at the time of discharge. * Documentation: * Charting is accurate, legible, dated, and timed. * Documentation reflects nursing process and interventions and evaluations taken. * Utilizes computer systems effectively and efficiently for optimal patient care. * Clinical Outcomes: * Discusses patient findings and progress toward outcomes w/ physicians and other members of the health care team. * Demonstrates competencies during the probationary period and ongoing completion by departmental competency validation. * Make comprehensive nursing decisions based on interpretation of data, assessments, and evaluations of patient outcomes. * Participates in departmental performance improvement activities, i.e., planning, measuring/monitoring, assessing, and improving. * Workplace Safety: * Adherence to LMP Workplace Safety principles and practices. * Applies standard precautions. * Maintains a safe environment for self and others. * Patient Care Experience: * Practices customer service standards as defined by the Service Area, Medical Center, and specified department. * Promptly answers call lights, alarms, and patient requests. * Makes appropriate referrals and facilitates the customer's ability to utilize resources. * Maintains and protects patient confidentiality. * Ensures clean, orderly, and functional work environment. * Treats all families of patients w/ courtesy, respect, kindness and compassion. * Provides an optimal patient care experience by actively listening to the needs of patients and family members and taking responsibility for meeting those identified needs. * Gives patients information in a way they can understand and ensures comprehension. * Provides a patient care experience that exceeds members' expectations. * Team Commitment: * Viewed by others to be an effective team member who is flexible, cooperative, and willing to assist others. * Confronts difficult or conflict situations constructively and seeks appropriate assistance. * Takes accountability for own actions and accepts constructive criticism. * Acts as a resource, preceptor, and mentor to new employees, registry, students, and other team members. * Attends all mandatory meetings, in-services and staff meetings as required, actively participates in other departmental professional development (Requirement may vary for per diem staff). * Participates w/ the assessment of current and future unit learning needs and development of an annual education plan. * Keeps self- informed of activities on the unit and makes recommendations for change. * Adheres to Attendance Program. * Reports to assigned area promptly, being present and available for report at beginning of assigned shift. * Supports a collaborative Labor-Mgmt Partnership environment through unit based teams. * Fiscal Responsibility: * Organizes work to minimize the use of overtime. * Identifies and assists in systems improvement that needs simplification or correction. * Utilizes payroll and non-payroll resources to their maximum potential. normal;background:white>Basic Qualifications License, Certification, Registration * Current CA RN license, BLS certification. normal;background:white>- 1-year recent (within the last 3 years) full-time equivalent experience in ED, or successful completion of a KP ED training program or approved equivalent within prior 12 months. normal;background:white>- Current ACLS & PALS card required. normal;background:white> normal;background:white>Preferred Qualifications: normal;background:white>- BSN preferred normal;background:white>- CEN preferred normal;background:white> normal;background:white>Notes: normal;background:white>- If twelve (12) hour option chosen, shift will be 7:30 pm-8:00 am, back up 8 hour shift will be 11:30 pm-8:00 am. Primary Location: California,Los Angeles,Los Angeles Medical Center Scheduled Weekly Hours: 24 Shift: Night Workdays: Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun Working Hours Start: 7:30 PM Working Hours End: 8:00 AM Job Schedule: Part-time Job Type: Standard Employee Status: Regular Employee Group/Union Affiliation: B13|AFSCME|UNAC Job Level: Individual Contributor Job Category: Nursing Licensed Specialty: Emergency Department: Emergency Travel: No Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status. External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances. Load More Click here for additional requirements > Share This Job *Apply NowLaunch your career - Create your profile now!Create your ProfileEmergency Rm RN - ClinicKaiser Permanente • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!Description: As the leader of the health care team, provides professional nursing care, utilizing the nursing process in accordance with established standards of care, policies, and procedures. Demonstrates performance consistent with the Medical... Read MoreRegistered NurseMedcor, Inc • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!Medcor is looking for a Registered Nurse (RN) to work Full-Time hours on a temporary basis at our occupational health clinic located at Fox Studios in Century City (Los Angeles), CA. This position will work 40 hours per week, Monday - Friday from ... Read MoreRegistered Nurse II Per Diem - Imaging - Outpatient OncologyCedars Sinai • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!Do you have a passion for the highest clinical quality and patient happiness? Would you like to use your clinical competencies with an organization known nationally for excellence in cancer treatment, research and education? We would be happy to h... Read MoreRegistered Nurse - Float PoolAltaMed • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!Overview The Registered Nurse (RN) assumes the responsibility for application of nursing and clinical processes and delivery of quality patient care at AltaMed clinics under the supervision of Nursing Supervisor, Nursing Director or CNE and has a... Read MoreTemp Registered NurseBiola University • La Mirada, CA 90638Apply Now!Temp Registered Nurse University Health Services Clinic seeks Registered Nurse to assist with COVID-19 clinic management - including contact tracing, surveillance testing and other student care management. Position Summary The Registered Staff ... Read MoreDialysis Registered Nurse - RNDaVita • Lawndale, CA 90260Apply Now!3934 West 24th St, Chicago, Illinois, 60623, United States of America DaVita is seeking a Registered Nurse who is looking to give life in an outpatient dialysis center. You can make an exceptional difference in the lives of our patients and their... Read MoreRN Care Manager Ambulatory Services E. Compton Clinic Full TimeMLK Community Hospital • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!Date Posted: 12/30/2020 Job Code: CM Clinic Location: MLK Community Hospital & Foundation Address: 1680 E. 120th St. City: Los Angeles State: CA Country: United States of America Category: Clinics - Ambulatory If you are interested... Read MoreRegistered Nurse II - ImagingCedars Sinai • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!* Overview * Success Profile * Trending/Testimonial * Rewards * Responsibilities Make a difference in Nursing at Cedars-Sinai. Use your compassion, expertise and dedication in work that truly matters - improving the lives of our patients in their... Read MoreCharge NurseDaVita • Gardena, CA 90247Apply Now!1201 W 155th St, Gardena, California, 90247, United States of America As a DaVita Dialysis Charge Nurse (RN), you play a vital front-line role at an outpatient clinic, you will oversee all aspects of its operation. Including: * Supervise direct ... Read MoreDialysis Registered Nurse - Peritoneal RNDSI Renal, Inc • Los Angeles, CA 90011Apply Now!The Home Therapy Registered Nurse, as qualified by federal and state regulations, provides patient training and ongoing support for all patients choosing a home dialysis modality. This position is accountable for providing quality care to all pati... Read More×LoginSign UpE-mailPasswordRemember MeSign inE-mailPasswordConfirm PasswordBy submitting, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.Sign UpThis email has been taken, please login or use a different email.Don't have an account?Enter your email to continue as a guest:By submitting, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.Submit×Welcome BackRemember MeForgot Password?Log InORSign Up Now×Upload Your ResumeI would like to receive a free resume review from TopResumeChoose a FileLoginDon't have an account? Click here to sign up.Remember MeSignupAlready have an account? Click here to log in.By submitting, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.NextSubmit×Success!Your resume was uploadedComplete My ProfileExplore Jobs Near Me​​​​​California.jobs • 3029 Prospect Ave E, Cleveland OH 44115 • +1 (855) 562-7952Terms & Conditions • Privacy Policy • Do Not Sell My Personal Information© 2021 Copyright California.jobs. All rights reserved."
