"Now advertising: jobs at Spelfabet in North Fitzroy | SpelfabetSpelfabetLearning the building blocks of words – sounds, their spellings, and word partsMenuSkip to contentHomeAboutBlogIndexPhonics resourcesSpelling listsPlaying CardsShopResearchChangemakersWhere to startContactVideosMy AccountJobsNow advertising: jobs at Spelfabet in North Fitzroy5 Replies	I’m now advertising for an experienced speech pathologist, and a receptionist/office manager, to work with me in my (nearly-all-set-up) large, quiet, well-equipped office in North Fitzroy.If you want to help me keep this website fresh and interesting, with more videos, reviews and other useful stuff, please tell any great speech pathologist and/or health sector receptionist/office manager who might be interested in these jobs.My caseload is now far too big for one person, admin is eating my life, and I’m fed up with being too tired to work on my website. Also, private practice is too lonely! I want a team of lovely people, to laugh and have birthday morning teas with, and learn from each other.Here’s the ad I’ve just put on the Speech Pathology Australia website, and below it is the ad for a receptionist/office manager I’m about to figure out where to post (Seek? Indeed? Where do Melbourne medical and allied health receptionists look for jobs?). I’ll put photos of the office at the end of this post, to give interested people a better idea of the look and feel of the place.Please pretty please hive mind, send me wonderful people! I promise to be really nice to them.Speech Pathologist Level 3 job advertisementJoin Speech Pathologist Alison Clarke in her busy private practice, now called Spelfabet and located in a large, quiet, well-equipped office in North Fitzroy. Alison also runs the Spelfabet website (www.spelfabet.com.au) which seeks to promote explicit, systematic teaching about phonemes, graphemes and morphemes as key ingredients in reading and spelling programs for beginners and strugglers.Alison now needs help managing her large caseload, and is also seeking a receptionist/office manager. Over time, she hopes to build a multi-disciplinary team.You would assess speech, language, phonological processing, spelling and reading skills, and where relevant pragmatics and play skills, writing these up promptly in succinct, jargon-free reports.You would provide individual and small group therapy to a caseload of mainly school-aged children and teenagers with reading and/or spelling difficulties. Many clients also have Autism Spectrum disorders, Developmental Language Disorders, speech, memory and/or attentional difficulties or other developmental difficulties. Some have difficult behaviour.Usual hours of work would be 10.30am to 6.36pm weekdays, as most school-aged clients prefer afternoon appointments. Some flexibility in hours is negotiable. Assessment and group therapy sessions are usually one hour, and individual therapy sessions are usually 40 minutes. Maximum client load would be based on qualifications and experience.The position is clinic-based without many school visits or other offsite work, so no driver’s licence or car is required. The location is highly accessible by train, tram, bus and bike, and on-site parking is available. Great cafes and shops, a supermarket and a linear park are all nearby.You would be expected to attend and help provide professional development, help create therapy resources, participate in supervision/mentoring and quality assurance and assist with student supervision.This position is classified at Level 3 under the Health Professionals and Support Services Award 2010. The salary range is $67,849.60- $74,412 per annum plus 9.5% superannuation, depending on qualifications and experience. Working conditions and leave are as per the Award and National Employment Standards. Annual leave during school holidays will be encouraged.VAHPA membership is encouraged, and environmentally sustainable work practices are expected. Joint job-share requests will be considered, especially from speech pathologists already working part-time in schools. A six-month probationary period applies.This is an equal opportunity employer, and encourages applications from individuals of diverse backgrounds, including but not limited to those of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander, Culturally and Linguistically Diverse background, the GLBTIQ community and those living with a disability.Applications close at midnight on Monday 28th January (the last day of the school holidays) for commencement as soon as possible.Job requirementsYou would need a calm, friendly, flexible approach, and the ability to build warm, positive relationships with even anxious, grumpy and socially unskilled children and teenagers, and their parents/guardians.You would need the ability to identify and negotiate barriers to getting enough work done to achieve success, and relentlessly minimise the amount of time wasted in sessions, emphasising motivating goals and rewards.You would need a commitment to inclusion, a positive attitude to linguistic and cultural differences and families of all configurations, and:A tertiary qualification in Speech and Language Pathology.A current Certified Practising Membership of Speech Pathology Australia, and eligibility for a Medicare Provider Number.A strong grasp of current science about learning to read and spell, including connectionist and dual route models, SVR, the role of PA and phonological memory, WM and RAN, the Self-Teaching Hypothesis, orthographic mapping and cognitive load theory, and their implications for assessment and intervention.Training and experience using one or more explicit, systematic synthetic phonics programs such as Sounds-Write, Little Learners Love Literacy, Jolly Phonics, Read Write Inc, Get Reading Right, MultiLit or Spalding.At least five years’ paediatric speech pathology experience, including experience working in schools and with small groups.Demonstrated ability to work independently in a team environment and build positive relationships with colleagues.Excellent oral and written communication skills.Outstanding spelling skills and knowledge of English word structure.A current Working with Children Check.Professional Indemnity Insurance (you will be reimbursed).An Australian Tax File Number.Applications should be sent to info@spelfabet.com.au by midnight on 28th January. This is also the email address for more information, or you can phone Alison on 0402 075 306.Receptionist/Office Manager job advertisementJoin Speech Pathologist Alison Clarke in her busy private practice, now called Spelfabet and located in a large, quiet, well-equipped office in North Fitzroy. Alison also runs the Spelfabet website (www.spelfabet.com.au) which seeks to promote explicit, systematic teaching about phonemes, graphemes and morphemes as key ingredients in reading and spelling programs for beginners and strugglers.Alison now needs help managing her large caseload, and is also seeking to employ another experienced Speech Pathologist. Over time, she hopes to build a multi-disciplinary team.You would undertake a range of administrative activities, including scheduling appointments, invoicing, taking and reconciling payments, providing receipts, managing client files, monitoring and ordering supplies, maintaining equipment, setting up and maintaining a book/equipment loan system, managing correspondence including Medicare referral letters, overseeing office cleaning, maintenance and on-site parking, providing administrative support for professional development, making and organising therapy materials, and ordering (but not making) the birthday cakes.Usual hours of work would be 10.30am to 6.36pm weekdays, as most school-aged clients prefer afternoon appointments. Some flexibility in hours is negotiable. The location is highly accessible by train, tram, bus and bike, and on-site parking is available. Great cafes and shops, a supermarket and a linear park are all nearby.This position is classified at Level 8/9 under the Health Professionals and Support Services Award 2010, Support Services Employee Level 8-9. The salary range is $49,935 to $55,827 per annum plus 9.5% superannuation, depending on qualifications and experience. Working conditions and leave are as per the Award and National Employment Standards.Annual leave during school holidays and VAHPA membership are encouraged. Environmentally sustainable work practices are expected. A six-month probationary period applies.This is an equal opportunity employer, and encourages applications from individuals of diverse backgrounds, including but not limited to those of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander, Culturally and Linguistically Diverse background, the GLBTIQ community and those living with a disability.Applications close at midnight on Monday 28th January (the last day of the school holidays) for commencement as soon as possible.Job requirementsYou would need a professional, sensitive and friendly approach, including the ability to engage in a calm, reassuring way with anxious children and parents.You would need a commitment to inclusion, a positive attitude to linguistic and cultural differences and families of all configurations, and:Experience in allied health and/or medical receptionist roles.Proficiency using practice management software, preferably Cliniko.Experience managing allied health/medical client files, office supplies and equipment.A good understanding of the funding options and rebates (Medicare, DSS, NDIS, private health insurance) available for Speech Pathology services.Demonstrated ability to work efficiently and independently in a team environment, and build positive relationships with colleagues.High levels of maturity, initiative and attention to detail.Excellent oral and written communication skills.A current Working with Children Check.An Australian Tax File number.Applications should be sent to info@spelfabet.com.au by midnight on 28th January. This is also the email address for more information, or you can phone Alison on 0402 075 306.This is the small clinic room, still not completely furnished yet. The other room is bigger but it’s full of junk at present so I’m not showing you, sorry. They both have full internal blinds for privacy/to reduce distractions.Staff and sensitive storage room. Again, still working on more furniture.Group room. I still have to get a projector and whiteboard, maybe an interactive one if budget permits. I do not have a ping-pong table. Yet.Example cupboard of PA and phonics teaching resources.Main storage area, please note powerful, brand new stick vacuum cleaner, because children. Also emergency banana Paddle Pops, as I once shared a house with Laurence Mooney, who says any food with the word “pops” in it makes you instantly happy. I believe him.Kitchen stuff, to encourage the bringing and making of healthy lunches.I like to give little kids an opportunity to make their parents a nice air latte in the waiting room. Will get a bookshelf to replace the cardboard box. And comfy couch or two.This is my office, note the standing desk, which we are all having, because sitting down too much is bad for your health.FacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedinemailShare this...This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Employment at Spelfabet, jobs at Spelfabet, Office manager job, Receptionist job, Speech Pathology job in North Fitzroy, Speech Pathology job Melbourne's inner north, work at Spelfabet on January 16, 2019 by alison.	Post navigation← Shallow and deep phonics Budget embedded picture mnemonics →5 thoughts on “Now advertising: jobs at Spelfabet in North Fitzroy”	Emma Nahna January 17, 2019 at 2:17 pmMy dream job Alison! Cracked up all the way through this post, especially the “brand new stick vacuum” Clinic looks amazing, jealous of your resource room (in the nicest possible way). All the best building your dream team. I would totally bake birthday cakes between watching David Kilpatrick on YouTube in my spare time if I could work there!Reply ↓	alison Post author January 22, 2019 at 11:13 pmThanks! Children drop a lot of crumbs and the stick vacuum cleaner has revolutionised my approach to them, why was it not invented 30 years ago?! David Kilpatrick is coming here this year, sorry not sorry if that makes you jealous too. Maybe you could start nagging now for a junket, erm, I mean professional development trip, it’s in the second half of the year? AlisonReply ↓	Christine Sarandis April 11, 2019 at 8:36 amI’m going to definitely go to that! Thanks for the tip.Reply ↓	Chris Sarandis January 17, 2019 at 5:13 pmIf I was a speech therapist or an office manager I would love to work with you! As a literacy intervention teacher, I find your blog posts so interesting and helpful. Thanks AlisonReply ↓	Alison Cannon March 1, 2019 at 6:56 pmDitto to all the above. It’s enough to make a girl quit her job in Asia and move home (my house is in Nth Fitzroy !). I could walk to work at my dream job, and spend my whole day learning amazing literacy related information. Time to regret the mortgage debt that keeps me here 🙁Reply ↓	Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Subscribe to newsletterNotify me of follow-up comments by email.Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.The Spelfabet shop has affordable, downloadable spelling teaching resources.SUBSCRIBE HERESearch for:Recent PostsJanuary 2021 holiday groupsPhonics stocking stufferSurvey (with amazing prizes) of our local schoolsHave you signed the Primary Reading Pledge?Telling the Spelfabet storyCategoriesCategories Select Category assessment blending and segmenting books consonants curricula Fun funding hard words literacy problems misspellings new words phonics activities phonics games research reviews sound-letter links sounds spellings syllables teaching strategies theory UK/US spellings Uncategorized vowels whole language word attackSubscribe via RSSBlogBlog Select Month December 2020 October 2020 September 2020 August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 February 2019 January 2019 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012Site hosted and maintained by CBDWeb"
