"Director & Senior Counsel Employment Practice at Discover - WORK180WORK180 uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue browsing to accept our use of cookiesGot itDirector & Senior Counsel Employment PracticeLast updated 17 days agoLocation:Riverwoods, IllinoisDiscover. A brighter future.With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.Job DescriptionDiscover Financial Services is a direct banking and payment services company with one of the most recognized brands in U.S. financial services. Since its inception in 1986, the company has become one of the largest card issuers in the United States. The company issues the Discover card, America's cash rewards pioneer, and offers private student loans, personal loans, home equity loans, checking and savings accounts and certificates of deposit through its direct banking business. It operates the Discover Global Network comprised of Discover Network, with millions of merchant and cash access locations; PULSE, one of the nation's leading ATM/debit networks; and Diners Club International, a global payments network with acceptance in 190 countries and territories.Discover’s vision is to be the leading direct bank and payments partner and its mission is to help people spend smarter, manage debt better and save more so they achieve a brighter financial future.At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers, and which is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.Position Description:The Director and Sr. Counsel is responsible for providing strategic and day-to-day employment law support to Human Resources and Business Unit management on an array of matters regarding Equal Employment Opportunity practices, practices, employee leave administration, fair labor practices, disability and religious accommodations, reductions in force, diversity, equity, inclusion, diversity, and Affirmative Action, as well as performance management, and terminations. The role includes advising in-house business partners on matters in the US, EMEA, APAC, and LATAM. This includes investigating and responding to charges of discrimination, wage claims and other employment-related claims. In addition, the Sr. Counsel will manage the representation of the company before various employment venues, including state, federal and international government agencies.The Director will also manage outside counsel and other experts as necessary, monitor legislative and regulatory developments, and write legal memoranda for business partners to ensure timely compliance with evolving legal requirements.Responsibilities:Exercises prudent discretion and decision-making skills by advising business clients on strategic and complex issues and requirements applicable to assigned role (e.g., Legal Counsel, Risk, Government Relations, Exam Management), such as on new initiatives, business process reviews, compliance with laws, regulations, policies and procedures, contract review and analysis, training, corrective actions, risk and issues raised in governance committees.Manages and develops teams, as assigned and required by role at management’s discretion, to achieve Law’s Mission and Discover’s business objectives.Identifies, assesses, communicates, and provides oversight and strategic guidance on new or proposed legal and regulatory requirements, emerging legal and regulatory risks and trends.Exercises prudent discretion and decision-making to represent and/or advocate on the company’s behalf before regulatory or judicial bodies, as necessary, or in dealings with counter- parties on matters such as litigation, commercial transactions, regulatory examinations and supervisory matters, comment letters and position papers on proposed regulations, and legislation that may impact the company.Manages resources, as assigned, including overhead, outside counsel and other budgets to achieve Law’s financial goals.Provides legal and risk-mitigation advice on matters related to the employment lifecycle (i.e.,Shared Services, Compensation and Benefits, Talent Acquisition, Talent Development and HR Consulting, Training and Diversity, and Employee Relations) including EEO, FMLA, FLSA, ADAAA, ADEA, Equal Pay, Diversity and Inclusion, Affirmative Action, Performance Management and Terminations.Handles all phases of complaints related to terms or conditions of employment, including internal matters, charges, demand letters, wage claims, lawsuits and other employment related claims.Assists in pre-litigation and litigation activities, includes working with litigation team and outside counsel to develop strategies to defend, resolve and prevent various forms of employment- related disputes.Requirements:J.D. degree required.6+ years of experience in employment law or labor law#LI-ML2What are you waiting for? Apply today!The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.Industry Banking, Investment & FinanceCompany size 10,001+Website Careers page View employee benefits View all open jobsShare this jobWORK180About usIn the mediaContact usWhat job seekers sayEndorsed employersWhat employers sayPopular industriesBanking, Investment & FinanceConsulting & Professional ServicesIT, Digital & Online Media ServicesScience & BiotechnologyOur initiativesJob seeker resourcesJoin the conversationSubscribe to our newslettersPrivacy Terms of use Advertiser terms & conditions Social media terms Cookie policy© 2021 WORK180"
