"Jobs | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit NowFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.	1 jobs found	Email me jobs like this	Refine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchassistant director security exe levASSISTANT DIRECTOR (EXE LEV)- MARKETING DIRECTORHOUSTON AIRPORT SYSTEM Houston, ‎Texas, United StatesPOSITION OVERVIEW PN# 24745: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR - MARKETING DIRECTOR (Exec Level) Applications accepted from: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED Reporting Location: 16930 John F. Kennedy Blvd. * Workdays & Hours: Monday Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. * *Subject to change DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Under general direction of the Chief MARKETING, AIR SERVICE DEVELOPMENT & COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER, the Assistant Director- Marketing is responsible for supports administrative and strategic needs required for continued operational success within the Marketing, Air Service Development, and Communications (MAC) Division. The Marketing Director will develop, initiate, and lead marketing strategies for the Houston Airports. The includes developing the overall strategic marketing plan, building the annual budget required for the marketing team, and managing all marketing team members and associated projects. Expected outcomes include: Develop and implement a unified marketing strategy. Incorporating traditional and product-specific marketing (such as Parking), the Marketing Director develops the strategy from which the marketing team will operate. This will include action plans to meet the goals of the organization. The overarching strategic goal for the marketing team is to develop customer profiles and understand and anticipate our customers (passengers) needs. Implement fully functional CRM system-in partnership with the Technology Division-to store, access and fully utilize all customer data. The Marketing Director will lead the teams' efforts in partnership with Technology to implement and utilize a new CRM suite (Salesforce). The Marketing Director will further work with Technology and the marketing team's two analysts to transition all existing customer data to this new/updated platform including data sources such as the frequent parker program, parking reservation system data, parking license plate recognition data, wi-fi/Bluetooth data, etc. Oversee & further develop existing brand and management of its use - Ensure the existing HAS brand standards are communicated and used throughout the organization. The Marketing Director will lead the teams' effort to add or update resources for use by other business units (such as updating PowerPoint templates for internal and external use). The Marketing Director further ensures that all HAS promotions, advertisements, public announcements, etc. utilize the brand standards in the appropriate manner. All marketing creative must be approved by the Marketing Director. Cross examine existing passenger profile information with Skytrax results after February 2021 audit to develop potential roadmap for improvement in advance of the 2022 Skytrax audit. The MAC Deputy Director and marketing team leads a strategic retreat with Senior Leadership of the organization to present the Skytrax findings, illustrating alignment with existing customer data to demonstrate the areas which will add the most value. The intent is to guide the strategic discussion with the organization to lay out our Skytrax improvement plan for 2022. The plan will be implemented primarily by the Terminal Management Division, with the support of MAC Division for any items related to our areas of expertise. Determine the future road for customer satisfaction surveys. Evaluate existing JD Powers data and information that are provided from recent years waves of surveys (1-2 waves per year). Evaluate other potential options for gathering customer service measures. Work with Technology where appropriate for potential in-airport survey opportunities (i.e. iPads to ask if passengers felt \"safe\" on their journey through the airport today\"). Coordinate results and responsive action plans for HAS with Terminal Management Division. Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required. WORKING CONDITIONS There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL Requires a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Public Administration or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE Seven years of professional experience in business administration, management or a closely related field are required, with at least four of those years in a managerial capacity. A Master's degree may be substituted for two years of experience. LICENSE None PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with: A minimum of 7-years in strategic marketing leadership role within a large organization. Specific experience in a leadership role developing and maintaining a brand. 7+ years developing strategic marketing programs. 7+ years of proven marketing experience for an airport entity (or aviation industry) preferred. 5+ years of experience with CRM, including initiation, implementation, and use in a strategic marketing program are required. Self-motivated work style, able to handle large projects with minimal supervision. Previous experience related to loyalty program development is preferred. *Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TEST REQUIRED Application review and/or interview. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. Pay Grade 32 APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during posting opening and closing dates shown. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm . For application status inquiries please contact (281) 233-1839. To reach a live specialist pertaining technical support please contact (855) 524-5627.If you need special services or accommodations, call (281) 233-1839. (TTY 7-1-1) Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, with specific instructions, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. EEO Equal Employment Opportunity: The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/30/2021 12:00 AM CentralJan 16, 2021Full TimePOSITION OVERVIEW PN# 24745: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR - MARKETING DIRECTOR (Exec Level) Applications accepted from: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED Reporting Location: 16930 John F. Kennedy Blvd. * Workdays & Hours: Monday Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. * *Subject to change DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Under general direction of the Chief MARKETING, AIR SERVICE DEVELOPMENT & COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER, the Assistant Director- Marketing is responsible for supports administrative and strategic needs required for continued operational success within the Marketing, Air Service Development, and Communications (MAC) Division. The Marketing Director will develop, initiate, and lead marketing strategies for the Houston Airports. The includes developing the overall strategic marketing plan, building the annual budget required for the marketing team, and managing all marketing team members and associated projects. Expected outcomes include: Develop and implement a unified marketing strategy. Incorporating traditional and product-specific marketing (such as Parking), the Marketing Director develops the strategy from which the marketing team will operate. This will include action plans to meet the goals of the organization. The overarching strategic goal for the marketing team is to develop customer profiles and understand and anticipate our customers (passengers) needs. Implement fully functional CRM system-in partnership with the Technology Division-to store, access and fully utilize all customer data. The Marketing Director will lead the teams' efforts in partnership with Technology to implement and utilize a new CRM suite (Salesforce). The Marketing Director will further work with Technology and the marketing team's two analysts to transition all existing customer data to this new/updated platform including data sources such as the frequent parker program, parking reservation system data, parking license plate recognition data, wi-fi/Bluetooth data, etc. Oversee & further develop existing brand and management of its use - Ensure the existing HAS brand standards are communicated and used throughout the organization. The Marketing Director will lead the teams' effort to add or update resources for use by other business units (such as updating PowerPoint templates for internal and external use). The Marketing Director further ensures that all HAS promotions, advertisements, public announcements, etc. utilize the brand standards in the appropriate manner. All marketing creative must be approved by the Marketing Director. Cross examine existing passenger profile information with Skytrax results after February 2021 audit to develop potential roadmap for improvement in advance of the 2022 Skytrax audit. The MAC Deputy Director and marketing team leads a strategic retreat with Senior Leadership of the organization to present the Skytrax findings, illustrating alignment with existing customer data to demonstrate the areas which will add the most value. The intent is to guide the strategic discussion with the organization to lay out our Skytrax improvement plan for 2022. The plan will be implemented primarily by the Terminal Management Division, with the support of MAC Division for any items related to our areas of expertise. Determine the future road for customer satisfaction surveys. Evaluate existing JD Powers data and information that are provided from recent years waves of surveys (1-2 waves per year). Evaluate other potential options for gathering customer service measures. Work with Technology where appropriate for potential in-airport survey opportunities (i.e. iPads to ask if passengers felt \"safe\" on their journey through the airport today\"). Coordinate results and responsive action plans for HAS with Terminal Management Division. Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required. WORKING CONDITIONS There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL Requires a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Public Administration or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE Seven years of professional experience in business administration, management or a closely related field are required, with at least four of those years in a managerial capacity. A Master's degree may be substituted for two years of experience. LICENSE None PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with: A minimum of 7-years in strategic marketing leadership role within a large organization. Specific experience in a leadership role developing and maintaining a brand. 7+ years developing strategic marketing programs. 7+ years of proven marketing experience for an airport entity (or aviation industry) preferred. 5+ years of experience with CRM, including initiation, implementation, and use in a strategic marketing program are required. Self-motivated work style, able to handle large projects with minimal supervision. Previous experience related to loyalty program development is preferred. *Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TEST REQUIRED Application review and/or interview. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. Pay Grade 32 APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during posting opening and closing dates shown. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm . For application status inquiries please contact (281) 233-1839. To reach a live specialist pertaining technical support please contact (855) 524-5627.If you need special services or accommodations, call (281) 233-1839. (TTY 7-1-1) Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, with specific instructions, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. EEO Equal Employment Opportunity: The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/30/2021 12:00 AM CentralHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	Load more	Modal WindowEmployer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES© 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
