"Jobs in Indiana | National Guard JobsHOMEAPPLY NOWJOB BLOGCAREERSNATIONALGUARD.COMSign inSign upHOMEAPPLY NOWJOB BLOGCAREERSNATIONALGUARD.COMModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs273 jobs found in indianaRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like this74D Chemical Operations SpecialistIndiana - Army National Guard Remington, IN 47977, USAJoin the frontlines to protect against some of the world’s most powerful threats. As a Chemical Operations Specialist for the Army National Guard, you will support the country during natural disaster relief efforts and safeguard the nation from chemical and biological warfare. To perform these functions, you will be trained to expertly handle nuclear, biological, and chemical (NBC) detection and decontamination equipment so you can assist in the application of NBC defense measures. You will also be asked to maintain disaster plans, operate and perform maintenance on smoke generating equipment, and coordinate with civilian personnel on what to do in an emergency. Job Duties • Provide training advice and supervision regarding CBRN equipment and operations Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Operation of CBRN decontamination, defense, detection, and monitoring equipment • Wear and use of protective equipment • Hazardous Material...Jan 04, 2021Join the frontlines to protect against some of the world’s most powerful threats. As a Chemical Operations Specialist for the Army National Guard, you will support the country during natural disaster relief efforts and safeguard the nation from chemical and biological warfare. To perform these functions, you will be trained to expertly handle nuclear, biological, and chemical (NBC) detection and decontamination equipment so you can assist in the application of NBC defense measures. You will also be asked to maintain disaster plans, operate and perform maintenance on smoke generating equipment, and coordinate with civilian personnel on what to do in an emergency. Job Duties • Provide training advice and supervision regarding CBRN equipment and operations Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Operation of CBRN decontamination, defense, detection, and monitoring equipment • Wear and use of protective equipment • Hazardous Material...91B Light-Wheel Vehicle MechanicIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USAAs a Light-Wheel Vehicle Mechanic for the Army National Guard you’ll ensure that anything that moves on wheels is ready to hit the road. In this role, you will primarily be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance and recovery operations on wheeled vehicles in the field and in the shop. Your duties will include inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, testing, adjusting, and replacing of systems and components; performing recovery operations, and servicing electrical systems; including wiring harness and charging systems. Job Duties • Maintain wheeled vehicles associated trailers and material handling equipment systems • Service automotive electrical systems, including wiring harness, and starting and charging systems Helpful Skills • Interest in troubleshooting and repairing mechanical problems • Interest in automotive engines and how they work Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy...Jan 04, 2021As a Light-Wheel Vehicle Mechanic for the Army National Guard you’ll ensure that anything that moves on wheels is ready to hit the road. In this role, you will primarily be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance and recovery operations on wheeled vehicles in the field and in the shop. Your duties will include inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, testing, adjusting, and replacing of systems and components; performing recovery operations, and servicing electrical systems; including wiring harness and charging systems. Job Duties • Maintain wheeled vehicles associated trailers and material handling equipment systems • Service automotive electrical systems, including wiring harness, and starting and charging systems Helpful Skills • Interest in troubleshooting and repairing mechanical problems • Interest in automotive engines and how they work Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy...91C Utilities Equipment RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USAIf you’re interested in a maintenance career, join the Army National Guard as a Utilities Equipment Repairer and help keep operations running smoothly on and off the battlefield. Your primary responsibility will be to maintain and repair utilities equipment and special-purpose support systems. Some of your duties may include maintaining, testing, and repairing electric motors; inspecting and repairing electrical equipment; inspecting and repairing electric instruments, replacing worn gaskets and sealing in watertight electrical equipment; and maintaining and repairing gasoline engine systems, air conditioner electrical systems, and portable heater fuel/electrical systems. Job Duties • Inspect and repair air conditioner electrical systems, air conditioner vapor systems, refrigeration unit electrical systems, portable heater fuel/electrical systems, fire extinguisher recharging systems and fire extinguishers/valves Through your training, you will develop the...Jan 04, 2021If you’re interested in a maintenance career, join the Army National Guard as a Utilities Equipment Repairer and help keep operations running smoothly on and off the battlefield. Your primary responsibility will be to maintain and repair utilities equipment and special-purpose support systems. Some of your duties may include maintaining, testing, and repairing electric motors; inspecting and repairing electrical equipment; inspecting and repairing electric instruments, replacing worn gaskets and sealing in watertight electrical equipment; and maintaining and repairing gasoline engine systems, air conditioner electrical systems, and portable heater fuel/electrical systems. Job Duties • Inspect and repair air conditioner electrical systems, air conditioner vapor systems, refrigeration unit electrical systems, portable heater fuel/electrical systems, fire extinguisher recharging systems and fire extinguishers/valves Through your training, you will develop the...91D Power-Generation Equipment RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USASince the Army National Guard uses a plethora of electronic systems, power is essential to success. As the Power-Generation Equipment Repairer, you’ll supply the power to run virtually every aspect of Army activity whenever and wherever it’s needed. In this specialty, you’ll support military operations day or night by performing preventive maintenance checks on generation equipment, or replace voltage regulators, governors, or circuit cards. You may also adjust frequencies and voltages using technical publications to enhance equipment efficiency. Job Duties • Perform maintenance on tactical utility, precise power-generation sets, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Generator and powerplant operations • Electrical generation and distribution • Diesel generator operation, disassembly, inspection, and maintenance • Principles of electrical and electronic circuitry...Jan 04, 2021Since the Army National Guard uses a plethora of electronic systems, power is essential to success. As the Power-Generation Equipment Repairer, you’ll supply the power to run virtually every aspect of Army activity whenever and wherever it’s needed. In this specialty, you’ll support military operations day or night by performing preventive maintenance checks on generation equipment, or replace voltage regulators, governors, or circuit cards. You may also adjust frequencies and voltages using technical publications to enhance equipment efficiency. Job Duties • Perform maintenance on tactical utility, precise power-generation sets, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Generator and powerplant operations • Electrical generation and distribution • Diesel generator operation, disassembly, inspection, and maintenance • Principles of electrical and electronic circuitry...92A Automated Logistical Specialist - Supply ChainIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USAKeeping the back of house in order is a key factor in successful mission planning. As an Automated Logistical Specialist in the Army National Guard, you will maximize your organizational skills and learn the ins and outs of supply chain management. From storage and distribution to warehouse management, your primary responsibility will be to supervise and perform specific functions in order to maintain equipment records and parts. Major duties include: establishing and maintaining records (stock lists, inventory, material control, etc.), maintaining stock locator system and administering document control procedures, processing requests and turn-in documents, performing prescribed load-list and shop-stock list duties in manual and automated supply applications, and operating material-handling equipment. Job Duties • Construct bins, shelving and other storage aids • Simplify and standardize the collection and use of maintenance data • Raise the quality and...Jan 04, 2021Keeping the back of house in order is a key factor in successful mission planning. As an Automated Logistical Specialist in the Army National Guard, you will maximize your organizational skills and learn the ins and outs of supply chain management. From storage and distribution to warehouse management, your primary responsibility will be to supervise and perform specific functions in order to maintain equipment records and parts. Major duties include: establishing and maintaining records (stock lists, inventory, material control, etc.), maintaining stock locator system and administering document control procedures, processing requests and turn-in documents, performing prescribed load-list and shop-stock list duties in manual and automated supply applications, and operating material-handling equipment. Job Duties • Construct bins, shelving and other storage aids • Simplify and standardize the collection and use of maintenance data • Raise the quality and...94A Land Combat Electronic Missile System RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USAHighly-mobile missile launchers give the Army National Guard a powerful edge on the battlefield. As the Land Combat Electronic Missile System Repairer, it’s your responsibility to keep these launchers in top fighting shape by testing and repairing missile electronic assemblies and tracking systems. In this role, you will work primarily on the TOW antimissile system, the DRAGON antitank guided missile systems, and the Bradley Fighting Vehicle systems. Other duties include testing instruments and navigational controls, reading technical diagrams and manuals to locate and repair instrument parts, and replacing equipment parts. You will also perform quality control, inspect and maintain units, and repair unserviceable items. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Land Combat Electronic Missile System Repairers take on more challenging projects, including training and supervising other Soldiers, providing technical assistance, installing equipment...Jan 04, 2021Highly-mobile missile launchers give the Army National Guard a powerful edge on the battlefield. As the Land Combat Electronic Missile System Repairer, it’s your responsibility to keep these launchers in top fighting shape by testing and repairing missile electronic assemblies and tracking systems. In this role, you will work primarily on the TOW antimissile system, the DRAGON antitank guided missile systems, and the Bradley Fighting Vehicle systems. Other duties include testing instruments and navigational controls, reading technical diagrams and manuals to locate and repair instrument parts, and replacing equipment parts. You will also perform quality control, inspect and maintain units, and repair unserviceable items. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Land Combat Electronic Missile System Repairers take on more challenging projects, including training and supervising other Soldiers, providing technical assistance, installing equipment...94E Radio and Communications Security RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USAIt’s extremely important that Army National Guard communications don’t fall into the wrong hands. As the Radio and Communications Security Repairer, you will maintain the equipment and systems that ensure Army National Guard units can communicate over secure channels. Your duties will include installing and repairing circuits and wiring, calibrating and aligning equipment components, and stringing overhead cables between utility poles. Other duties include repairing systems, performing equipment tests, and performing preventive maintenance checks and services on equipment. Advanced Radio and Communications Security Repairers take on more challenging projects, including training and supervising other Soldiers, testing equipment, performing complex repairs, and ensuring that the National Security Agency-approved components are used in communication security/controlled cryptographic item repairs. Job Duties • Use test, measurement, and diagnostic equipment;...Jan 04, 2021It’s extremely important that Army National Guard communications don’t fall into the wrong hands. As the Radio and Communications Security Repairer, you will maintain the equipment and systems that ensure Army National Guard units can communicate over secure channels. Your duties will include installing and repairing circuits and wiring, calibrating and aligning equipment components, and stringing overhead cables between utility poles. Other duties include repairing systems, performing equipment tests, and performing preventive maintenance checks and services on equipment. Advanced Radio and Communications Security Repairers take on more challenging projects, including training and supervising other Soldiers, testing equipment, performing complex repairs, and ensuring that the National Security Agency-approved components are used in communication security/controlled cryptographic item repairs. Job Duties • Use test, measurement, and diagnostic equipment;...94M Radar RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Richmond, IN 47374, USARadar is the Army National Guard's eyes and ears, providing critical information officers need to make decisions that affect everyone in the field. The Radar Repairer is essential to communication operations, ensuring these messages are heard loud and clear. Being a vital asset to the communications maintenance team, you will develop a working knowledge of how to operate military radar equipment and how to install, maintain, and repair it. Your duties will include troubleshooting and testing radar systems using electronic and electrical test equipment; understanding air traffic control, missile tracking, air defense, and other radar systems, as well as the ability to repair them; installing receivers, transmitters, and other components; and preparing and maintaining equipment logs. Job Duties • Inspect, test, and adjust system components, and test equipment to specific tolerances • Perform initial, in-process, on-site technical, and quality control inspections...Jan 04, 2021Radar is the Army National Guard's eyes and ears, providing critical information officers need to make decisions that affect everyone in the field. The Radar Repairer is essential to communication operations, ensuring these messages are heard loud and clear. Being a vital asset to the communications maintenance team, you will develop a working knowledge of how to operate military radar equipment and how to install, maintain, and repair it. Your duties will include troubleshooting and testing radar systems using electronic and electrical test equipment; understanding air traffic control, missile tracking, air defense, and other radar systems, as well as the ability to repair them; installing receivers, transmitters, and other components; and preparing and maintaining equipment logs. Job Duties • Inspect, test, and adjust system components, and test equipment to specific tolerances • Perform initial, in-process, on-site technical, and quality control inspections...13B Cannon Crewmember - Weapons Systems TechnicianIndiana - Army National Guard Rockville, IN 47872, USAAs a Cannon Crewmember in the Army National Guard, you join a team that ensures the U.S. maintains its battlefield superiority. You’ll deliver decisive blows to the enemy using howitzers and learn how to use high-tech cannon artillery weapons systems, plus artillery tactics and strategy. And as your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Crewmembers supervise other crewmembers in the distribution of ammunition, as well as manage cannon operations, training, and maintenance. Job Duties • Conducting wire and radio communications • Identifying target locations • Setting, loading, and firing artillery • Using computers to generate fire direction data • Operating heavy and light wheeled trucks and tracked vehicles • Transporting and managing artillery ammunition • Maintaining operational readiness of vehicles and equipment • Participate in reconnaissance operations Helpful Skills • Physically and...Jan 04, 2021As a Cannon Crewmember in the Army National Guard, you join a team that ensures the U.S. maintains its battlefield superiority. You’ll deliver decisive blows to the enemy using howitzers and learn how to use high-tech cannon artillery weapons systems, plus artillery tactics and strategy. And as your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Crewmembers supervise other crewmembers in the distribution of ammunition, as well as manage cannon operations, training, and maintenance. Job Duties • Conducting wire and radio communications • Identifying target locations • Setting, loading, and firing artillery • Using computers to generate fire direction data • Operating heavy and light wheeled trucks and tracked vehicles • Transporting and managing artillery ammunition • Maintaining operational readiness of vehicles and equipment • Participate in reconnaissance operations Helpful Skills • Physically and...13J Fire Control SpecialistIndiana - Army National Guard Rockville, IN 47872, USAJOINT Automated Systems are tools that help provide strategic coordination and situational awareness at the tactical levels of combat. As a Fire Control Specialist, your primary responsibility will be to integrate and process information from multiple users by utilizing the JOINT system and other automated systems used by the Army National Guard. Job Duties • Operate communications systems • Primary tactical data system operations • Database management • Fire mission processing Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Computing target locations • Operating gun, missile, and rocket systems • Artillery tactics Helpful Skills • Interest in cannon and rocket operations • Physically and mentally fit to perform under pressure • Ability to multitask • Capable of working as a team member Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in computer programming or...Jan 04, 2021JOINT Automated Systems are tools that help provide strategic coordination and situational awareness at the tactical levels of combat. As a Fire Control Specialist, your primary responsibility will be to integrate and process information from multiple users by utilizing the JOINT system and other automated systems used by the Army National Guard. Job Duties • Operate communications systems • Primary tactical data system operations • Database management • Fire mission processing Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Computing target locations • Operating gun, missile, and rocket systems • Artillery tactics Helpful Skills • Interest in cannon and rocket operations • Physically and mentally fit to perform under pressure • Ability to multitask • Capable of working as a team member Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in computer programming or...11B Infantryman - Management TrainingIndiana - Army National Guard Salem, IN 47167, USAThe Infantry is the backbone of the Army. These Soldiers fill the literal boots on the ground who are responsible for taking or holding ground during any combat operation. You’ll attack, repel, and capture enemy ground forces using advanced weapons and tactics. Job Duties • Assist in reconnaissance operations • Employ, fire, and recover anti-personnel and anti-tank mines • Operate weapon systems under various conditions, including engaging targets using night vision sights • Operate and maintain communications equipment • Perform as a member of a fire team during training and combat missions • Process prisoners of war and captured documents • Aid in the mobilization of vehicles, troops, and weaponry • Use, maintain, and store combat weapons (e.g., rifles, machine guns, anti-tank mines, etc.) Helpful Skills • Willingness to accept challenges • Ability to perform well under stress • Physically and...Jan 04, 2021The Infantry is the backbone of the Army. These Soldiers fill the literal boots on the ground who are responsible for taking or holding ground during any combat operation. You’ll attack, repel, and capture enemy ground forces using advanced weapons and tactics. Job Duties • Assist in reconnaissance operations • Employ, fire, and recover anti-personnel and anti-tank mines • Operate weapon systems under various conditions, including engaging targets using night vision sights • Operate and maintain communications equipment • Perform as a member of a fire team during training and combat missions • Process prisoners of war and captured documents • Aid in the mobilization of vehicles, troops, and weaponry • Use, maintain, and store combat weapons (e.g., rifles, machine guns, anti-tank mines, etc.) Helpful Skills • Willingness to accept challenges • Ability to perform well under stress • Physically and...11C Indirect Fire InfantrymanIndiana - Army National Guard Salem, IN 47167, USAAs an Army National Guard Indirect Fire Infantryman, you'll be in charge of the Infantry’s most powerful weapon – the mortar. As part of a mortar squad, section, or platoon, you will perform challenging activities that may include parachuting from a troop transport airplane to access locations where you will construct mortars and camouflage their positions. You’ll also locate and neutralize enemy mines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers, lead and control mortar squads, provide tactical and technical guidance to subordinates, and supervise the construction of mortar positions. Advanced Indirect Fire Infantrymen are responsible for receiving and implementing combat orders, directing Soldiers in offensive and defensive operations, and requesting, observing, and adjusting indirect supporting fire. Job Duties • Set up, load, and fire three types of mortars • Employ crew...Jan 04, 2021As an Army National Guard Indirect Fire Infantryman, you'll be in charge of the Infantry’s most powerful weapon – the mortar. As part of a mortar squad, section, or platoon, you will perform challenging activities that may include parachuting from a troop transport airplane to access locations where you will construct mortars and camouflage their positions. You’ll also locate and neutralize enemy mines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers, lead and control mortar squads, provide tactical and technical guidance to subordinates, and supervise the construction of mortar positions. Advanced Indirect Fire Infantrymen are responsible for receiving and implementing combat orders, directing Soldiers in offensive and defensive operations, and requesting, observing, and adjusting indirect supporting fire. Job Duties • Set up, load, and fire three types of mortars • Employ crew...91B Light-Wheel Vehicle MechanicIndiana - Army National Guard Scottsburg, IN 47170, USAAs a Light-Wheel Vehicle Mechanic for the Army National Guard you’ll ensure that anything that moves on wheels is ready to hit the road. In this role, you will primarily be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance and recovery operations on wheeled vehicles in the field and in the shop. Your duties will include inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, testing, adjusting, and replacing of systems and components; performing recovery operations, and servicing electrical systems; including wiring harness and charging systems. Job Duties • Maintain wheeled vehicles associated trailers and material handling equipment systems • Service automotive electrical systems, including wiring harness, and starting and charging systems Helpful Skills • Interest in troubleshooting and repairing mechanical problems • Interest in automotive engines and how they work Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy...Jan 04, 2021As a Light-Wheel Vehicle Mechanic for the Army National Guard you’ll ensure that anything that moves on wheels is ready to hit the road. In this role, you will primarily be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance and recovery operations on wheeled vehicles in the field and in the shop. Your duties will include inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, testing, adjusting, and replacing of systems and components; performing recovery operations, and servicing electrical systems; including wiring harness and charging systems. Job Duties • Maintain wheeled vehicles associated trailers and material handling equipment systems • Service automotive electrical systems, including wiring harness, and starting and charging systems Helpful Skills • Interest in troubleshooting and repairing mechanical problems • Interest in automotive engines and how they work Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy...91D Power-Generation Equipment RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Scottsburg, IN 47170, USASince the Army National Guard uses a plethora of electronic systems, power is essential to success. As the Power-Generation Equipment Repairer, you’ll supply the power to run virtually every aspect of Army activity whenever and wherever it’s needed. In this specialty, you’ll support military operations day or night by performing preventive maintenance checks on generation equipment, or replace voltage regulators, governors, or circuit cards. You may also adjust frequencies and voltages using technical publications to enhance equipment efficiency. Job Duties • Perform maintenance on tactical utility, precise power-generation sets, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Generator and powerplant operations • Electrical generation and distribution • Diesel generator operation, disassembly, inspection, and maintenance • Principles of electrical and electronic circuitry...Jan 04, 2021Since the Army National Guard uses a plethora of electronic systems, power is essential to success. As the Power-Generation Equipment Repairer, you’ll supply the power to run virtually every aspect of Army activity whenever and wherever it’s needed. In this specialty, you’ll support military operations day or night by performing preventive maintenance checks on generation equipment, or replace voltage regulators, governors, or circuit cards. You may also adjust frequencies and voltages using technical publications to enhance equipment efficiency. Job Duties • Perform maintenance on tactical utility, precise power-generation sets, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Generator and powerplant operations • Electrical generation and distribution • Diesel generator operation, disassembly, inspection, and maintenance • Principles of electrical and electronic circuitry...91L Construction Vehicle RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Scottsburg, IN 47170, USAIf you’ve ever considered a career in maintaining heavy machinery, join the Army National Guard as a Construction Vehicle Repairer and help pave the way for success. In this role, you will maintain trucks, bulldozers, power shovels, and other heavy equipment needed for construction operations. As a Construction Vehicle Repairer you will maintain and replace brake actuators, batteries, starter motors, alternators, mechanical fuel pumps, and hydraulic cylinders; adjust engine speed governor/valves, carburetors, dry-disc clutches, steering brakes, and fuel injector racks; charge suspension accumulators, transmission shift accumulators, and main hydraulic accumulators; troubleshoot problems in vehicle engines, electrical systems, steering, brakes, and suspensions; tune up and repair engines; replace or repair damaged body parts, hydraulic arms, shovels, and grader blades; and establish and follow maintenance schedules. Job Duties • Service drive shafts, universal...Jan 04, 2021If you’ve ever considered a career in maintaining heavy machinery, join the Army National Guard as a Construction Vehicle Repairer and help pave the way for success. In this role, you will maintain trucks, bulldozers, power shovels, and other heavy equipment needed for construction operations. As a Construction Vehicle Repairer you will maintain and replace brake actuators, batteries, starter motors, alternators, mechanical fuel pumps, and hydraulic cylinders; adjust engine speed governor/valves, carburetors, dry-disc clutches, steering brakes, and fuel injector racks; charge suspension accumulators, transmission shift accumulators, and main hydraulic accumulators; troubleshoot problems in vehicle engines, electrical systems, steering, brakes, and suspensions; tune up and repair engines; replace or repair damaged body parts, hydraulic arms, shovels, and grader blades; and establish and follow maintenance schedules. Job Duties • Service drive shafts, universal...92F Petroleum Supply SpecialistIndiana - Army National Guard Scottsburg, IN 47170, USAFuel is one of the most vital components of the Army National Guard. It’s what keeps Soldiers pushing onward, and as a Petroleum Supply Specialist, you’ll make sure they’ll never run out. In this position, you will ensure the proper handling, storage, and shipment of petroleum-based products, such as oil, fuel, and compressed gas. Petroleum Supply Specialists primarily supervise and manage the reception, storage, and shipping of bulk or packaged petroleum products. This may include operating specialized pumping equipment to load trucks, ships, trains, and aircraft; selecting and submitting samples of petroleum-based products for testing; performing petroleum and water accounting activities; testing petroleum samples for contamination, repairing specialized equipment, and being knowledgeable about facility safety procedures and storage guidelines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Petroleum Supply Specialists take on management...Jan 04, 2021Fuel is one of the most vital components of the Army National Guard. It’s what keeps Soldiers pushing onward, and as a Petroleum Supply Specialist, you’ll make sure they’ll never run out. In this position, you will ensure the proper handling, storage, and shipment of petroleum-based products, such as oil, fuel, and compressed gas. Petroleum Supply Specialists primarily supervise and manage the reception, storage, and shipping of bulk or packaged petroleum products. This may include operating specialized pumping equipment to load trucks, ships, trains, and aircraft; selecting and submitting samples of petroleum-based products for testing; performing petroleum and water accounting activities; testing petroleum samples for contamination, repairing specialized equipment, and being knowledgeable about facility safety procedures and storage guidelines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Petroleum Supply Specialists take on management...94F Special Electronic Devices RepairerIndiana - Army National Guard Scottsburg, IN 47170, USAThe Army National Guard utilizes many forms of sophisticated equipment on and off the field. As a Special Electronic Devices Repairer, you will ensure that vital instruments and tools are meticulously maintained and operational. This includes night vision equipment, electronic distance and azimuth-orienting devices, battlefield illumination devices, nuclear, biological, and chemical warning and measuring devices, and others. Specific duties of the Special Electronic Devices Repairer include: testing instruments, navigational controls, and simulators; reading technical diagrams and manuals; replacing parts; ensuring quality control measures; and troubleshooting and inspecting equipment. Advanced level Special Electronic Devices Repairers are expected to supervise and train other Soldiers in the craft. Helpful Skills • Interest in mathematics, solving problems, and electronic equipment repair • Strong attention to detail Through your training, you will develop the...Jan 04, 2021The Army National Guard utilizes many forms of sophisticated equipment on and off the field. As a Special Electronic Devices Repairer, you will ensure that vital instruments and tools are meticulously maintained and operational. This includes night vision equipment, electronic distance and azimuth-orienting devices, battlefield illumination devices, nuclear, biological, and chemical warning and measuring devices, and others. Specific duties of the Special Electronic Devices Repairer include: testing instruments, navigational controls, and simulators; reading technical diagrams and manuals; replacing parts; ensuring quality control measures; and troubleshooting and inspecting equipment. Advanced level Special Electronic Devices Repairers are expected to supervise and train other Soldiers in the craft. Helpful Skills • Interest in mathematics, solving problems, and electronic equipment repair • Strong attention to detail Through your training, you will develop the...11B Infantryman - Management TrainingIndiana - Army National Guard Seymour, IN 47274, USAThe Infantry is the backbone of the Army. These Soldiers fill the literal boots on the ground who are responsible for taking or holding ground during any combat operation. You’ll attack, repel, and capture enemy ground forces using advanced weapons and tactics. Job Duties • Assist in reconnaissance operations • Employ, fire, and recover anti-personnel and anti-tank mines • Operate weapon systems under various conditions, including engaging targets using night vision sights • Operate and maintain communications equipment • Perform as a member of a fire team during training and combat missions • Process prisoners of war and captured documents • Aid in the mobilization of vehicles, troops, and weaponry • Use, maintain, and store combat weapons (e.g., rifles, machine guns, anti-tank mines, etc.) Helpful Skills • Willingness to accept challenges • Ability to perform well under stress • Physically and...Jan 04, 2021The Infantry is the backbone of the Army. These Soldiers fill the literal boots on the ground who are responsible for taking or holding ground during any combat operation. You’ll attack, repel, and capture enemy ground forces using advanced weapons and tactics. Job Duties • Assist in reconnaissance operations • Employ, fire, and recover anti-personnel and anti-tank mines • Operate weapon systems under various conditions, including engaging targets using night vision sights • Operate and maintain communications equipment • Perform as a member of a fire team during training and combat missions • Process prisoners of war and captured documents • Aid in the mobilization of vehicles, troops, and weaponry • Use, maintain, and store combat weapons (e.g., rifles, machine guns, anti-tank mines, etc.) Helpful Skills • Willingness to accept challenges • Ability to perform well under stress • Physically and...11C Indirect Fire InfantrymanIndiana - Army National Guard Seymour, IN 47274, USAAs an Army National Guard Indirect Fire Infantryman, you'll be in charge of the Infantry’s most powerful weapon – the mortar. As part of a mortar squad, section, or platoon, you will perform challenging activities that may include parachuting from a troop transport airplane to access locations where you will construct mortars and camouflage their positions. You’ll also locate and neutralize enemy mines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers, lead and control mortar squads, provide tactical and technical guidance to subordinates, and supervise the construction of mortar positions. Advanced Indirect Fire Infantrymen are responsible for receiving and implementing combat orders, directing Soldiers in offensive and defensive operations, and requesting, observing, and adjusting indirect supporting fire. Job Duties • Set up, load, and fire three types of mortars • Employ crew...Jan 04, 2021As an Army National Guard Indirect Fire Infantryman, you'll be in charge of the Infantry’s most powerful weapon – the mortar. As part of a mortar squad, section, or platoon, you will perform challenging activities that may include parachuting from a troop transport airplane to access locations where you will construct mortars and camouflage their positions. You’ll also locate and neutralize enemy mines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers, lead and control mortar squads, provide tactical and technical guidance to subordinates, and supervise the construction of mortar positions. Advanced Indirect Fire Infantrymen are responsible for receiving and implementing combat orders, directing Soldiers in offensive and defensive operations, and requesting, observing, and adjusting indirect supporting fire. Job Duties • Set up, load, and fire three types of mortars • Employ crew...14G Air Defense Battle Management System OperatorIndiana - Army National Guard Shelbyville, IN 46176, USADefend the skies using complex technology as an Air Defense Battle Management System Operator for the Army National Guard. You will primarily be responsible for integrating, operating, and maintaining multiple systems to detect aerial threats and communicate them to your crews. In this role, you will learn how to operate the Sentinel Radar system to provide warning, detection, and protection for armed forces, and will play a vital role in guarding against aerial and space-based attacks. Job Duties • Movement, placement, operation, and maintenance of the Sentinel Radar system in various locations and environments • Establish network interoperability with Allied, Joint, and other Air Defense units • Collect, integrate, and process tactical battlefield information from multiple users and sensors through a network of Army and Joint-service automated battle command systems • Provide airspace situational awareness, deconflict and clear airspace to ensure...Jan 04, 2021Defend the skies using complex technology as an Air Defense Battle Management System Operator for the Army National Guard. You will primarily be responsible for integrating, operating, and maintaining multiple systems to detect aerial threats and communicate them to your crews. In this role, you will learn how to operate the Sentinel Radar system to provide warning, detection, and protection for armed forces, and will play a vital role in guarding against aerial and space-based attacks. Job Duties • Movement, placement, operation, and maintenance of the Sentinel Radar system in various locations and environments • Establish network interoperability with Allied, Joint, and other Air Defense units • Collect, integrate, and process tactical battlefield information from multiple users and sensors through a network of Army and Joint-service automated battle command systems • Provide airspace situational awareness, deconflict and clear airspace to ensure...Load morePRIVACYELIGIBILITYCAREERSBENEFITS©2020 United States Army National Guard"
