"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.1970 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent SearchjobsMobilize Jobs USA (Finance)MobilizeJobs Washington, Washington DCMobilize Jobs USA (Finance)Looking for a #GrandAdventure in Tourism & Hospitality? JOIN US for The Great American Work Experience!Mobilize Jobs is a National Work & Travel program providing full-time placements with a variety of host locations across the country in roles like: Houskeeping & Room Attendant Bartender, Server, Host & Hostess Kitchen Steward, Line Cook & Dishwasher Front Desk, Guest Services & Concierge Hotel Porter, Maintenance & MORE! Our program is a great way to gain work experience while exploring another part of the country knowing that you have a job and FREE HOUSING. There are NO FEES for Job Seekers... All you have to do is pack your bag, arrange your travel, and get yourself to your new job!A THREE-WAY PARTNERSHIPMobilize Jobs works closely with our Placement Partners in each State when they need to find staff for a variety of jobs We post the job listings... We conduct interviews with eager Candidates like YOU... We hire and \"Mobilize\" successful candidates to a location that YOU can choose.We work as YOUR Job Search partner, guiding you through the entire process from the initial Interview, through all the paperwork & orientation, to getting your offer and contact confirmed.Then YOU \"Mobilize\" to the job, and create a successful partnership with the Host Location, for an EXCITING placement and a THRILLING adventure!FREE HOUSING INCLUDED Over the course of your placement, all housing costs will be covered by the Mobilize Jobs program. The program works in groups of \"Mobilizers,\" so if you have friends you would like to live, work and travel with, make sure you apply together! ELIGIBILITY* Candidates must: be 21 Years or older be legally able to work in any State have high school diploma or equivalent experience be willing to TRAVEL and have a sense of adventure!!! * This program is not suitable for students returning to school in September.Looking for a #GrandAdventure along your Tourism & Hospitality career path? It's #TimeToMobilize!!!Jan 13, 2021Full timeMobilize Jobs USA (Finance)Looking for a #GrandAdventure in Tourism & Hospitality? JOIN US for The Great American Work Experience!Mobilize Jobs is a National Work & Travel program providing full-time placements with a variety of host locations across the country in roles like: Houskeeping & Room Attendant Bartender, Server, Host & Hostess Kitchen Steward, Line Cook & Dishwasher Front Desk, Guest Services & Concierge Hotel Porter, Maintenance & MORE! Our program is a great way to gain work experience while exploring another part of the country knowing that you have a job and FREE HOUSING. There are NO FEES for Job Seekers... All you have to do is pack your bag, arrange your travel, and get yourself to your new job!A THREE-WAY PARTNERSHIPMobilize Jobs works closely with our Placement Partners in each State when they need to find staff for a variety of jobs We post the job listings... We conduct interviews with eager Candidates like YOU... We hire and \"Mobilize\" successful candidates to a location that YOU can choose.We work as YOUR Job Search partner, guiding you through the entire process from the initial Interview, through all the paperwork & orientation, to getting your offer and contact confirmed.Then YOU \"Mobilize\" to the job, and create a successful partnership with the Host Location, for an EXCITING placement and a THRILLING adventure!FREE HOUSING INCLUDED Over the course of your placement, all housing costs will be covered by the Mobilize Jobs program. The program works in groups of \"Mobilizers,\" so if you have friends you would like to live, work and travel with, make sure you apply together! ELIGIBILITY* Candidates must: be 21 Years or older be legally able to work in any State have high school diploma or equivalent experience be willing to TRAVEL and have a sense of adventure!!! * This program is not suitable for students returning to school in September.Looking for a #GrandAdventure along your Tourism & Hospitality career path? It's #TimeToMobilize!!!Mobilize Jobs USAMobilizeJobs Washington, Washington DCLooking for a #GrandAdventure in Tourism & Hospitality? JOIN US for The Great American Work Experience!Mobilize Jobs is a National Work & Travel program providing full-time placements with a variety of host locations across the country in roles like:Houskeeping & Room AttendantBartender, Server, Host & HostessKitchen Steward, Line Cook & DishwasherFront Desk, Guest Services & ConciergeHotel Porter, Maintenance & MORE!Our program is a great way to gain work experience while exploring another part of the country knowing that you have a job and FREE HOUSING. There are NO FEES for Job Seekers... All you have to do is pack your bag, arrange your travel, and get yourself to your new job!A THREE-WAY PARTNERSHIPMobilize Jobs works closely with our Placement Partners in each State when they need to find staff for a variety of jobs -- We post the job listings... We conduct interviews with eager Candidates like YOU... We hire and \"Mobilize\" successful candidates to a location that YOU can choose.We work as YOUR Job Search partner, guiding you through the entire process from the initial Interview, through all the paperwork & orientation, to getting your offer and contact confirmed.Then YOU \"Mobilize\" to the job, and create a successful partnership with the Host Location, for an EXCITING placement and a THRILLING adventure!FREE HOUSING INCLUDEDOver the course of your placement, all housing costs will be covered by the Mobilize Jobs program.The program works in groups of \"Mobilizers,\" so if you have friends you would like to live, work and travel with, make sure you apply together!ELIGIBILITY* -- Candidates must:be 21 Years or olderbe legally able to work in any Statehave high school diploma or equivalent experiencebe willing to TRAVEL and have a sense of adventure!!!* This program is not suitable for students returning to school in September.Looking for a #GrandAdventure along your Tourism & Hospitality career path? -- It's #TimeToMobilize!!!Jan 13, 2021Full timeLooking for a #GrandAdventure in Tourism & Hospitality? JOIN US for The Great American Work Experience!Mobilize Jobs is a National Work & Travel program providing full-time placements with a variety of host locations across the country in roles like:Houskeeping & Room AttendantBartender, Server, Host & HostessKitchen Steward, Line Cook & DishwasherFront Desk, Guest Services & ConciergeHotel Porter, Maintenance & MORE!Our program is a great way to gain work experience while exploring another part of the country knowing that you have a job and FREE HOUSING. There are NO FEES for Job Seekers... All you have to do is pack your bag, arrange your travel, and get yourself to your new job!A THREE-WAY PARTNERSHIPMobilize Jobs works closely with our Placement Partners in each State when they need to find staff for a variety of jobs -- We post the job listings... We conduct interviews with eager Candidates like YOU... We hire and \"Mobilize\" successful candidates to a location that YOU can choose.We work as YOUR Job Search partner, guiding you through the entire process from the initial Interview, through all the paperwork & orientation, to getting your offer and contact confirmed.Then YOU \"Mobilize\" to the job, and create a successful partnership with the Host Location, for an EXCITING placement and a THRILLING adventure!FREE HOUSING INCLUDEDOver the course of your placement, all housing costs will be covered by the Mobilize Jobs program.The program works in groups of \"Mobilizers,\" so if you have friends you would like to live, work and travel with, make sure you apply together!ELIGIBILITY* -- Candidates must:be 21 Years or olderbe legally able to work in any Statehave high school diploma or equivalent experiencebe willing to TRAVEL and have a sense of adventure!!!* This program is not suitable for students returning to school in September.Looking for a #GrandAdventure along your Tourism & Hospitality career path? -- It's #TimeToMobilize!!!92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Covington, TennesseeIt takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 15, 2021It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Monticello, IndianaAGE REQUIREMENTS: Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 15, 2021AGE REQUIREMENTS: Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Gallatin, TennesseeIt takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 15, 2021It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Grayling, MichiganIt takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 15, 2021It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Clinton, TennesseeIt takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 15, 2021It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Shift ManagerDonatos Pizza Alpha, OhioShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-ExemptWHO WE ARE: Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS: Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference.OUR PHILOSOPHY: Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward.OUR VALUES: Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY: The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: The following education, experience and abilities are required to perform in this role:Education: Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary. Work Experience: Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Physical Requirements: Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.Jan 15, 2021Full timeShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-ExemptWHO WE ARE: Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS: Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference.OUR PHILOSOPHY: Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward.OUR VALUES: Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY: The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: The following education, experience and abilities are required to perform in this role:Education: Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary. Work Experience: Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Physical Requirements: Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.Part-time Food Service Supervisor - LorainCanteen Services Elyria, OhioTigg's Canteen Services Inc.If you have a positively strong sense of character & ability to perform well in a structured environment, this is the job for you. We are looking for candidates to fillaPart-Time Correctional Food ServiceSupervisor positionat the Lorain County Correctional facility located in Elyria, MI.What is Tigg's Canteen About?An undisputed leader in Correctional Food Services, our core focus is based on meeting all Customer and Client needs. Since 1990, Canteen's Correctional Food Services division has been creating growth thru jobs in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. United by a passion to serve, we offer the latest innovations in food services, technology, and equipment. Companywide we serve approximately 600,000 meals monthly to inmates and seniors while maintaining the highest levels of service and integrity. A day in the life of a Food Service Worker (Supervisor)Our Correctional Food Service Workersconduct all steps in the preparation of every mealwith our companies' recipes. This will sometimes include working with special diets by means of adjusting specific meals accordingly. You will also be a supervisor to Trustees/Inmate workers by managing their training and knowledge of all food handling within the kitchen. Additional responsibilities will betaking temperatures to follow food safety guidelines and being prepared for DOC inspections. If you are a candidate who thrives in a high-paced and positive team environment, come join our Team. What is required to become a Food Service Supervisor?Availability to work shifts varying from 6:00am-6:00pmPart-time Hours ranging from 20-25 hours per weekAvailability to work weekends and holidaysSuccessfully pass a background checkSuccessfully pass a drug screenPrevious food service or related experience is a plusWhat can Tigg's Canteen offer youWe offer a competitive benefit package, available to qualified employees after 90 days; including a 401K and an Employee Recognition program to reward our employees for a job well done. We also provide room for advancement and growth within our company. $13/ hour and WEEKLY PAY PERIODS!Canteen Services is an equal opportunity employer. How to Apply?If you are interested in joining a growing industry leader that isdedicated to making a difference,please apply with Tigg's Canteen ServicesTODAY.For more information please visit our website: Can also connect with us onFacebook:Jan 15, 2021Full timeTigg's Canteen Services Inc.If you have a positively strong sense of character & ability to perform well in a structured environment, this is the job for you. We are looking for candidates to fillaPart-Time Correctional Food ServiceSupervisor positionat the Lorain County Correctional facility located in Elyria, MI.What is Tigg's Canteen About?An undisputed leader in Correctional Food Services, our core focus is based on meeting all Customer and Client needs. Since 1990, Canteen's Correctional Food Services division has been creating growth thru jobs in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. United by a passion to serve, we offer the latest innovations in food services, technology, and equipment. Companywide we serve approximately 600,000 meals monthly to inmates and seniors while maintaining the highest levels of service and integrity. A day in the life of a Food Service Worker (Supervisor)Our Correctional Food Service Workersconduct all steps in the preparation of every mealwith our companies' recipes. This will sometimes include working with special diets by means of adjusting specific meals accordingly. You will also be a supervisor to Trustees/Inmate workers by managing their training and knowledge of all food handling within the kitchen. Additional responsibilities will betaking temperatures to follow food safety guidelines and being prepared for DOC inspections. If you are a candidate who thrives in a high-paced and positive team environment, come join our Team. What is required to become a Food Service Supervisor?Availability to work shifts varying from 6:00am-6:00pmPart-time Hours ranging from 20-25 hours per weekAvailability to work weekends and holidaysSuccessfully pass a background checkSuccessfully pass a drug screenPrevious food service or related experience is a plusWhat can Tigg's Canteen offer youWe offer a competitive benefit package, available to qualified employees after 90 days; including a 401K and an Employee Recognition program to reward our employees for a job well done. We also provide room for advancement and growth within our company. $13/ hour and WEEKLY PAY PERIODS!Canteen Services is an equal opportunity employer. How to Apply?If you are interested in joining a growing industry leader that isdedicated to making a difference,please apply with Tigg's Canteen ServicesTODAY.For more information please visit our website: Can also connect with us onFacebook:Shift ManagerDonatos Pizza Burlington, KentuckyShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-Exempt WHO WE ARE Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference. OUR PHILOSOPHY Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward. OUR VALUES Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS The following education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) are required to perform in this role: Education Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary Work Experience Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Knowledge, Skill and Abilities (KSA's) Dealing With Ambiguity - Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn't upset when things are up in the air; doesn't have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty. Timely Decision Making - Makes decisions in a timely manner, sometimes with incomplete information and under tight deadlines and pressure; able to make a quick decision. Decision Quality - Makes good decisions (without considering how much time it takes) based upon a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; most of his/her solutions and suggestions turn out to be correct and accurate Functional/Technical Skills - Has the functional and technical knowledge and skills to do the job at a high level of accomplishment. Integrity and Trust - Is widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; can present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner; keeps confidences; admits mistakes; doesn't misrepresent him/herself for personal gain. Informing - Provides the information people need to know to do their jobs and to feel good about being a member of the team, unit, and/or the organization; provides individuals information so that they can make accurate decisions; is timely with information. Planning - Accurately scopes out length and difficulty of tasks and projects; sets objectives and goals; breaks down work into the process steps; develops schedules and task/people assignments; anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; measures performance against goals; evaluates results. Priority Setting - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeros in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus. Process Management - Good at figuring out the processes necessary to get things done; knows how to organize people and activities; understands how to separate and combine tasks into efficient work flow; knows what to measure and how to measure it; can see opportunities for synergy and integration where others can't; can simplify complex processes; gets more out of fewer resources. Time Management - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values time; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities. Physical Requirements Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. OUTCOME BASED PERFORMANCE METRICS: (Insert 3 - 5 clearly measurable Outcome Based Performance Metrics written in SMART goal format to be utilized on Annual Performance Review for this position) Maintains Associate cross-training charts. Actively participates in and manages self-development to achieve goals and improvement. Understands the PFE, SVR and SE reportsJan 15, 2021Full timeShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-Exempt WHO WE ARE Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference. OUR PHILOSOPHY Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward. OUR VALUES Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS The following education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) are required to perform in this role: Education Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary Work Experience Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Knowledge, Skill and Abilities (KSA's) Dealing With Ambiguity - Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn't upset when things are up in the air; doesn't have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty. Timely Decision Making - Makes decisions in a timely manner, sometimes with incomplete information and under tight deadlines and pressure; able to make a quick decision. Decision Quality - Makes good decisions (without considering how much time it takes) based upon a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; most of his/her solutions and suggestions turn out to be correct and accurate Functional/Technical Skills - Has the functional and technical knowledge and skills to do the job at a high level of accomplishment. Integrity and Trust - Is widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; can present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner; keeps confidences; admits mistakes; doesn't misrepresent him/herself for personal gain. Informing - Provides the information people need to know to do their jobs and to feel good about being a member of the team, unit, and/or the organization; provides individuals information so that they can make accurate decisions; is timely with information. Planning - Accurately scopes out length and difficulty of tasks and projects; sets objectives and goals; breaks down work into the process steps; develops schedules and task/people assignments; anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; measures performance against goals; evaluates results. Priority Setting - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeros in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus. Process Management - Good at figuring out the processes necessary to get things done; knows how to organize people and activities; understands how to separate and combine tasks into efficient work flow; knows what to measure and how to measure it; can see opportunities for synergy and integration where others can't; can simplify complex processes; gets more out of fewer resources. Time Management - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values time; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities. Physical Requirements Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. OUTCOME BASED PERFORMANCE METRICS: (Insert 3 - 5 clearly measurable Outcome Based Performance Metrics written in SMART goal format to be utilized on Annual Performance Review for this position) Maintains Associate cross-training charts. Actively participates in and manages self-development to achieve goals and improvement. Understands the PFE, SVR and SE reportsPart-time Food Service Supervisor - LorainCanteen Services Lorain, OhioTigg's Canteen Services Inc.If you have a positively strong sense of character & ability to perform well in a structured environment, this is the job for you. We are looking for candidates to fillaPart-Time Correctional Food ServiceSupervisor positionat the Lorain County Correctional facility located in Elyria, MI.What is Tigg's Canteen About?An undisputed leader in Correctional Food Services, our core focus is based on meeting all Customer and Client needs. Since 1990, Canteen's Correctional Food Services division has been creating growth thru jobs in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. United by a passion to serve, we offer the latest innovations in food services, technology, and equipment. Companywide we serve approximately 600,000 meals monthly to inmates and seniors while maintaining the highest levels of service and integrity. A day in the life of a Food Service Worker (Supervisor)Our Correctional Food Service Workersconduct all steps in the preparation of every mealwith our companies' recipes. This will sometimes include working with special diets by means of adjusting specific meals accordingly. You will also be a supervisor to Trustees/Inmate workers by managing their training and knowledge of all food handling within the kitchen. Additional responsibilities will betaking temperatures to follow food safety guidelines and being prepared for DOC inspections. If you are a candidate who thrives in a high-paced and positive team environment, come join our Team. What is required to become a Food Service Supervisor?Availability to work shifts varying from 6:00am-6:00pmPart-time Hours ranging from 20-25 hours per weekAvailability to work weekends and holidaysSuccessfully pass a background checkSuccessfully pass a drug screenPrevious food service or related experience is a plusWhat can Tigg's Canteen offer youWe offer a competitive benefit package, available to qualified employees after 90 days; including a 401K and an Employee Recognition program to reward our employees for a job well done. We also provide room for advancement and growth within our company. $13/ hour and WEEKLY PAY PERIODS!Canteen Services is an equal opportunity employer. How to Apply?If you are interested in joining a growing industry leader that isdedicated to making a difference,please apply with Tigg's Canteen ServicesTODAY.For more information please visit our website: Can also connect with us onFacebook:Jan 15, 2021Full timeTigg's Canteen Services Inc.If you have a positively strong sense of character & ability to perform well in a structured environment, this is the job for you. We are looking for candidates to fillaPart-Time Correctional Food ServiceSupervisor positionat the Lorain County Correctional facility located in Elyria, MI.What is Tigg's Canteen About?An undisputed leader in Correctional Food Services, our core focus is based on meeting all Customer and Client needs. Since 1990, Canteen's Correctional Food Services division has been creating growth thru jobs in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. United by a passion to serve, we offer the latest innovations in food services, technology, and equipment. Companywide we serve approximately 600,000 meals monthly to inmates and seniors while maintaining the highest levels of service and integrity. A day in the life of a Food Service Worker (Supervisor)Our Correctional Food Service Workersconduct all steps in the preparation of every mealwith our companies' recipes. This will sometimes include working with special diets by means of adjusting specific meals accordingly. You will also be a supervisor to Trustees/Inmate workers by managing their training and knowledge of all food handling within the kitchen. Additional responsibilities will betaking temperatures to follow food safety guidelines and being prepared for DOC inspections. If you are a candidate who thrives in a high-paced and positive team environment, come join our Team. What is required to become a Food Service Supervisor?Availability to work shifts varying from 6:00am-6:00pmPart-time Hours ranging from 20-25 hours per weekAvailability to work weekends and holidaysSuccessfully pass a background checkSuccessfully pass a drug screenPrevious food service or related experience is a plusWhat can Tigg's Canteen offer youWe offer a competitive benefit package, available to qualified employees after 90 days; including a 401K and an Employee Recognition program to reward our employees for a job well done. We also provide room for advancement and growth within our company. $13/ hour and WEEKLY PAY PERIODS!Canteen Services is an equal opportunity employer. How to Apply?If you are interested in joining a growing industry leader that isdedicated to making a difference,please apply with Tigg's Canteen ServicesTODAY.For more information please visit our website: Can also connect with us onFacebook:Restaurant Manager / Assistant ManagerLogans Roadhouse Pooler, GeorgiaA ROADHOUSEIt's a welcome rest for the hardworking rooted in Americantradition. A laidback, \"come as you are\" kind of place where you can crack opena cold one, throw your peanut shells on the floor and enjoy steakhouse qualitymeat in the comfort of jeans and a t-shirt. It's where the atmosphere islively, beer is served ice cold, rolls are made-from-scratch and are endless,steak is grilled over real mesquite wood... the way it was meant to be andgenuine hospitality is part of the DNA. There are no strangers at a Roadhouse,only friends.NOW HIRING:Restaurant ManagerWe'd like for you to have at least 2years of hands-on restaurant management experience, be committed to excellencein friendly service, growing sales, and be looking for a company you can growwith. A valid driver's license is a requirement for this position. We will offer youmore than just a paycheck, this includes: Monthly bonuses Weekly Pay Competitive base pay and a great culture. A rewarding career with professional training, recognition and unlimited opportunities for advancement. Medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as other work-life benefits.Ideal candidateswould be able to live our values: Accountability for Results Relentless Improvement Passion to Serve Integrity in all Actions Respect for Each Individual Embrace ChangeLocal CommunityInvolvement Helping Our Guests - As a food service company, we feel it is our duty to help families by bringing meals to those who need them most, right in our very own back yard. Our partnership with Second Harvest of Middle Tennessee is one of the impactful organizations that we support. We love music - Logan's Roadhouse and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the leading music licensing group in the U.S., have partnered to support emerging artists and songwriters on an industry-first initiative Family Comes first - We consider every one of our team members a very important member of the Logan's Roadhouse Family. Our Logan's Love Initiative provides financial support to our team members during times of crisis.IS THE FIRE INYOU?We're looking forpassionate workers who care as much about the quality of our food as the peoplethey're serving it to. Think that's you? This could be a match made inroadhouse heaven.Logan's is an Equal Opportunity & E-Verify EmployerSimilar jobs to this include RM, AM, Restaurant Management, Restaurant Assistant Manager, Restaurant Service Manager, Front of House Manager, Server Manager, Dining Room ManagerJan 15, 2021Full timeA ROADHOUSEIt's a welcome rest for the hardworking rooted in Americantradition. A laidback, \"come as you are\" kind of place where you can crack opena cold one, throw your peanut shells on the floor and enjoy steakhouse qualitymeat in the comfort of jeans and a t-shirt. It's where the atmosphere islively, beer is served ice cold, rolls are made-from-scratch and are endless,steak is grilled over real mesquite wood... the way it was meant to be andgenuine hospitality is part of the DNA. There are no strangers at a Roadhouse,only friends.NOW HIRING:Restaurant ManagerWe'd like for you to have at least 2years of hands-on restaurant management experience, be committed to excellencein friendly service, growing sales, and be looking for a company you can growwith. A valid driver's license is a requirement for this position. We will offer youmore than just a paycheck, this includes: Monthly bonuses Weekly Pay Competitive base pay and a great culture. A rewarding career with professional training, recognition and unlimited opportunities for advancement. Medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as other work-life benefits.Ideal candidateswould be able to live our values: Accountability for Results Relentless Improvement Passion to Serve Integrity in all Actions Respect for Each Individual Embrace ChangeLocal CommunityInvolvement Helping Our Guests - As a food service company, we feel it is our duty to help families by bringing meals to those who need them most, right in our very own back yard. Our partnership with Second Harvest of Middle Tennessee is one of the impactful organizations that we support. We love music - Logan's Roadhouse and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the leading music licensing group in the U.S., have partnered to support emerging artists and songwriters on an industry-first initiative Family Comes first - We consider every one of our team members a very important member of the Logan's Roadhouse Family. Our Logan's Love Initiative provides financial support to our team members during times of crisis.IS THE FIRE INYOU?We're looking forpassionate workers who care as much about the quality of our food as the peoplethey're serving it to. Think that's you? This could be a match made inroadhouse heaven.Logan's is an Equal Opportunity & E-Verify EmployerSimilar jobs to this include RM, AM, Restaurant Management, Restaurant Assistant Manager, Restaurant Service Manager, Front of House Manager, Server Manager, Dining Room ManagerDining Services Manager, The Woodlands Senior Living At FurmanBon Appetit Greenville, South CarolinaPosted Date: Jan 11, 2021We are now hiring for a DINING SERVICE MANAGER I position.Location: The Woodlands Senior Living at Furman; 1500 Trailhead Court Greenville, SC 29615. Note: online applications accepted only.Schedule: Full-Time; open availability. Requirement: Dining Room/Food Service operations and Management experience required. *Internal Employee Referral Bonus AvailableWe Make Applying Easy! Want to apply to this job via text messaging? Text JOB to 75000 and search requisition ID number 445689. Additionally, you can get in front of the hiring manager faster and share what makes you unique with a Prerecorded Video Interview! Click here to learn more!The advertised program is an AI recruiting assistant that helps you apply to jobs with Compass Group. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Text STOP to opt out or HELP for help. Terms and conditions: Diversity of thought and inclusion for all is what drives our success - we invite you to start your journey with us today!Are you looking for a job with competitive wages and benefits, one in which you can learn and grow while making a difference in the world? We're hiring! Bon Apptit Management Company operates more than 1,000 cafs around the country for corporations, universities, and museums, as well as a few dozen public restaurants. We've led the industry in socially and environmentally responsible sourcing, from sustainable seafood to cage-free eggs. We cook everything from scratch using fresh, local ingredients.Learn more about careers with Bon Apptit: Job SummarySummary: As a Dining Services Manager I, you will manage a team of food service professionals and will be responsible for the overall service in the main dining room as well as special functions. Additionally, you will assist with maintaining interdepartmental relations and integrating the dining service department with the facility plan of operation.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Oversees dining services operations of a small to medium volume location.Interacts with customers and resolves customer complaints in a friendly and service oriented manner.Assists with profit and loss and budgeting as it pertains to this account.Works with the Chef and management team in creating menus and providing top quality food.Assists in the responsibility for all food service-related activities and be primarily involved in meal services in a seated dining room setting; including quality improvement, sanitation, infection control and all facility-related activities. Assists with the rollout of new culinary programs in conjunction with marketing and culinary team.Assists with the preparation of quarterly reports for client presentation.Works with marketing and culinary department to increase sales by innovations and food quality.Communicates with the culinary department to ensure the food programs reflect the vision of the company.Performs other duties as assigned.Qualifications: 2 years of food service supervisory or lead experience.Experience in restaurants, hotels, corporate dining, education, military, health care, and/or related food service operations.Waited table and catering experience is preferred.Possess general hospitality knowledge and interest in sustainability and sustainable food practices.Proficient computer skills and knowledge of MS Office products, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and internet.ServSafe Certification is preferred.Associate's degree is preferred. Associates at Bon Apptitare offered many fantastic benefits.Both full-time and part-time positions offer the followingbenefits to associates:MedicalDentalVisionLife Insurance/ADDisability InsuranceRetirement PlanAssociate Shopping ProgramHealth and Wellness ProgramsDiscount MarketplaceIdentity Theft ProtectionPet InsuranceVoluntary Benefits, including Critical Illness Insurance, Accident Insurance, Hospital Indemnity Insurance, Legal Services, and Choice Auto and Home ProgramIn addition, full-time positions also offer the following benefits to associates:Commuter BenefitsEmployee Assistance ProgramFlexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industryCompass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation.Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity.*Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).Req ID:445689Bon AppetitSALARIED EXEMPTJan 15, 2021Full timePosted Date: Jan 11, 2021We are now hiring for a DINING SERVICE MANAGER I position.Location: The Woodlands Senior Living at Furman; 1500 Trailhead Court Greenville, SC 29615. Note: online applications accepted only.Schedule: Full-Time; open availability. Requirement: Dining Room/Food Service operations and Management experience required. *Internal Employee Referral Bonus AvailableWe Make Applying Easy! Want to apply to this job via text messaging? Text JOB to 75000 and search requisition ID number 445689. Additionally, you can get in front of the hiring manager faster and share what makes you unique with a Prerecorded Video Interview! Click here to learn more!The advertised program is an AI recruiting assistant that helps you apply to jobs with Compass Group. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Text STOP to opt out or HELP for help. Terms and conditions: Diversity of thought and inclusion for all is what drives our success - we invite you to start your journey with us today!Are you looking for a job with competitive wages and benefits, one in which you can learn and grow while making a difference in the world? We're hiring! Bon Apptit Management Company operates more than 1,000 cafs around the country for corporations, universities, and museums, as well as a few dozen public restaurants. We've led the industry in socially and environmentally responsible sourcing, from sustainable seafood to cage-free eggs. We cook everything from scratch using fresh, local ingredients.Learn more about careers with Bon Apptit: Job SummarySummary: As a Dining Services Manager I, you will manage a team of food service professionals and will be responsible for the overall service in the main dining room as well as special functions. Additionally, you will assist with maintaining interdepartmental relations and integrating the dining service department with the facility plan of operation.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Oversees dining services operations of a small to medium volume location.Interacts with customers and resolves customer complaints in a friendly and service oriented manner.Assists with profit and loss and budgeting as it pertains to this account.Works with the Chef and management team in creating menus and providing top quality food.Assists in the responsibility for all food service-related activities and be primarily involved in meal services in a seated dining room setting; including quality improvement, sanitation, infection control and all facility-related activities. Assists with the rollout of new culinary programs in conjunction with marketing and culinary team.Assists with the preparation of quarterly reports for client presentation.Works with marketing and culinary department to increase sales by innovations and food quality.Communicates with the culinary department to ensure the food programs reflect the vision of the company.Performs other duties as assigned.Qualifications: 2 years of food service supervisory or lead experience.Experience in restaurants, hotels, corporate dining, education, military, health care, and/or related food service operations.Waited table and catering experience is preferred.Possess general hospitality knowledge and interest in sustainability and sustainable food practices.Proficient computer skills and knowledge of MS Office products, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and internet.ServSafe Certification is preferred.Associate's degree is preferred. Associates at Bon Apptitare offered many fantastic benefits.Both full-time and part-time positions offer the followingbenefits to associates:MedicalDentalVisionLife Insurance/ADDisability InsuranceRetirement PlanAssociate Shopping ProgramHealth and Wellness ProgramsDiscount MarketplaceIdentity Theft ProtectionPet InsuranceVoluntary Benefits, including Critical Illness Insurance, Accident Insurance, Hospital Indemnity Insurance, Legal Services, and Choice Auto and Home ProgramIn addition, full-time positions also offer the following benefits to associates:Commuter BenefitsEmployee Assistance ProgramFlexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industryCompass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation.Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity.*Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).Req ID:445689Bon AppetitSALARIED EXEMPTShift ManagerDonatos Pizza Springboro, OhioShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-ExemptWHO WE ARE: Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS: Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference.OUR PHILOSOPHY: Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward.OUR VALUES: Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY: The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: The following education, experience and abilities are required to perform in this role:Education: Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary. Work Experience: Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Physical Requirements: Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.Jan 15, 2021Full timeShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-ExemptWHO WE ARE: Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS: Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference.OUR PHILOSOPHY: Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward.OUR VALUES: Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY: The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: The following education, experience and abilities are required to perform in this role:Education: Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary. Work Experience: Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Physical Requirements: Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.Shift ManagerDonatos Pizza Lewis Center, OhioShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-ExemptWHO WE ARE: Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS: Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference.OUR PHILOSOPHY: Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward.OUR VALUES: Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY: The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: The following education, experience and abilities are required to perform in this role:Education: Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary. Work Experience: Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Physical Requirements: Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.Jan 15, 2021Full timeShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-ExemptWHO WE ARE: Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS: Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference.OUR PHILOSOPHY: Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward.OUR VALUES: Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY: The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: The following education, experience and abilities are required to perform in this role:Education: Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary. Work Experience: Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Physical Requirements: Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.Shift ManagerDonatos Pizza Cincinnati, OhioShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-Exempt WHO WE ARE Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference. OUR PHILOSOPHY Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward. OUR VALUES Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS The following education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) are required to perform in this role: Education Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary Work Experience Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Knowledge, Skill and Abilities (KSA's) Dealing With Ambiguity - Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn't upset when things are up in the air; doesn't have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty. Timely Decision Making - Makes decisions in a timely manner, sometimes with incomplete information and under tight deadlines and pressure; able to make a quick decision. Decision Quality - Makes good decisions (without considering how much time it takes) based upon a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; most of his/her solutions and suggestions turn out to be correct and accurate Functional/Technical Skills - Has the functional and technical knowledge and skills to do the job at a high level of accomplishment. Integrity and Trust - Is widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; can present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner; keeps confidences; admits mistakes; doesn't misrepresent him/herself for personal gain. Informing - Provides the information people need to know to do their jobs and to feel good about being a member of the team, unit, and/or the organization; provides individuals information so that they can make accurate decisions; is timely with information. Planning - Accurately scopes out length and difficulty of tasks and projects; sets objectives and goals; breaks down work into the process steps; develops schedules and task/people assignments; anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; measures performance against goals; evaluates results. Priority Setting - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeros in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus. Process Management - Good at figuring out the processes necessary to get things done; knows how to organize people and activities; understands how to separate and combine tasks into efficient work flow; knows what to measure and how to measure it; can see opportunities for synergy and integration where others can't; can simplify complex processes; gets more out of fewer resources. Time Management - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values time; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities. Physical Requirements Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. OUTCOME BASED PERFORMANCE METRICS: (Insert 3 - 5 clearly measurable Outcome Based Performance Metrics written in SMART goal format to be utilized on Annual Performance Review for this position) Maintains Associate cross-training charts. Actively participates in and manages self-development to achieve goals and improvement. Understands the PFE, SVR and SE reportsJan 15, 2021Full timeShift Manager Operations Reports To (Position): General Manager FLSA Status: Non-Exempt WHO WE ARE Donatos mission is to promote goodwill through our products and service, principles and people. In order to grow this mission, it is important to achieve our business goals through our growth. Success is achieved by all of us, pulling in the same direction and by exhibiting behaviors that generate positive results.OUR SUCCESS BEHAVIORS Is a \"People First\" Leader: Releases and shares power; listens carefully to others and welcomes input from all levels, invests time and energy developing others' potential; promotes empathy and tolerance; recognizes when morale is low and demonstrates concern for associate's personal well-being; Is transparent and honest and models the behavior expected from others; follows through on promises. Freely admits mistakes, encourages a spirit of cooperation and inspires organizational commitment; articulates a clear vision of the future; looks for new ways to simplify jobs. Serves and inspires others to lead through service. Opportunity Seeking: Symbolized by the passion we feel in our heart, this is the entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to find opportunities, create excitement, build enthusiasm, act like an owner and accomplish tasks. Disciplined: Symbolized by focused clarity we have in our head, this is the logical, strategic, fact based approach to doing business that focuses all of our passionate enthusiasm toward the activities that will make a difference. OUR PHILOSOPHY Live: A balanced, healthy lifestyle brings you personal power and energy to achieve your dreams. Love: A clear focus on your values keeps you rooted in what's important. Laugh: Understanding and connecting with others builds strong relationships, fun and creativity. Learn: There is always a better way.... learn, grow, stretch - keep moving forward. OUR VALUES Trust, Integrity, Accountability, Consistency, Hospitality, Creativity, Community Engagement, Leadership, Fairness, Family, HumilityPOSITION SUMMARY The Shift Manager is responsible for Quality and Services systems in the restaurant. Shift Managers coach and train Donatos Associates to produce the highest quality food and to provide friendly and honest service. The Shift Manager may open or close the restaurant in the absence of a salaried Manager, ensuring a quality opening and/or closing by completing administrative responsibilities while maximizing the safety and security of our Associates, Guests and Assets. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Manages the people, product and equipment related to a specific zone of the restaurant to deliver the Mission and Promise. Models performance standards in all zones (primary responsibility is to direct and coach, secondary responsibility is to assist). Anticipates the needs of the guests at all access points. Takes personal responsibility and ownership for managing a zone to deliver Quality, Service and Prosperity. Acts in a timely and decisive manner to adjust staffing for business volume changes Controls food cost components of waste, prep, weights, portioning and theft during shifts. Demonstrates and enforces operating norms such as uniform policies, timeliness, safety procedures, etc. Contributes to the team morale by displaying enthusiasm and commitment by word and action. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Interacts with guests enthusiastically Identifies and removes service barriers Ensures orders are delivered accurately. Provides a service atmosphere by treating Associates as guests. Follows correct steps in resolving guest complaints. Displays caring and empathy for guests when resolving complaints. Completes assigned shift paperwork Opens and/or closes the restaurant with proper administrative procedures. Trains and enforces correct cash control procedures. Uses proper security and verification procedures when handling deposits and safe contents. Effectively uses Donatos' pre-shift and shift job aids and tools to ensure optimum product quality. Manages dough and day dots to ensure the best quality. Properly executes, enforces and manages food safety and sanitation requirements. Ensures Associates understand and follow the personal hygiene standards required by Donatos and the local Health Department. Seeks out and eliminates potential food safety violations and unsafe practices or conditions. Maintains proper inventory levels. Ensures all vendor orders are completed on a timely basis Assumes responsibility for inventory of all stocked items, vendor orders, and invoice processing MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS The following education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) are required to perform in this role: Education Basic Math and Reading Skills necessary Work Experience Has attained Level 3 Certification in all job stations. Has completed all the steps on the Certified Hourly Shift Manager Road to Excellence Roadmap. Has attained certification on all Zone Management modules. Has passed the basic OPS test. Knowledge, Skill and Abilities (KSA's) Dealing With Ambiguity - Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn't upset when things are up in the air; doesn't have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty. Timely Decision Making - Makes decisions in a timely manner, sometimes with incomplete information and under tight deadlines and pressure; able to make a quick decision. Decision Quality - Makes good decisions (without considering how much time it takes) based upon a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; most of his/her solutions and suggestions turn out to be correct and accurate Functional/Technical Skills - Has the functional and technical knowledge and skills to do the job at a high level of accomplishment. Integrity and Trust - Is widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; can present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner; keeps confidences; admits mistakes; doesn't misrepresent him/herself for personal gain. Informing - Provides the information people need to know to do their jobs and to feel good about being a member of the team, unit, and/or the organization; provides individuals information so that they can make accurate decisions; is timely with information. Planning - Accurately scopes out length and difficulty of tasks and projects; sets objectives and goals; breaks down work into the process steps; develops schedules and task/people assignments; anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; measures performance against goals; evaluates results. Priority Setting - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeros in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus. Process Management - Good at figuring out the processes necessary to get things done; knows how to organize people and activities; understands how to separate and combine tasks into efficient work flow; knows what to measure and how to measure it; can see opportunities for synergy and integration where others can't; can simplify complex processes; gets more out of fewer resources. Time Management - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values time; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities. Physical Requirements Must be able to safely and successfully perform the essential functions of this position, meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. OUTCOME BASED PERFORMANCE METRICS: (Insert 3 - 5 clearly measurable Outcome Based Performance Metrics written in SMART goal format to be utilized on Annual Performance Review for this position) Maintains Associate cross-training charts. Actively participates in and manages self-development to achieve goals and improvement. Understands the PFE, SVR and SE reportsRestaurant Manager / Assistant ManagerLogans Roadhouse Pearl, MississippiA ROADHOUSEIt's a welcome rest for the hardworking rooted in Americantradition. A laidback, \"come as you are\" kind of place where you can crack opena cold one, throw your peanut shells on the floor and enjoy steakhouse qualitymeat in the comfort of jeans and a t-shirt. It's where the atmosphere islively, beer is served ice cold, rolls are made-from-scratch and are endless,steak is grilled over real mesquite wood... the way it was meant to be andgenuine hospitality is part of the DNA. There are no strangers at a Roadhouse,only friends.NOW HIRING:Restaurant ManagerWe'd like for you to have at least 2years of hands-on restaurant management experience, be committed to excellencein friendly service, growing sales, and be looking for a company you can growwith. A valid driver's license is a requirement for this position. We will offer youmore than just a paycheck, this includes: Monthly bonuses Weekly Pay Competitive base pay and a great culture. A rewarding career with professional training, recognition and unlimited opportunities for advancement. Medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as other work-life benefits.Ideal candidateswould be able to live our values: Accountability for Results Relentless Improvement Passion to Serve Integrity in all Actions Respect for Each Individual Embrace ChangeLocal CommunityInvolvement Helping Our Guests - As a food service company, we feel it is our duty to help families by bringing meals to those who need them most, right in our very own back yard. Our partnership with Second Harvest of Middle Tennessee is one of the impactful organizations that we support. We love music - Logan's Roadhouse and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the leading music licensing group in the U.S., have partnered to support emerging artists and songwriters on an industry-first initiative Family Comes first - We consider every one of our team members a very important member of the Logan's Roadhouse Family. Our Logan's Love Initiative provides financial support to our team members during times of crisis.IS THE FIRE INYOU?We're looking forpassionate workers who care as much about the quality of our food as the peoplethey're serving it to. Think that's you? This could be a match made inroadhouse heaven.Logan's is an Equal Opportunity & E-Verify EmployerSimilar jobs to this include RM, AM, Restaurant Management, Restaurant Assistant Manager, Restaurant Service Manager, Front of House Manager, Server Manager, Dining Room ManagerJan 15, 2021Full timeA ROADHOUSEIt's a welcome rest for the hardworking rooted in Americantradition. A laidback, \"come as you are\" kind of place where you can crack opena cold one, throw your peanut shells on the floor and enjoy steakhouse qualitymeat in the comfort of jeans and a t-shirt. It's where the atmosphere islively, beer is served ice cold, rolls are made-from-scratch and are endless,steak is grilled over real mesquite wood... the way it was meant to be andgenuine hospitality is part of the DNA. There are no strangers at a Roadhouse,only friends.NOW HIRING:Restaurant ManagerWe'd like for you to have at least 2years of hands-on restaurant management experience, be committed to excellencein friendly service, growing sales, and be looking for a company you can growwith. A valid driver's license is a requirement for this position. We will offer youmore than just a paycheck, this includes: Monthly bonuses Weekly Pay Competitive base pay and a great culture. A rewarding career with professional training, recognition and unlimited opportunities for advancement. Medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as other work-life benefits.Ideal candidateswould be able to live our values: Accountability for Results Relentless Improvement Passion to Serve Integrity in all Actions Respect for Each Individual Embrace ChangeLocal CommunityInvolvement Helping Our Guests - As a food service company, we feel it is our duty to help families by bringing meals to those who need them most, right in our very own back yard. Our partnership with Second Harvest of Middle Tennessee is one of the impactful organizations that we support. We love music - Logan's Roadhouse and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the leading music licensing group in the U.S., have partnered to support emerging artists and songwriters on an industry-first initiative Family Comes first - We consider every one of our team members a very important member of the Logan's Roadhouse Family. Our Logan's Love Initiative provides financial support to our team members during times of crisis.IS THE FIRE INYOU?We're looking forpassionate workers who care as much about the quality of our food as the peoplethey're serving it to. Think that's you? This could be a match made inroadhouse heaven.Logan's is an Equal Opportunity & E-Verify EmployerSimilar jobs to this include RM, AM, Restaurant Management, Restaurant Assistant Manager, Restaurant Service Manager, Front of House Manager, Server Manager, Dining Room ManagerRestaurant Manager / Assistant ManagerLogans Roadhouse Spanish Fort, AlabamaA ROADHOUSEIt's a welcome rest for the hardworking rooted in Americantradition. A laidback, \"come as you are\" kind of place where you can crack opena cold one, throw your peanut shells on the floor and enjoy steakhouse qualitymeat in the comfort of jeans and a t-shirt. It's where the atmosphere islively, beer is served ice cold, rolls are made-from-scratch and are endless,steak is grilled over real mesquite wood... the way it was meant to be andgenuine hospitality is part of the DNA. There are no strangers at a Roadhouse,only friends.NOW HIRING:Restaurant ManagerWe'd like for you to have at least 2years of hands-on restaurant management experience, be committed to excellencein friendly service, growing sales, and be looking for a company you can growwith. A valid driver's license is a requirement for this position. We will offer youmore than just a paycheck, this includes: Monthly bonuses Weekly Pay Competitive base pay and a great culture. A rewarding career with professional training, recognition and unlimited opportunities for advancement. Medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as other work-life benefits.Ideal candidateswould be able to live our values: Accountability for Results Relentless Improvement Passion to Serve Integrity in all Actions Respect for Each Individual Embrace ChangeLocal CommunityInvolvement Helping Our Guests - As a food service company, we feel it is our duty to help families by bringing meals to those who need them most, right in our very own back yard. Our partnership with Second Harvest of Middle Tennessee is one of the impactful organizations that we support. We love music - Logan's Roadhouse and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the leading music licensing group in the U.S., have partnered to support emerging artists and songwriters on an industry-first initiative Family Comes first - We consider every one of our team members a very important member of the Logan's Roadhouse Family. Our Logan's Love Initiative provides financial support to our team members during times of crisis.IS THE FIRE INYOU?We're looking forpassionate workers who care as much about the quality of our food as the peoplethey're serving it to. Think that's you? This could be a match made inroadhouse heaven.Logan's is an Equal Opportunity & E-Verify EmployerSimilar jobs to this include RM, AM, Restaurant Management, Restaurant Assistant Manager, Restaurant Service Manager, Front of House Manager, Server Manager, Dining Room ManagerJan 15, 2021Full timeA ROADHOUSEIt's a welcome rest for the hardworking rooted in Americantradition. A laidback, \"come as you are\" kind of place where you can crack opena cold one, throw your peanut shells on the floor and enjoy steakhouse qualitymeat in the comfort of jeans and a t-shirt. It's where the atmosphere islively, beer is served ice cold, rolls are made-from-scratch and are endless,steak is grilled over real mesquite wood... the way it was meant to be andgenuine hospitality is part of the DNA. There are no strangers at a Roadhouse,only friends.NOW HIRING:Restaurant ManagerWe'd like for you to have at least 2years of hands-on restaurant management experience, be committed to excellencein friendly service, growing sales, and be looking for a company you can growwith. A valid driver's license is a requirement for this position. We will offer youmore than just a paycheck, this includes: Monthly bonuses Weekly Pay Competitive base pay and a great culture. A rewarding career with professional training, recognition and unlimited opportunities for advancement. Medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as other work-life benefits.Ideal candidateswould be able to live our values: Accountability for Results Relentless Improvement Passion to Serve Integrity in all Actions Respect for Each Individual Embrace ChangeLocal CommunityInvolvement Helping Our Guests - As a food service company, we feel it is our duty to help families by bringing meals to those who need them most, right in our very own back yard. Our partnership with Second Harvest of Middle Tennessee is one of the impactful organizations that we support. We love music - Logan's Roadhouse and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the leading music licensing group in the U.S., have partnered to support emerging artists and songwriters on an industry-first initiative Family Comes first - We consider every one of our team members a very important member of the Logan's Roadhouse Family. Our Logan's Love Initiative provides financial support to our team members during times of crisis.IS THE FIRE INYOU?We're looking forpassionate workers who care as much about the quality of our food as the peoplethey're serving it to. Think that's you? This could be a match made inroadhouse heaven.Logan's is an Equal Opportunity & E-Verify EmployerSimilar jobs to this include RM, AM, Restaurant Management, Restaurant Assistant Manager, Restaurant Service Manager, Front of House Manager, Server Manager, Dining Room ManagerCDL Delivery Driver - Boom Operator (7391)L&W Supply Milton, DelawareL&W Supply is a leading specialty distributor of drywall, ceiling tiles, steel framing and other building materials used by commercial and residential contractors. L&W Supply delivers the products and capabilities offered by a national distributor paired with the service and personal touch usually found only in a locally owned business. If you are a licensed CDL Driver who is looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each delivery. Specific duties may include: Operating a delivery vehicle to/from the delivery site Unloading and stocking building materials on jobsites as directed Physically handling material with a co-worker Overseeing the safe loading of the delivery vehicle to ensure the order is accurate and that the products are of the highest quality possible Obeying all regulatory agency and company safety directives Obeying all traffic laws and weight limits Supervising and expediting the unloading operation at delivery sites to ensure the safe and accurate delivery of all building materials Responsible for site safety as it pertains to the delivery Accurately distribute and place all specified building materials as indicated on the order ticket Safely and effectively operate a boom, crane or Gradall as needed, based on the specific requirements of the customer Responsible for having the delivered product neatly placed and appearing as orderly and presentable as possible. This position does not require over the road travel Specific qualifications include: Valid CDL - Class B minimum Ability to unload, transport, and position all building materials as required Ability to stand, climb, reach, bend, and twist throughout complete shifts Ability to consistently lift and carry 115 lbs with assistance Boom truck experience is strongly preferred Benefits may include: Health, dental, and vision coverage Employer paid life insurance Flex spending 401(k) with generous company match Paid time off Paid holidays Equal Opportunity Employer / Drug Free WorkplaceJan 15, 2021L&W Supply is a leading specialty distributor of drywall, ceiling tiles, steel framing and other building materials used by commercial and residential contractors. L&W Supply delivers the products and capabilities offered by a national distributor paired with the service and personal touch usually found only in a locally owned business. If you are a licensed CDL Driver who is looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each delivery. Specific duties may include: Operating a delivery vehicle to/from the delivery site Unloading and stocking building materials on jobsites as directed Physically handling material with a co-worker Overseeing the safe loading of the delivery vehicle to ensure the order is accurate and that the products are of the highest quality possible Obeying all regulatory agency and company safety directives Obeying all traffic laws and weight limits Supervising and expediting the unloading operation at delivery sites to ensure the safe and accurate delivery of all building materials Responsible for site safety as it pertains to the delivery Accurately distribute and place all specified building materials as indicated on the order ticket Safely and effectively operate a boom, crane or Gradall as needed, based on the specific requirements of the customer Responsible for having the delivered product neatly placed and appearing as orderly and presentable as possible. This position does not require over the road travel Specific qualifications include: Valid CDL - Class B minimum Ability to unload, transport, and position all building materials as required Ability to stand, climb, reach, bend, and twist throughout complete shifts Ability to consistently lift and carry 115 lbs with assistance Boom truck experience is strongly preferred Benefits may include: Health, dental, and vision coverage Employer paid life insurance Flex spending 401(k) with generous company match Paid time off Paid holidays Equal Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Workplace92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Springfield, OregonIt takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 15, 2021It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Load moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App© 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
