"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs15 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBanking Consultant General Business Legal Accounting Design Business Development Skilled Labor Installation-Maint-RepairRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Hospitality (9) Customer Service (7) Nonprofit-Social Services (7) Admin-Clerical (6) Management (4)Sales (4) Other (3) Entry Level (2) Facilities (2) General Labor (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Education (1) Executive (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (14) Part time (1)Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (4)Email me jobs like thisOperation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Journeyman ElectricianDelconMust have a current license. Offering competitive wages, 401K, medical insurance, PTO, Transportation Assistance. Delcon Partners LLC is a Wyoming Drug Free Workplace Apply on our careers page on our website, www.delconwy.com Ph: 307-733-2240 [email protected]Jan 19, 2021Full timeMust have a current license. Offering competitive wages, 401K, medical insurance, PTO, Transportation Assistance. Delcon Partners LLC is a Wyoming Drug Free Workplace Apply on our careers page on our website, www.delconwy.com Ph: 307-733-2240 [email protected]Journeyman PlumberJB PlumbingJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .Jan 19, 2021Full timeJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .Apprentice ElectricianDelconJoin our Wyoming approved apprenticeship training program or continue your existing program. No prior electrical training required for entry level positions. Offering competitive wages, 401K, medical insurance, PTO, Transportation Assistance. Delcon Partners LLC is a Wyoming Drug Free Workplace Apply on our careers page on our website, www.delconwy.com Ph.: 307-733-2240 [email protected]Jan 19, 2021Full timeJoin our Wyoming approved apprenticeship training program or continue your existing program. No prior electrical training required for entry level positions. Offering competitive wages, 401K, medical insurance, PTO, Transportation Assistance. Delcon Partners LLC is a Wyoming Drug Free Workplace Apply on our careers page on our website, www.delconwy.com Ph.: 307-733-2240 [email protected]SuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Rental Equipment TechnicianWestern States EquipmentThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Jan 14, 2021Full timeThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Major Gifts OfficerThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Project Manager/Site SuperintendentBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Jan 12, 2021Full timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Office Manager/BookkeeperBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Office Manager/Bookkeeper: 25-35 hours/week Bookkeeping tasks- including accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, bank reconciliations, and project accounting. Office scheduling, upkeep, and coordination. Assistance with administrative operational tasks, marketing, and social media. A strong command of Quickbooks, Excel, and G Suite is requisite. The best candidate will have a high attention to detail, strong communication skills, a self-starter attitude, and the ability to work independently. Part-time position with a flexible schedule and room...Jan 12, 2021Part timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Office Manager/Bookkeeper: 25-35 hours/week Bookkeeping tasks- including accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, bank reconciliations, and project accounting. Office scheduling, upkeep, and coordination. Assistance with administrative operational tasks, marketing, and social media. A strong command of Quickbooks, Excel, and G Suite is requisite. The best candidate will have a high attention to detail, strong communication skills, a self-starter attitude, and the ability to work independently. Part-time position with a flexible schedule and room...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 10, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Maintenance Technician$20.00 - $25.00 hourlyTarghee Place Targhee Place, Alpine, WY, USAWe are currently seeking a full-time Maintenance Technician! Maintenance Technicians Maintains the efficient operation and upkeep of the property buildings and grounds in a supportive role. Responsibilities include: • Take responsibility for the daily repair and upkeep of the property and the preparation of vacant units for occupancy • Maintain and keep inventory of all supplies and equipment • Ensure necessary tools are on hand • Report unusual or extraordinary circumstances regarding the property or residents • Maintain the required property uniform ensuring a professional appearance • Be aware of and operate within OSHA (Occupational Safety & Health Act) standards and company safety policies at all times • Be available to work on an on-call basis • Secure the maintenance shop(s) at the close of every work day • Remove snow and ice as necessary • Handle all lock-outs as a result of evictions and take responsibility for 24-hour response to service requests Requirements: •...Jan 10, 2021Full timeWe are currently seeking a full-time Maintenance Technician! Maintenance Technicians Maintains the efficient operation and upkeep of the property buildings and grounds in a supportive role. Responsibilities include: • Take responsibility for the daily repair and upkeep of the property and the preparation of vacant units for occupancy • Maintain and keep inventory of all supplies and equipment • Ensure necessary tools are on hand • Report unusual or extraordinary circumstances regarding the property or residents • Maintain the required property uniform ensuring a professional appearance • Be aware of and operate within OSHA (Occupational Safety & Health Act) standards and company safety policies at all times • Be available to work on an on-call basis • Secure the maintenance shop(s) at the close of every work day • Remove snow and ice as necessary • Handle all lock-outs as a result of evictions and take responsibility for 24-hour response to service requests Requirements: •...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 06, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate$40,000 - $50,000 yearlyVertical HarvestJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Jan 05, 2021Full timeJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Field Technician - Jackson, WYCharter Communications Jackson, WY, USAField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Dec 31, 2020Full timeField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
