"DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC Immigration Law Firm at Phoenix, AZ 480-551-7020 | MyVisaJobs.comh1b visa | work visa | student visa | green card | attorney | new jobs | e-verify | candidate | visa report | blogsign in | create free account | employerBrowse Employers orHome > Immigration Attorney > DiSanto and DiSanto, PLCDiSanto and DiSanto, PLC, Immigration Attorney8300 North Hayden, Suite 207, Phoenix, AZ 85258ProfileCustomer ReviewsAttorneysNearby Immigration Attorney FirmsAttorney Firm: DiSanto and DiSanto, PLCAddress: 8300 North Hayden, Suite 207Phoenix, AZ 85258Attorney Phone: 480-551-7020Attorney Fax: 480-467-0371Email:Web Site: http://www.disantoimmigrationlaw.comPractice Area: Immigration and Nationality Law; Employment Immigration.Establish Year:Attorneys in Firm: 0DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC is located at 8300 North Hayden, Suite 207 Phoenix, AZ 85258. Its phone number is 480-551-7020.Its practice areas include Immigration and Nationality Law; Employment Immigration. The number of attorneys at DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC is 0. There are over 7,000 immigration attorneys in United States. We suggest you contact other immigration attorney firms nearby before making any decisions.During your evaluation process, you should consider whether the immigration attorneys at DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC are members of American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA), how much they charge for the services, what's the fee schedule, if there is any hidden attorney fee, whether they have good community reputation and are able to provide a list of good references. You can also contact the Board of Professional Responsibility of the state bar, to find out if the immigration attorneys at DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC have ever been placed under any disciplinary actions. If there is any such disciplinary action, avoid using their services. Please be aware that, though DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC's office is located at Phoenix, AZ, the attorneys might belong to the bar association of other states.Focus of Lawyer's Practice and Years Practice are also very important factors in your evaluation process. The more focused the lawyers' practice areas, the better service they could provide. Length of practice, however, can be both positive and negative for an immigration attorney. So do not make decisions solely on one or two factors. .If you already have used DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC's services or have been in contact with them before, we strongly encourage you to write a review of DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC. This will be very helpful to other people.If you work for DiSanto and DiSanto, PLC, please take the listing to update the information.New Jobs | Green Card | H1B Visa | Student Visa | Work Visa | Immigration Attorney | About Us | Contact Us | FAQ | Visa ReportsCopyright © 2006 - 2021"
