"Browse IT Jobs | IT Job BoardHomeFind IT JobsRegister CVAdvertise JobsEmployer PricingContact usSign inSign upHomeFind IT JobsRegister CVAdvertise JobsEmployer PricingContact usFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.256 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchnetwork security consultantModern Workplace, Office 365 and End User ComputingSystemsUp Limited London and Home CountiesTechnical Consultant - Modern Workplace & End User Computing The role of the Technical Consultant is a hands -on technical position within SystemsUp and requires experience and practical knowledge of all forms of modern workplace technologies and solutions for end users. Our key technologies are the extensive Office 365 full collaboration suite and Windows 10 modern workspace solutions and associated technologies such as SCCM, Intune, security. Knowledge of and a commitment to modern public cloud technologies such as Azure is also key. These key areas will develop and grow based on vendor direction and customer requirement. The Technical Consultant will hold appropriate Microsoft (as well as other vendors) accreditations in relation to pre-sales and have experience and technical skills in the delivery of complex transformational programmes, with previous experience as an SME in one or more technology areas. Flexibility and agility must be a part of their personal skills as well as a proper understanding of correct process and adherence to quality principles, offering any advice and recommendations on improvements that could be made. Main Duties of the Job: Understanding of a customer’s technical requirements and aspirations in relation to technology; designing and implementing the design of technology solutions for customers and acting as a trusted advisor to our customers. Build excellent documentation, designs, implementation and migration plans using the input of others as required and spelling out clearly our desire to deliver customer outcomes. Play a part in workshops and meetings in a professional and engaging manner with the achievement of mutually desired solution outcomes. Technical ownership of the design and implementation, including supporting technologies. Maintain a broad understanding of vendor technologies products, an understanding of their architectural principles and, where appropriate, high level solution design skills and pre-sales accreditations in these products. Maintain an in-depth knowledge of industry standards relevant to the role and relevant vendor technology roadmaps. To obtain and maintain technical accreditations as required by management in accordance with the guidelines provided by manufacturers and software vendors. At all times to provide a courteous service and professional approach to customers and to the delivery of allocated tasks as required. Support presales activity as required in support of the Solution Architecture and Sales teams both within SystemsUp but also in support of the wider group (iomart and Cristie Data) such as attending meetings, writing or contributing to proposals, statements of work, contributing to RFP responses, contributing to business case materials and cost models. To adhere to all company policies and processes as communicated by line management in order to maintain corporate ISO accreditation levels. Technical Consultant: Skills, knowledge and experience: Hand on experience in designing and implementation of a broad range of technology solutions related to the following; modern workplace, hybrid/public/private cloud, networking, storage, security. Experience in contributing to proposals, statements of work, RFP responses, business cases, cost models and leading the review process. Excellent communication skills, both oral and written, enabling the presentation of complex technical solutions. Minimum of 5 years’ relevant experience in a customer facing technology focused organisation. Minimum of 5-8 years’ experience as an SME in one or more relevant technology areas Ability to mentor and team work alongside other technical staff to help develop their skills and role. Team player but with the ability to work unaided. Professional appearance and manners. Positive and constructive attitude in all work-related matters. Strong time management skills and ability to work at pace within a fast-moving environment. Location: London and extended Home Counties. Home based but with travel throughout the UK and occasional overnightsFeb 16, 2020Full timeTechnical Consultant - Modern Workplace & End User Computing The role of the Technical Consultant is a hands -on technical position within SystemsUp and requires experience and practical knowledge of all forms of modern workplace technologies and solutions for end users. Our key technologies are the extensive Office 365 full collaboration suite and Windows 10 modern workspace solutions and associated technologies such as SCCM, Intune, security. Knowledge of and a commitment to modern public cloud technologies such as Azure is also key. These key areas will develop and grow based on vendor direction and customer requirement. The Technical Consultant will hold appropriate Microsoft (as well as other vendors) accreditations in relation to pre-sales and have experience and technical skills in the delivery of complex transformational programmes, with previous experience as an SME in one or more technology areas. Flexibility and agility must be a part of their personal skills as well as a proper understanding of correct process and adherence to quality principles, offering any advice and recommendations on improvements that could be made. Main Duties of the Job: Understanding of a customer’s technical requirements and aspirations in relation to technology; designing and implementing the design of technology solutions for customers and acting as a trusted advisor to our customers. Build excellent documentation, designs, implementation and migration plans using the input of others as required and spelling out clearly our desire to deliver customer outcomes. Play a part in workshops and meetings in a professional and engaging manner with the achievement of mutually desired solution outcomes. Technical ownership of the design and implementation, including supporting technologies. Maintain a broad understanding of vendor technologies products, an understanding of their architectural principles and, where appropriate, high level solution design skills and pre-sales accreditations in these products. Maintain an in-depth knowledge of industry standards relevant to the role and relevant vendor technology roadmaps. To obtain and maintain technical accreditations as required by management in accordance with the guidelines provided by manufacturers and software vendors. At all times to provide a courteous service and professional approach to customers and to the delivery of allocated tasks as required. Support presales activity as required in support of the Solution Architecture and Sales teams both within SystemsUp but also in support of the wider group (iomart and Cristie Data) such as attending meetings, writing or contributing to proposals, statements of work, contributing to RFP responses, contributing to business case materials and cost models. To adhere to all company policies and processes as communicated by line management in order to maintain corporate ISO accreditation levels. Technical Consultant: Skills, knowledge and experience: Hand on experience in designing and implementation of a broad range of technology solutions related to the following; modern workplace, hybrid/public/private cloud, networking, storage, security. Experience in contributing to proposals, statements of work, RFP responses, business cases, cost models and leading the review process. Excellent communication skills, both oral and written, enabling the presentation of complex technical solutions. Minimum of 5 years’ relevant experience in a customer facing technology focused organisation. Minimum of 5-8 years’ experience as an SME in one or more relevant technology areas Ability to mentor and team work alongside other technical staff to help develop their skills and role. Team player but with the ability to work unaided. Professional appearance and manners. Positive and constructive attitude in all work-related matters. Strong time management skills and ability to work at pace within a fast-moving environment. Location: London and extended Home Counties. Home based but with travel throughout the UK and occasional overnightsDev/SysOps ManagerPropeller Studios Ltd Hitchin, United Kingdom‘Propeller Studios Ltd is a successful and growing cloud-based SaaS IT software business, based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, with a national client base. Our customer satisfaction KPI is close to 100% which we have achieved through a proactive, polite and “we are here to help and solve your problems” attitude.’ Due to our growth we are now looking for a senior member of staff to join us in the role of Dev/SysOps Manager. The Role You will be managing our local and remote mirrored server and network array on a day-to-day basis, addressing support requests and requirements for new infrastructure / software from the development team. You will be working with the broader business in order to solve customer issues such as integrations requirements. You will design, implement, and maintain practices and infrastructure to support the delivery of secure and robust technology solutions. The role will include hardware, configuration, and software changes, as well as the maintenance of critical components which include backup systems, anniversaries of licences and certifications, security, and compliance reporting. You will also be asked to aid in developing the client's infrastructure using automated tools, and writing software. You will be a member of the 24/7 critical incident response team. In the initial period you will be supported by our existing IT consultant in this area, with an objective of independent management after a six month period. Key Skills High level of experience in Linux operating systems LAMP stack setup and maintenance Microsoft Hyper-V setup and maintenance Physical and virtual network engineering Storage area networks MySQL server setup and optimisation (partitioning, clustering, etc.) E-Mail server setup and maintenance Server load balancing IP address management, procurement, and routing tables Fundamental knowledge of virtualised servers and network systems Physical and virtual redundancy practises Firewall and Web Application Filter setup and maintenance SSL/TLS protocol and certificate maintenance Security focused network and access restriction Setup and maintenance of backup systems Setup and maintenance of error reporting systems Ability to apply updates, patches, and reconfigure live systems Server log file analysis Highly experienced trouble shooting for network, operating system, and application level issues We emphasise that Linux experience is a necessary qualification to apply for the position. Rewards Salary of £50,000 per annum, 23 days paid holiday in addition to bank holidays, employer contributory pension scheme. We are an equal opportunities employer accredited to ISO27001Nov 16, 2017Full time‘Propeller Studios Ltd is a successful and growing cloud-based SaaS IT software business, based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, with a national client base. Our customer satisfaction KPI is close to 100% which we have achieved through a proactive, polite and “we are here to help and solve your problems” attitude.’ Due to our growth we are now looking for a senior member of staff to join us in the role of Dev/SysOps Manager. The Role You will be managing our local and remote mirrored server and network array on a day-to-day basis, addressing support requests and requirements for new infrastructure / software from the development team. You will be working with the broader business in order to solve customer issues such as integrations requirements. You will design, implement, and maintain practices and infrastructure to support the delivery of secure and robust technology solutions. The role will include hardware, configuration, and software changes, as well as the maintenance of critical components which include backup systems, anniversaries of licences and certifications, security, and compliance reporting. You will also be asked to aid in developing the client's infrastructure using automated tools, and writing software. You will be a member of the 24/7 critical incident response team. In the initial period you will be supported by our existing IT consultant in this area, with an objective of independent management after a six month period. Key Skills High level of experience in Linux operating systems LAMP stack setup and maintenance Microsoft Hyper-V setup and maintenance Physical and virtual network engineering Storage area networks MySQL server setup and optimisation (partitioning, clustering, etc.) E-Mail server setup and maintenance Server load balancing IP address management, procurement, and routing tables Fundamental knowledge of virtualised servers and network systems Physical and virtual redundancy practises Firewall and Web Application Filter setup and maintenance SSL/TLS protocol and certificate maintenance Security focused network and access restriction Setup and maintenance of backup systems Setup and maintenance of error reporting systems Ability to apply updates, patches, and reconfigure live systems Server log file analysis Highly experienced trouble shooting for network, operating system, and application level issues We emphasise that Linux experience is a necessary qualification to apply for the position. Rewards Salary of £50,000 per annum, 23 days paid holiday in addition to bank holidays, employer contributory pension scheme. We are an equal opportunities employer accredited to ISO27001IT Security ConsultantPolar Recruitment Services Limited Weybridge, SurreyIT Security Consultant £30,000 ~ 40,000 per annum depending on experience IT Security Consultant required to work within one of the best known and admired brands in the world. For this role you will responsible for the deployment, configuration, and administration of many different pieces of network and security-related hardware and software and security service across the companies affiliates i...... click apply for full job detailsJan 20, 2021Full timeIT Security Consultant £30,000 ~ 40,000 per annum depending on experience IT Security Consultant required to work within one of the best known and admired brands in the world. For this role you will responsible for the deployment, configuration, and administration of many different pieces of network and security-related hardware and software and security service across the companies affiliates i...... click apply for full job detailsNetworking and Security Consultant - £55-65k + £10k BnousPenguin Recruitment City, LondonNetworking and Security Consultant London £55-65k + £10k Bonus We are working with an exceptional IT solutions and services provider who are looking to recruit a Network and Security Consultant into their highly capable team. As a Networking and Security Consultant you will focus on design and delivery of complex networking and security projects...... click apply for full job detailsJan 20, 2021Full timeNetworking and Security Consultant London £55-65k + £10k Bonus We are working with an exceptional IT solutions and services provider who are looking to recruit a Network and Security Consultant into their highly capable team. As a Networking and Security Consultant you will focus on design and delivery of complex networking and security projects...... click apply for full job detailsPre-sales Network Security ConsultantConcept Information Technology Limited Reading, BerkshirePre-sales Network Security Consultant Reading (work from home, travel to customer site when required) Salary: £70,000 - £80,000 + car allowance + bonus + benefits A specialist Networking, Security and Cloud practice based near Reading are looking for a Pre-sales Network Security Consultant , due to an increase in workload and successfully sealed projects going into 2021...... click apply for full job detailsJan 19, 2021Full timePre-sales Network Security Consultant Reading (work from home, travel to customer site when required) Salary: £70,000 - £80,000 + car allowance + bonus + benefits A specialist Networking, Security and Cloud practice based near Reading are looking for a Pre-sales Network Security Consultant , due to an increase in workload and successfully sealed projects going into 2021...... click apply for full job detailsFirewall / Network EngineerHarvey Nash Banstead, SurreyFirewall Engineer A leading financial service are looking to hire a Firewall Engineer Purpose of your role: A Senior Technical Consultant within ENS will be expected to have a broad technical understanding in Network, Firewall and Security and able to integrate different technologies into complicated solutions based on business requirements...... click apply for full job detailsJan 19, 2021Full timeFirewall Engineer A leading financial service are looking to hire a Firewall Engineer Purpose of your role: A Senior Technical Consultant within ENS will be expected to have a broad technical understanding in Network, Firewall and Security and able to integrate different technologies into complicated solutions based on business requirements...... click apply for full job detailsCyber Security Analyst / Technical ConsultantBusiness Analysis and Project Management City, LondonCyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant London / WfH to £65k Cyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant. Do you have a broad range of Cyber Security knowledge? You could be progressing your career at a rapidly expanding scale-up software house that is developing a highly complex network cyber security platform, taking ownership and working on Greenfield projects...... click apply for full job detailsJan 19, 2021Full timeCyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant London / WfH to £65k Cyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant. Do you have a broad range of Cyber Security knowledge? You could be progressing your career at a rapidly expanding scale-up software house that is developing a highly complex network cyber security platform, taking ownership and working on Greenfield projects...... click apply for full job detailsCyber Security Analyst / Technical ConsultantClient Server City, LondonCyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant London / WfH to £65k Cyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant. Do you have a broad range of Cyber Security knowledge? You could be progressing your career at a rapidly expanding scale-up software house that is developing a highly complex network cyber security platform, taking ownership and working on Greenfield projects...... click apply for full job detailsJan 19, 2021Full timeCyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant London / WfH to £65k Cyber Security Analyst / Technical Consultant. Do you have a broad range of Cyber Security knowledge? You could be progressing your career at a rapidly expanding scale-up software house that is developing a highly complex network cyber security platform, taking ownership and working on Greenfield projects...... click apply for full job detailsSenior User Experience Researcher (Consulting)TEKsystems Leeds, YorkshireOur client, a leading Digital Consultancy, are looking for two Senior User Researchers with strong User Research skills who can support their clients with critical programmes. This organisation are performing well despite the economic climate, with a strong client base and engagement pipeline. You'll join a team of highly capable UX/UR professionals, working in partnership with prestigious end clients, helping them to understand their needs. With this in mind, you'll need to be credible in front of clients and be credible with both technical and business stakeholders. This is an opportunity to work on high profile engagements, developing your skills while adding immediate value. To be successful in the role you will need to be able to demonstrate deep knowledge and experience User Research, ideally within the public sector (GDS). You'll be working in an environment which promotes learning and you'll be treated with the respect you deserve. As you'd expect, interviews and on-boarding can be done remotely. Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Jan 19, 2021Full timeOur client, a leading Digital Consultancy, are looking for two Senior User Researchers with strong User Research skills who can support their clients with critical programmes. This organisation are performing well despite the economic climate, with a strong client base and engagement pipeline. You'll join a team of highly capable UX/UR professionals, working in partnership with prestigious end clients, helping them to understand their needs. With this in mind, you'll need to be credible in front of clients and be credible with both technical and business stakeholders. This is an opportunity to work on high profile engagements, developing your skills while adding immediate value. To be successful in the role you will need to be able to demonstrate deep knowledge and experience User Research, ideally within the public sector (GDS). You'll be working in an environment which promotes learning and you'll be treated with the respect you deserve. As you'd expect, interviews and on-boarding can be done remotely. Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Cloud Infrastructure Engineer - Cloud, MSP, ProjectsRecruitmentRevolution.com Southampton, HampshireWe are expanding and we re looking for a technically confident Cloud Infrastructure Consultant/Project Engineer to join our team bringing the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and our broad range of IT Services, to businesses along the South Coast, across the UK and around the world. The role is 50% project work, 20% Pre-Sales, 10% development of new services and 20% supporting the Helpdesk team. Role Info: Cloud Infrastructure Engineer Cloud, MSP, Projects Market-Leading IT Services & Cloud MSP East of Southampton near Lyndhurst plus some client travel (Covid Permitting) £55,000 £60,000 Base Salary Plus Benefits inc Friday WFH post Covid. The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer Role : Working as the wing person to our Technical Director, your technical knowledge brings you the confidence to be candid and straight forward in your advice and project management support and you'll be able to step into his shoes on occasion as we expand. This role suits a technically ambitious and curious individual with a passion for qualitative work and a thirst for projects with high profile clients (including one of the largest Fintechs in the world. You will thrive on a busy project workload with technical complexity. Our forward-thinking partnership approach has seen us successfully support interesting global clients in financial services, retail and media for over 10 years. With technical reach now extending to the USA and Singapore it s an exciting time to join us! We re ideally looking for someone who has: + 5 years infrastructure migration experience and confident, hands on data centre exposure + 2 years of experience providing cloud solutions, including hybrid solutions on-premises or in the cloud, lift- and-shift initiatives, migrations and upgrades. + 5 years of experience designing and delivering infrastructure and hosting solutions seat scale. + Strong client facing skills, an ability to build strong and enduring relationships with SMEs in multiple sectors + A qualitative and consultative approach and above average documentation + A car and full driving licence to reach clients in the South plus our data centres in Fleet and Slough Your knowledge & skills of Interest to us include: + Virtualisation technologies such as Microsoft Hyper-V and VMWare + Azure Private Cloud Deployments IE: Virtual Server Deployments, SaaS deployments + Layer 2 data centre access/virtual access layer switching, vlans, VLAN trunking, firewalls, NVAs, secure application gateways/reverse proxies, SSL offloading, load balancing. + MPLS/VPLS, DNS (BIND & Microsoft DNS), voice/video integration SIP, IP-PBX, SBC. + Cisco/HP Networking Your day to day responsibilities include: + Pre-sales technical consultancy on infrastructure services from Legacy transition to new design and complex migration situations. + Design acting as the technical design authority creating and/or approving solution designs + Working as trusted advisor to key accounts to provide them with transparent technical consultancy + Influencing technical, security and economic value decision making on design solutions + Implementation Provide hands-on configuration of complex and custom components for project implementations and service improvements/changes + Working with Operations Team as a technical subject matter expert (SME), refining solution, design, testing and deployment + Some Travel An 80% in-office with 20% for occasional attendance on client sites for solution meetings and data centre visits, and possibly overseas travel (all Covid permitting!) What s in it for you? + Technology Choice Select the right choice for clients, not just the only choice and continue to support them in their growth with our extensive portfolio of services. + Project & Client Variety You ll enjoy being exposed to a rolling variety of projects but have space and opportunity to think innovatively and work closely with clients in solving their technology challenges. + Personal Growth Working in the Technical Director's slipstream, you ll be in good company and with colleagues who come from strong technical careers and are collaboratively invested in each other s success and client focus. + Personal Contribution If you ve ever wanted to RIP up the corporate service playbook and have a voice in shaping, not only your client s environment but the future technology direction in your business, this might be your opportunity. Why Us? We have strong expertise in delivering complex, sensitive environments, providing secure solutions for challenger businesses seeking solutions to complex security challenges. We re commercially creative and transparent with clients. We take a long-term interest in each clients success, achieving trusted adviser status and we re supported by strong supplier partnerships giving us an edge when we need it. When you become a part of the team, we ll take a real interest in your success too. Our culture is ethical, professional and detail driven. Reputation is our currency and the values we live by as a team include innovation, commitment, resilience, and excellence. And, of course, on occasion we let our hair down and enjoy spending quality time together outside of work as people, instead of colleagues. How we hire: + Your CV is your first opportunity to demonstrate your consulting ability it will be reviewed by our hiring team which includes our Technical Director & CEO. We love to see context and hear the challenges and learning you've successfully navigated around projects you've executed. + We hold 1st stage interviews by phone where you ll be encouraged to share your project experience and technical evolution. After hours interviews are possible by arrangement. + 2nd stage Interviews are conducted by video, and onsite meet-ups can follow (Covid permitting), where you meet the team, see the office and mutually explore how our company DNA and technology vision might fit and satisfy your career direction. Even if you don't match 100% of the criteria we are looking for we'd encourage you to apply. Compensation & Benefits: + Salary £55K-£60K base + Opportunity of Team Bonus + 30 days holiday (including bank holidays) + Hours 9-5.30 pm + Flexible working by arrangement + Country house office location + Pension + Free car parking on site + Bike Sheds so you can cycle to work + Company high street retailer voucher scheme + Quarterly celebrations with the whole team Equal Opportunities: We an equal opportunities employer and welcomes individuals who are in possession of the appropriate requirements to work within the UK/EU. ?Offered individuals may be asked to undertake identity and security compliance checks and rest assured, your privacy is important to us. Interested? Apply here for a fast-track path to the Hiring Manager Your Experience/Background/Previous Roles May Include: Infrastructure Engineer, Infrastructure Consultant, Senior Engineer, MSP Consultant, Cloud Solutions Consultant. Application notice We take your privacy seriously. When you apply, we shall process your details and pass your application to our client for review for this vacancy only. As you might expect we may contact you by email, text or telephone. Your data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interests in fulfilling the recruitment process. Please refer to our Data Privacy Policy & Notice on our website for further details. If you have any pre-application questions please contact us first quoting the job title & ref. Good luck, Team RR.Jan 19, 2021Full timeWe are expanding and we re looking for a technically confident Cloud Infrastructure Consultant/Project Engineer to join our team bringing the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and our broad range of IT Services, to businesses along the South Coast, across the UK and around the world. The role is 50% project work, 20% Pre-Sales, 10% development of new services and 20% supporting the Helpdesk team. Role Info: Cloud Infrastructure Engineer Cloud, MSP, Projects Market-Leading IT Services & Cloud MSP East of Southampton near Lyndhurst plus some client travel (Covid Permitting) £55,000 £60,000 Base Salary Plus Benefits inc Friday WFH post Covid. The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer Role : Working as the wing person to our Technical Director, your technical knowledge brings you the confidence to be candid and straight forward in your advice and project management support and you'll be able to step into his shoes on occasion as we expand. This role suits a technically ambitious and curious individual with a passion for qualitative work and a thirst for projects with high profile clients (including one of the largest Fintechs in the world. You will thrive on a busy project workload with technical complexity. Our forward-thinking partnership approach has seen us successfully support interesting global clients in financial services, retail and media for over 10 years. With technical reach now extending to the USA and Singapore it s an exciting time to join us! We re ideally looking for someone who has: + 5 years infrastructure migration experience and confident, hands on data centre exposure + 2 years of experience providing cloud solutions, including hybrid solutions on-premises or in the cloud, lift- and-shift initiatives, migrations and upgrades. + 5 years of experience designing and delivering infrastructure and hosting solutions seat scale. + Strong client facing skills, an ability to build strong and enduring relationships with SMEs in multiple sectors + A qualitative and consultative approach and above average documentation + A car and full driving licence to reach clients in the South plus our data centres in Fleet and Slough Your knowledge & skills of Interest to us include: + Virtualisation technologies such as Microsoft Hyper-V and VMWare + Azure Private Cloud Deployments IE: Virtual Server Deployments, SaaS deployments + Layer 2 data centre access/virtual access layer switching, vlans, VLAN trunking, firewalls, NVAs, secure application gateways/reverse proxies, SSL offloading, load balancing. + MPLS/VPLS, DNS (BIND & Microsoft DNS), voice/video integration SIP, IP-PBX, SBC. + Cisco/HP Networking Your day to day responsibilities include: + Pre-sales technical consultancy on infrastructure services from Legacy transition to new design and complex migration situations. + Design acting as the technical design authority creating and/or approving solution designs + Working as trusted advisor to key accounts to provide them with transparent technical consultancy + Influencing technical, security and economic value decision making on design solutions + Implementation Provide hands-on configuration of complex and custom components for project implementations and service improvements/changes + Working with Operations Team as a technical subject matter expert (SME), refining solution, design, testing and deployment + Some Travel An 80% in-office with 20% for occasional attendance on client sites for solution meetings and data centre visits, and possibly overseas travel (all Covid permitting!) What s in it for you? + Technology Choice Select the right choice for clients, not just the only choice and continue to support them in their growth with our extensive portfolio of services. + Project & Client Variety You ll enjoy being exposed to a rolling variety of projects but have space and opportunity to think innovatively and work closely with clients in solving their technology challenges. + Personal Growth Working in the Technical Director's slipstream, you ll be in good company and with colleagues who come from strong technical careers and are collaboratively invested in each other s success and client focus. + Personal Contribution If you ve ever wanted to RIP up the corporate service playbook and have a voice in shaping, not only your client s environment but the future technology direction in your business, this might be your opportunity. Why Us? We have strong expertise in delivering complex, sensitive environments, providing secure solutions for challenger businesses seeking solutions to complex security challenges. We re commercially creative and transparent with clients. We take a long-term interest in each clients success, achieving trusted adviser status and we re supported by strong supplier partnerships giving us an edge when we need it. When you become a part of the team, we ll take a real interest in your success too. Our culture is ethical, professional and detail driven. Reputation is our currency and the values we live by as a team include innovation, commitment, resilience, and excellence. And, of course, on occasion we let our hair down and enjoy spending quality time together outside of work as people, instead of colleagues. How we hire: + Your CV is your first opportunity to demonstrate your consulting ability it will be reviewed by our hiring team which includes our Technical Director & CEO. We love to see context and hear the challenges and learning you've successfully navigated around projects you've executed. + We hold 1st stage interviews by phone where you ll be encouraged to share your project experience and technical evolution. After hours interviews are possible by arrangement. + 2nd stage Interviews are conducted by video, and onsite meet-ups can follow (Covid permitting), where you meet the team, see the office and mutually explore how our company DNA and technology vision might fit and satisfy your career direction. Even if you don't match 100% of the criteria we are looking for we'd encourage you to apply. Compensation & Benefits: + Salary £55K-£60K base + Opportunity of Team Bonus + 30 days holiday (including bank holidays) + Hours 9-5.30 pm + Flexible working by arrangement + Country house office location + Pension + Free car parking on site + Bike Sheds so you can cycle to work + Company high street retailer voucher scheme + Quarterly celebrations with the whole team Equal Opportunities: We an equal opportunities employer and welcomes individuals who are in possession of the appropriate requirements to work within the UK/EU. ?Offered individuals may be asked to undertake identity and security compliance checks and rest assured, your privacy is important to us. Interested? Apply here for a fast-track path to the Hiring Manager Your Experience/Background/Previous Roles May Include: Infrastructure Engineer, Infrastructure Consultant, Senior Engineer, MSP Consultant, Cloud Solutions Consultant. Application notice We take your privacy seriously. When you apply, we shall process your details and pass your application to our client for review for this vacancy only. As you might expect we may contact you by email, text or telephone. Your data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interests in fulfilling the recruitment process. Please refer to our Data Privacy Policy & Notice on our website for further details. If you have any pre-application questions please contact us first quoting the job title & ref. Good luck, Team RR.Azure ArchitectCANCOMWe are currently hiring an Azure Technical Consultant for an initial 3-6 months contract assignment. The role will be mixture of remote and on client site for meetings (The duration is likely to extend) Azure Technical Consultant will be focused around solutions aligned to Microsoft Cloud. This is largely focused around Azure (IaaS / PaaS / SaaS), Security, Identity and Networking, but as and when C...... click apply for full job detailsJan 18, 2021ContractorWe are currently hiring an Azure Technical Consultant for an initial 3-6 months contract assignment. The role will be mixture of remote and on client site for meetings (The duration is likely to extend) Azure Technical Consultant will be focused around solutions aligned to Microsoft Cloud. This is largely focused around Azure (IaaS / PaaS / SaaS), Security, Identity and Networking, but as and when C...... click apply for full job detailsApplication Support AnalystTEKsystems City, London[Commodities, Support, Application Support, FIX Protocol, FIX, SQL, Oracle, Windows, Powershell, Python, Shell, Excel, VBA] A leading commodities trading firm are searching for an Application Support Analyst to join their team. Within this role you will provide front line support for all the firm's applications that are utilised for trading. You will be expected to manage the day-to-day performance of these applications and also collaborate with relevant teams to plan, test, and implement system enhancements. My client's company culture encourages employee development by offering world-class employee training, and looking to promote within, frequently allowing employees to pursue roles in different areas when doing so. The need for this has come about as an existing team member has been promoted into a BA role following there desire to move into the area Requirements: Experience diagnosing application problems in a Windows environment Evidence of skills in SQL Server or Oracle Knowledge of a Scripting language Bonus: Proficiency with Excel/VBA [Commodities, Support, Application Support, FIX Protocol, FIX, SQL, Oracle, Windows, Powershell, Python, Shell, Excel, VBA] Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Jan 18, 2021Full time[Commodities, Support, Application Support, FIX Protocol, FIX, SQL, Oracle, Windows, Powershell, Python, Shell, Excel, VBA] A leading commodities trading firm are searching for an Application Support Analyst to join their team. Within this role you will provide front line support for all the firm's applications that are utilised for trading. You will be expected to manage the day-to-day performance of these applications and also collaborate with relevant teams to plan, test, and implement system enhancements. My client's company culture encourages employee development by offering world-class employee training, and looking to promote within, frequently allowing employees to pursue roles in different areas when doing so. The need for this has come about as an existing team member has been promoted into a BA role following there desire to move into the area Requirements: Experience diagnosing application problems in a Windows environment Evidence of skills in SQL Server or Oracle Knowledge of a Scripting language Bonus: Proficiency with Excel/VBA [Commodities, Support, Application Support, FIX Protocol, FIX, SQL, Oracle, Windows, Powershell, Python, Shell, Excel, VBA] Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Senior Solutions Executive (Pre-Sales & Applications)TEKsystemsSolutions Executive, Solutions Architect, Solutions Director, Solutions Manager, Enterprise Architect, Pre-Sales, Presales, Pre Sales, App, Apps, Application, development, devops, cloud, testing, ERP, Oracle, infra, Data Centres, Finance, Agile. An American IT Consultancy with a global presence are searching for a Senior Solutions Executive to join their UK operations. My client has well established operations within the UK but are searching for an additional Solutions Executive with great expertise to further fuel their successful growth. This is an exciting time to join as there is the opportunity to play an incremental and influential role in pushing for this future growth. In this role you will primarily be delivering application based solutions. You will also be expected to heavily engage in the pre-sales of these solutions. A large majority of the clients you will deal with are within the finance industry so experience within a similar background will definitely come in use. Requirements: Experience delivering application based solutions Experienced within pre-sales In depth understanding of development, therefore a developer background is preferred Knowledge of AWS or GCP Knowledge of Agile Experience working within finance Previous experience isn't heavily aligned to Microsoft stack Come from a project based/consulting background Java experience preferable [Solutions Executive, Solutions Architect, Solutions Director, Solutions Manager, Enterprise Architect, Pre-Sales, Presales, Pre Sales, App, Apps, Application, development, devops, cloud, testing, ERP, Oracle, infra, Data Centres, Finance, Agile] Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Jan 18, 2021Full timeSolutions Executive, Solutions Architect, Solutions Director, Solutions Manager, Enterprise Architect, Pre-Sales, Presales, Pre Sales, App, Apps, Application, development, devops, cloud, testing, ERP, Oracle, infra, Data Centres, Finance, Agile. An American IT Consultancy with a global presence are searching for a Senior Solutions Executive to join their UK operations. My client has well established operations within the UK but are searching for an additional Solutions Executive with great expertise to further fuel their successful growth. This is an exciting time to join as there is the opportunity to play an incremental and influential role in pushing for this future growth. In this role you will primarily be delivering application based solutions. You will also be expected to heavily engage in the pre-sales of these solutions. A large majority of the clients you will deal with are within the finance industry so experience within a similar background will definitely come in use. Requirements: Experience delivering application based solutions Experienced within pre-sales In depth understanding of development, therefore a developer background is preferred Knowledge of AWS or GCP Knowledge of Agile Experience working within finance Previous experience isn't heavily aligned to Microsoft stack Come from a project based/consulting background Java experience preferable [Solutions Executive, Solutions Architect, Solutions Director, Solutions Manager, Enterprise Architect, Pre-Sales, Presales, Pre Sales, App, Apps, Application, development, devops, cloud, testing, ERP, Oracle, infra, Data Centres, Finance, Agile] Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Infrastructure Consultant (X3)GCI Network Solutions Ltd St. Albans, HertfordshireInfrastructure Consultant (X3) required for one of the UK's fastest growing MSPs Location: Home-based (UK Only) with occasional travel to meet Business needs GCI is a leading Converged ICT Service Provider offering a suite of end-to-end ICT products and services (including IT support, unified communications, cloud, security and network/infrastructure services), helping organisations to benefit from ...... click apply for full job detailsJan 18, 2021Full timeInfrastructure Consultant (X3) required for one of the UK's fastest growing MSPs Location: Home-based (UK Only) with occasional travel to meet Business needs GCI is a leading Converged ICT Service Provider offering a suite of end-to-end ICT products and services (including IT support, unified communications, cloud, security and network/infrastructure services), helping organisations to benefit from ...... click apply for full job detailsIT Security ConsultantGattacaPURPOSE OF THE JOB: The main responsibility of the role is to deployment, configuration, and administration of many different pieces of network and security-related hardware and software and security service in Europe. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Network & Security device(IDS/IPS, etc) Management To provide technical guidance and support for system operator Network installation, configuration & chang...... click apply for full job detailsJan 18, 2021Full timePURPOSE OF THE JOB: The main responsibility of the role is to deployment, configuration, and administration of many different pieces of network and security-related hardware and software and security service in Europe. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Network & Security device(IDS/IPS, etc) Management To provide technical guidance and support for system operator Network installation, configuration & chang...... click apply for full job detailsAzure Consultant / WinOps Engineer / Contract / BathTalent International (Uk) Ltd Bath, SomersetContract DevOPs Engineer / WinOps Engineer Talent are partnered with an organistion in the south west who have an urgent need for a contract site reliability engineer. I need someoe with the following experience; Working knowledge of: > Expertise in Microsoft Azure and Office 365 and its relevant build, deployment, networking and security technologies in cloud and hybrid environments...... click apply for full job detailsJan 18, 2021Full timeContract DevOPs Engineer / WinOps Engineer Talent are partnered with an organistion in the south west who have an urgent need for a contract site reliability engineer. I need someoe with the following experience; Working knowledge of: > Expertise in Microsoft Azure and Office 365 and its relevant build, deployment, networking and security technologies in cloud and hybrid environments...... click apply for full job detailsAzure Security Engineer - Remote WorkingTEKsystems Manchester, LancashireOur client are a global household name operating in the Banking sector. They currently have a wide range of projects ongoing in the bank linked to a multicloud adoption strategy. Cyber security is at the heart of their company culture and given their industry and sensitive nature of business diligence and expertise are what make them a leader in their field. As a note this role is for a hands on cloud Engineer who can demonstrate strong experience in security. Azure experience is essential for this role Financial services experience is also essential What We Expect Of You, Day To Day. This specific opportunity requires someone with a keen desire to work as part of a global team to act as a cloud security champion to further the direction and strategy; to work closely with all security stakeholders to continuously improve the Cybersecurity services provided Participate in proof of concepts and other technical evaluations of technologies, designs and solutions To act as a security SME specifically focused on cloud security, automation, and monitoring technologies (Cloud Discovery, Cloud Hosting Security Monitoring, CASB, DLP and data analytics) The ability to support and contribute across other security technologies to complement the VPL Cybersecurity Engineering function. Work with the Cybersecurity Incident response team to develop enhanced monitoring using applied threat intelligence and sensor enrichment. The ability to support and contribute across other security technologies to complement the Cyber Engineering function and stay abreast of emerging technologies and proactively assess and evaluate the adoption thereof into the organisation. Develop and expand API framework to InterconnecT Security Tools. Document processes and artefacts as part of the security remediation projects. Other key skills and experience You will need to be passionate about learning technologies and understanding the strengths and weaknesses of each, identifying opportunities for integration with other toolsets to increase the layers of defence As well as being self-disciplined, organised and able to prioritise and plan your own workload, you will be expected to understand the rest of the team's activities You will be expected to know your stakeholders and understand their needs to provide an excellent service. Excellent soft skills are essential to support team members when required as well as communicating with others teams inside and outside of Cybersecurity Cloud Security Certification or equivalent industry certification to demonstrate cloud security awareness. A very high level and demonstrable Cloud Security experience Familiarity with SSO design and setup,cloud based IAM solutions for Saas & Paas solutions. Demonstrable experience of administration of Cloud Security Tools ie Exposure to Azure. Experience of on boarding applications to Cloud based security monitoring tools. Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Jan 18, 2021ContractorOur client are a global household name operating in the Banking sector. They currently have a wide range of projects ongoing in the bank linked to a multicloud adoption strategy. Cyber security is at the heart of their company culture and given their industry and sensitive nature of business diligence and expertise are what make them a leader in their field. As a note this role is for a hands on cloud Engineer who can demonstrate strong experience in security. Azure experience is essential for this role Financial services experience is also essential What We Expect Of You, Day To Day. This specific opportunity requires someone with a keen desire to work as part of a global team to act as a cloud security champion to further the direction and strategy; to work closely with all security stakeholders to continuously improve the Cybersecurity services provided Participate in proof of concepts and other technical evaluations of technologies, designs and solutions To act as a security SME specifically focused on cloud security, automation, and monitoring technologies (Cloud Discovery, Cloud Hosting Security Monitoring, CASB, DLP and data analytics) The ability to support and contribute across other security technologies to complement the VPL Cybersecurity Engineering function. Work with the Cybersecurity Incident response team to develop enhanced monitoring using applied threat intelligence and sensor enrichment. The ability to support and contribute across other security technologies to complement the Cyber Engineering function and stay abreast of emerging technologies and proactively assess and evaluate the adoption thereof into the organisation. Develop and expand API framework to InterconnecT Security Tools. Document processes and artefacts as part of the security remediation projects. Other key skills and experience You will need to be passionate about learning technologies and understanding the strengths and weaknesses of each, identifying opportunities for integration with other toolsets to increase the layers of defence As well as being self-disciplined, organised and able to prioritise and plan your own workload, you will be expected to understand the rest of the team's activities You will be expected to know your stakeholders and understand their needs to provide an excellent service. Excellent soft skills are essential to support team members when required as well as communicating with others teams inside and outside of Cybersecurity Cloud Security Certification or equivalent industry certification to demonstrate cloud security awareness. A very high level and demonstrable Cloud Security experience Familiarity with SSO design and setup,cloud based IAM solutions for Saas & Paas solutions. Demonstrable experience of administration of Cloud Security Tools ie Exposure to Azure. Experience of on boarding applications to Cloud based security monitoring tools. Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.C++ DeveloperTEKsystemsC++ Developer (C++, iOS, Android) We currently have an exciting opportunity to join a hyper-growth startup as a Senior Software Engineer in the mobile space. This company, one of the most well-funded start-ups in the UK, has gone from strength to strength this year and are now looking to develop an app for their organisation, one of the first of its kind in this industry and domain. To join this high performing development team, we will need you to be: A talented engineer that has come from a solid C++ background Demonstrable experience developing complex end-user applications (with Back End services using REST APIs) Someone who exhibits best practice and cares about their code (unit test, code reviews, refactoring all come under this banner for us) It would be beneficial if: You have also worked on iOS (Objective-C, C++ and Swift are the key things we are looking out for here) and Andriod too (specifically Kotlin and NDK/JNI). If this sounds like a project that could interest you please apply now and we will look to get back to you shortly. C++, iOS, Swift, Android, Kotlin, Qt, CI, REST API, Test, Unit Test, refactoring, concurrency, networking, security, performance Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Jan 18, 2021ContractorC++ Developer (C++, iOS, Android) We currently have an exciting opportunity to join a hyper-growth startup as a Senior Software Engineer in the mobile space. This company, one of the most well-funded start-ups in the UK, has gone from strength to strength this year and are now looking to develop an app for their organisation, one of the first of its kind in this industry and domain. To join this high performing development team, we will need you to be: A talented engineer that has come from a solid C++ background Demonstrable experience developing complex end-user applications (with Back End services using REST APIs) Someone who exhibits best practice and cares about their code (unit test, code reviews, refactoring all come under this banner for us) It would be beneficial if: You have also worked on iOS (Objective-C, C++ and Swift are the key things we are looking out for here) and Andriod too (specifically Kotlin and NDK/JNI). If this sounds like a project that could interest you please apply now and we will look to get back to you shortly. C++, iOS, Swift, Android, Kotlin, Qt, CI, REST API, Test, Unit Test, refactoring, concurrency, networking, security, performance Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Solution designerTEKsystems Edinburgh, MidlothianOne of our largest financial sector clients are looking for an experienced end to end technology solution architect to join their team. The successful consultant will be expected to help define the high-level technical architecture and design solutions that deliver great business outcomes and meet the longer term goals. Skills: Expert knowledge and practical experience of application architectures Experience of cloud hosting arrangements (AWS, Azure) Strong Software Engineering skills, including knowledge of Object Oriented Programming (Java EE or similar), Web Services, Mobile App Development, Micro services, JavaScript and Single Page Web Applications Experience of using integration technologies Experience with data, security and good knowledge of infrastructure and run time operations Agile Experience analysing, designing and supporting delivery of features within FS. Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Jan 18, 2021ContractorOne of our largest financial sector clients are looking for an experienced end to end technology solution architect to join their team. The successful consultant will be expected to help define the high-level technical architecture and design solutions that deliver great business outcomes and meet the longer term goals. Skills: Expert knowledge and practical experience of application architectures Experience of cloud hosting arrangements (AWS, Azure) Strong Software Engineering skills, including knowledge of Object Oriented Programming (Java EE or similar), Web Services, Mobile App Development, Micro services, JavaScript and Single Page Web Applications Experience of using integration technologies Experience with data, security and good knowledge of infrastructure and run time operations Agile Experience analysing, designing and supporting delivery of features within FS. Trading as TEKsystems. Allegis Group Limited, Bracknell, RG12 1RT, United Kingdom. No. . Allegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. TEKsystems is a company within the Allegis Group network of companies (collectively referred to as \"Allegis Group\"). Aerotek, Aston Carter, EASi, Talentis Solutions, TEKsystems, Stamford Consultants and The Stamford Group are Allegis Group brands. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available at our website. To access our Online Privacy Notice, which explains what information we may collect, use, share, and store about you, and describes your rights and choices about this, please go to our website. We are part of a global network of companies and as a result, the personal data you provide will be shared within Allegis Group and transferred and processed outside the UK, Switzerland and European Economic Area subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. We store personal data in the UK, EEA, Switzerland and the USA. If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please visit the \"Contacting Us\" section of our Online Privacy Notice at our website for details on how to contact us. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID if there is an account associated with your request, or identifying information such as your address or date of birth, before proceeding with your request.Security ConsultantANSON MCCADESecurity Consultant Summary Are you an experienced Security Consultant looking for the next step in your career? Can you problem solve complex security issues and communicate the answer to a wide range of stakeholders? We require a Security Consultant that can take a key role in a customer facing team, you will support the delivery of highly secure network services into a major account within Defence...... click apply for full job detailsJan 18, 2021Full timeSecurity Consultant Summary Are you an experienced Security Consultant looking for the next step in your career? Can you problem solve complex security issues and communicate the answer to a wide range of stakeholders? We require a Security Consultant that can take a key role in a customer facing team, you will support the delivery of highly secure network services into a major account within Defence...... click apply for full job detailsLoad moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inIT blogFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedInYoutubeParent and Partner sites: Search Jobs Near Me | Construction Job Board© 2008-2021 IT Job Board"
