"Jobs | Vegan Job Board - Jobs For VegansJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsSign inSign upJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs12 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchLegal Customer Service Writer/ Editor Media-Journalism Remote JobRefine by CategoriesNon-Profit (19) Biotech (4) Marketing (4) Research (4) Veterinary Services (3) Environmental (3)Engineering (2) Executive (2) Finance (2) Management (2) Other (2) Strategy-Planning (2) Administrative Assistant (2) Business Development (1) Design (1) General Labor (1) Health Care (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (10) Remote Work (1) Intern (1)Email me jobs like thisMedia Relations OfficerPETA RemotePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Research SpecialistPETA Norfolk, VA, USAAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Jan 11, 2021Full timeAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Digital Fundraising AnalystPETA RemotePosition Objectives: To assist the PETA Foundation and supported organizations with online fundraising and lead-generation analysis. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • In consultation with PETA Foundation and its supported organizations and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by them: o Compile and distribute ad results and analysis. Including reporting on donations, leads, and reach. o Analyze the results of ad tests, including creative, landing page, and copy tests. o Set up, monitor, and report on tests in Google Optimize. o Monitor digital ad audience populations and identify segments of supporters for retargeting. o In Tableau, create visual reports, ensure existing reports are functional and up-to-date, and monitor data syncs. o Analyze overall donation behavior, including, but not limited to, identifying areas of opportunity that we may be able to move the needle with digital ads. o Identify,...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To assist the PETA Foundation and supported organizations with online fundraising and lead-generation analysis. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • In consultation with PETA Foundation and its supported organizations and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by them: o Compile and distribute ad results and analysis. Including reporting on donations, leads, and reach. o Analyze the results of ad tests, including creative, landing page, and copy tests. o Set up, monitor, and report on tests in Google Optimize. o Monitor digital ad audience populations and identify segments of supporters for retargeting. o In Tableau, create visual reports, ensure existing reports are functional and up-to-date, and monitor data syncs. o Analyze overall donation behavior, including, but not limited to, identifying areas of opportunity that we may be able to move the needle with digital ads. o Identify,...Advertising CoordinatorPETA RemotePosition Objective: To obtain free and paid placement of PETA public service announcements (PSAs) and advertisements for billboards, print media, TV, radio, and online media Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop new pitch ideas and revamp pitches in order to increase free or reduced-rate placement of PSAs and ads • Develop and implement strategies for generating PSA and ad placement • Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and PSA directors to negotiate free or reduced-rate placements • Determine the effectiveness of PSA pitches and make recommendations based on these determinations • Ensure proper timing of PSA pitches in order to avoid conflicts with other media calendar items • Develop and maintain all records of PSA and ad placements • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: • Degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Three years of marketing or advertising experience...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To obtain free and paid placement of PETA public service announcements (PSAs) and advertisements for billboards, print media, TV, radio, and online media Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop new pitch ideas and revamp pitches in order to increase free or reduced-rate placement of PSAs and ads • Develop and implement strategies for generating PSA and ad placement • Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and PSA directors to negotiate free or reduced-rate placements • Determine the effectiveness of PSA pitches and make recommendations based on these determinations • Ensure proper timing of PSA pitches in order to avoid conflicts with other media calendar items • Develop and maintain all records of PSA and ad placements • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: • Degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Three years of marketing or advertising experience...Internship with Vegan TV NetworkPlant Based Network Remote (Remote: Worldwide)Overview As we launch PBNet 2.0 we are actively seeking talented volunteers and interns for the following remote positions. Applicants should be passionate about promoting the plant-based lifestyle. Guest Blogger Social Media Intern Marketing Intern Webmaster Intern (WordPress) Content Editor Brand Influencer Video Interviewer Show Host Recipe Submission Video Editor News Reporter Event Organizer PR & Media What you will gain: Professional experience working as part of a team dedicated to promoting the plant-based lifestyle University or college credit for select applicants A staff listing on our website with your photo & bio An author bio on every article with links to your website & social media channels Your content promoted on all of our websites, social media channels, and groupsJan 11, 2021Remote WorkOverview As we launch PBNet 2.0 we are actively seeking talented volunteers and interns for the following remote positions. Applicants should be passionate about promoting the plant-based lifestyle. Guest Blogger Social Media Intern Marketing Intern Webmaster Intern (WordPress) Content Editor Brand Influencer Video Interviewer Show Host Recipe Submission Video Editor News Reporter Event Organizer PR & Media What you will gain: Professional experience working as part of a team dedicated to promoting the plant-based lifestyle University or college credit for select applicants A staff listing on our website with your photo & bio An author bio on every article with links to your website & social media channels Your content promoted on all of our websites, social media channels, and groupsSocial Media CoordinatorAnimal Place 17314 McCourtney Rd, Grass Valley, CA 95949, USAOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...Jan 11, 2021Full timeOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...EditorPETA RemotePosition Objective: To edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, including printed materials, internet content, and video text To provide copy editing and proofreading expertise while exercising good judgment and flagging concerns about content and organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: In consultation and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by PETA and its affiliates: o Edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, websites, and public communications—including news releases, correspondence, blogs, statements, fundraising materials, website copy, ad campaigns, video text, and other documents o Edit internal written materials created by staff members of PETA and its affiliates, including policies and procedures o Edit foreign language text (highly desirable but not required) Perform any other editorial functions assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, including printed materials, internet content, and video text To provide copy editing and proofreading expertise while exercising good judgment and flagging concerns about content and organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: In consultation and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by PETA and its affiliates: o Edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, websites, and public communications—including news releases, correspondence, blogs, statements, fundraising materials, website copy, ad campaigns, video text, and other documents o Edit internal written materials created by staff members of PETA and its affiliates, including policies and procedures o Edit foreign language text (highly desirable but not required) Perform any other editorial functions assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or...Headline WriterPETA Los Angeles, CA, USAPosition Description: PETA is looking for a smart, quick, and creative individual to hype up our animal rights campaigns into provocative written content that will change hearts. Were you an expert at \"clickbait\" before it was a thing? Is \"sensationalism\" your middle name? You should have experience writing and promoting content for a brand or nonprofit and/or experience working in a digital newsroom. You must be accustomed to writing, editing, and posting several headlines/stories daily. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced digital environment, is vegan, have true enthusiasm for the work, and be a champion for all animals. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Write catchy, exciting headlines for dozens of news articles, action alerts, emails, blogs, op-eds, and other articles daily • Follow breaking news in the animal rights world closely and suggest compelling stories to your manager daily • Write breaking news articles and/or other online...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Description: PETA is looking for a smart, quick, and creative individual to hype up our animal rights campaigns into provocative written content that will change hearts. Were you an expert at \"clickbait\" before it was a thing? Is \"sensationalism\" your middle name? You should have experience writing and promoting content for a brand or nonprofit and/or experience working in a digital newsroom. You must be accustomed to writing, editing, and posting several headlines/stories daily. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced digital environment, is vegan, have true enthusiasm for the work, and be a champion for all animals. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Write catchy, exciting headlines for dozens of news articles, action alerts, emails, blogs, op-eds, and other articles daily • Follow breaking news in the animal rights world closely and suggest compelling stories to your manager daily • Write breaking news articles and/or other online...Philanthropic Specialist, Gift PlanningPETA RemotePosition Objectives: To promote the inclusion of PETA in estate plans, and to develop and implement successful fundraising strategies to determine and realize the fundraising goals of PETA members Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Identify, solicit, and secure planned gifts opportunities with PETA members • Respond to requests from PETA members and the general public about planned gifts, major gifts, and real property gifts • Cultivate and maintain relationships through correspondence, visits, and other forms of professional contact with PETA members who are considering a legacy gift and who have made PETA the beneficiary of a planned gift, including members of PETA's Augustus Club • Maintain a current knowledge and a clear understanding of PETA's campaigns and activities as well as animal rights issues in general • Develop and implement successful fundraising strategies • Discern and document pertinent information in order to enhance and develop PETA...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To promote the inclusion of PETA in estate plans, and to develop and implement successful fundraising strategies to determine and realize the fundraising goals of PETA members Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Identify, solicit, and secure planned gifts opportunities with PETA members • Respond to requests from PETA members and the general public about planned gifts, major gifts, and real property gifts • Cultivate and maintain relationships through correspondence, visits, and other forms of professional contact with PETA members who are considering a legacy gift and who have made PETA the beneficiary of a planned gift, including members of PETA's Augustus Club • Maintain a current knowledge and a clear understanding of PETA's campaigns and activities as well as animal rights issues in general • Develop and implement successful fundraising strategies • Discern and document pertinent information in order to enhance and develop PETA...Director of Digital MarketingPETA RemotePosition Objectives: PETA has the most-engaged social media audience of any advocacy organization. Sustain and grow PETA’s reach and online presence, be a visionary for PETA’s social efforts, and drive PETA’s messages, making sure they resonate with the public. Through innovative social media marketing, our Director of Digital Marketing will ensure our campaigns make a splash with influencers and the media, push forward PETA's edgy animal rights message, and are timely with current events and trends. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Supervise PETA's social media managers and live social media strategists • Oversee PETA's presence on social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram • Oversee PETA's live coverage on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat (including for protests, celebrity photoshoots, events breaking news, and more) • Oversee PETA's social media responding to the public and influencers • Work with other PETA...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: PETA has the most-engaged social media audience of any advocacy organization. Sustain and grow PETA’s reach and online presence, be a visionary for PETA’s social efforts, and drive PETA’s messages, making sure they resonate with the public. Through innovative social media marketing, our Director of Digital Marketing will ensure our campaigns make a splash with influencers and the media, push forward PETA's edgy animal rights message, and are timely with current events and trends. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Supervise PETA's social media managers and live social media strategists • Oversee PETA's presence on social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram • Oversee PETA's live coverage on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat (including for protests, celebrity photoshoots, events breaking news, and more) • Oversee PETA's social media responding to the public and influencers • Work with other PETA...Internship in the International Communications Team supporting the ProVeg Impactor Awards (m/f/d)ProVeg International Berlin or remoteROLE SUMMARY Do you have a passion for social media, do you enjoy communicating with people and getting in depth into one project? Are you organized, pro-active and able to prioritise? Are you familiar with the most popular social media platforms Instagram, Youtube, and Facebook and are you always up to date with all veggie trends? If so, then become part of our communications team and help to change the world! In this position, you will support the launch of the ProVeg Impactor Awards - the newest exciting event by ProVeg! This online award show will celebrate the world's most impactful veg-positive social media content and content creators, with the focus being on Youtube and Instagram videos. The website will be launched February 2021 open to submissions, voting starts in March, and winners are announced in April. A little later in June, the ProVeg Student Impactor Awards will reward young creators between the age of 13 and 25 with cash grants and prize packages, to...Jan 06, 2021InternROLE SUMMARY Do you have a passion for social media, do you enjoy communicating with people and getting in depth into one project? Are you organized, pro-active and able to prioritise? Are you familiar with the most popular social media platforms Instagram, Youtube, and Facebook and are you always up to date with all veggie trends? If so, then become part of our communications team and help to change the world! In this position, you will support the launch of the ProVeg Impactor Awards - the newest exciting event by ProVeg! This online award show will celebrate the world's most impactful veg-positive social media content and content creators, with the focus being on Youtube and Instagram videos. The website will be launched February 2021 open to submissions, voting starts in March, and winners are announced in April. A little later in June, the ProVeg Student Impactor Awards will reward young creators between the age of 13 and 25 with cash grants and prize packages, to...Research ScientistFaunalytics RemoteFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Jan 06, 2021Full timeFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedIn© 2009-2021 Powered by Vegan Mainstream"
