"Machine Operator - Aiken - Aiken, SC - ZEUS INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS JobsHomeJobsMachine Operator - Aiken - Aiken, SCToggle navigationMachine Operator - AikenJobsLoginTFE ExtrusionAiken, SC, USAHourlyFull TimeZeus is an exciting, innovative company that offers competitive pay and a great benefits package which includes one of the best medical plans in the area, an immediate 50% 401(k) match, dental, vision, paid vacation and even an on-site medical office.Email Me Similar Jobs	Email Me This JobZeus is the world's leading polymer extrusion manufacturer and material science innovator. 50 years of experience in medical, aerospace, energy exploration, automotive, fiber optics and more allow us to leap past can't and into how. At Zeus we are \"Turning polymers into possibilities.\" We believe in building collaborative relationships with customers to design, engineer and produce high performance polymer tubing.READ CAREFULLY: We require WIN or WorkKey scores (Reading & Math) for all of our potential candidates. Candidates should have a score of at least 4 on Math and 3 on Reading. These tests are administered at the below locations. Please call for scheduling details. - .Aiken Tech (803)593-9231 - SC WORKS (803)641-1065 - Midlands Tech (803)922-8038 - OC Tech (803)536-0311 - Lexington 2 School District-Adult Education Center (803)739-4048 - Please attach your WIN or WorkKey scores to your application.We have an opportunity for a Machine Operator. We are seeking an experienced Operator to help advance our Productivity initiatives. The successful candidate should be able to lift 50 to 60lbs, reach a height of 72\", walk up and down stairs, perform inspection functions such as visual inspection to detect cosmetic defects and color differentiation of products. They must be able to carry out oral and written instructions. Must have a high school degree or equivalent and possess the basic ability to perform mathematical skills i.e. fractions, percentages and decimals.Zeus is a great place to work. Expectations are high; our work is meticulous and very precise. Zeus offers an opportunity to join a very successful, family-oriented team. Our products are cutting-edge, our process is unique, and our quality and customer focus are second-to-none. We are a leader in our field and have great relationships with our customers and employees. Many of our employees are the best at what they do in the world. Our customers are leaders in their fields. Our products help save lives.Successful candidates will have a desire and ability to take our manufacturing process to the next level. Continuous Improvement is a way of life at Zeus. You must possess the ability to work independently; and the desire to learn a variety of skills. The ability to communicate clearly is imperative, as is the ability to manipulate data using various software packages.Here are the Job Duties and Skills required.Install proper tooling, load, run and monitor machines with minimum downtime.Make pre-forms out of resin as specified on order card.Measure and maintain correct wall thickness of tubing.Keep tooling and machines in good working condition.Polish and straighten tooling on lathe.Keep work area clean and free of debris.Observe all safety rules and regulations.Maintain good communications within the department.High school diploma or equivalentThe ability to carry out oral and written instructions along with the ability to adapt to different situationsThe ability to lift up to 50 lbs. repetitively; push/ pull approximately 11lbs., walk up and down stairs.The employee must have the ability to perform inspection functions such as visual inspection to detect cosmetic defects and color differentiation of products.Must have basic mathematical skills including addition subtraction, multiplication, division, fractions and decimals. Must be able to read and write legibly.Attendance and punctuality are essential functions of this position. Any unscheduled absence or tardy will have a negative impact on our ability to meet our production objectives.If you are interested in a career at Zeus please visit our website at www.zeusinc.com to apply for this position.ZEUS INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS https://zeusinc.exactapplicant.com.*Apply for this PositionApply for this PositionSign Up For Job Alerts!Share This PageMaintained by Exact Applicant - © 2021Refresh"
