"TCS hiring highest in five years with over 12,000 jobs added in Q1 | The News MinuteSkip to main contentNEWSSTATESANDHRAKARNATAKAKERALATAMIL NADUTELANGANAFEATURESFLIXVOICESATOMDELVEHEALTHMONEYIPL 2020LOGINBecome a MemberTCS hiring highest in five years with over 12,000 jobs added in Q1TCS said that it issued over 30,000 joining letters in Q1, 40% of which have been onboarded in Q1.Money IT Thursday, July 11, 2019 - 09:30S. MahadevanTata Consultancy Services, the country’s largest software services company says they are seeing one of the highest intakes of employees in the first quarter of this financial year ended June and it is likely to be even better in Q2. The company claims to have issued as many as 30,000 joining letters of which 12,356 have already reported for duty.TCS has issued a separate statement on this and had provided more details. The total headcount the company has now is 4,36,641. The Tata Group company has become one of the most diverse in the world with 149 nationalities being represented in its employee rolls. The company has also managed to build a healthy ratio of 36.1% women employees.In its statement, TCS has gone into the issue of retraining its workforce to align with the latest technologies and mentions that 3,15,000 employees have been provided training in multiple new technologies. Another area where training has been internally imparted to 3,61,000 employees is in agile methods. Agile method refers to modern project management techniques employed in software development.The software giant has claimed that it enjoys a very low attrition rate in the industry. That has given them the edge while dealing with their customers, since they believe lesser attrition means timely delivery of their projects. The statement, issued by Tata Consultancy Services’ Global HR Head, has ended by claiming that their account teams are better equipped than competition in handling their clients’ assignments and in churning out solutions appropriate to each customer.Industry observers may now be keen to know if the other software majors may follow suit and show similar trend in terms of higher recruitments and better results.Show us some love! Support our journalism by becoming a TNM Member - Click here.NEWSstatesANDHRAKARNATAKAKERALATAMIL NADUTELANGANAFEATURESFLIXVOICESATOMDELVEHEALTHMONEYIPL 2020topdownload our new app todayAbout UsDisclaimerWrite to UsTerms & ConditionsTNM Brand Studio©2021 the news minuteTechnology Partner zyxware technologies"
