"JOB OPPORTUNITIES – cheftrainingusABOUT USAPPLYPARTNERSRESOURCESCHEF PROJECTS USPRESSBLOGCONTACTSearchLARGEST NUMBER OF TRAININGOPPORTUNITIES IN THE UNITED STATESCULINARYHOSPITALITYCULINARYHOSPITALITYEUROPEUNITED STATESEUROPEF&B in BerlinLocated right in the middle of Berlin, this hotel boasts spectacular architecture and striking interior design. The building stands out for its imposing glass facade and amazing tall atrium, which brings natural light into the entire establishment.Read MoreFront Office in BerlinLocated right in the middle of Berlin, this hotel boasts spectacular architecture and striking interior design. The building stands out for its imposing glass facade and amazing tall atrium, which brings natural light into the entire establishment.Read MoreFront Office in ViennaThis hotel is synonymous with elegance and quality. A hotel in the city center with a wide variety of services for those looking for comfort, wellbeing and a design at the level of a city like Vienna. The hotel is located close from Belvedere Palace, in one of the main shopping streets in Vienna. The area is full of shops, theatres, restaurants and gardens. It feels very nice to go.Read MoreLine Cook in a hotel in London – UNITED KINGDOMWith an excellent location near the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and the London Eye, this hotel with unique architecture featuring asymmetrical shapes and an elegant interior design. It has comfortable, bright rooms, signature cuisine in the Three O Two Restaurant, a cosmopolitan ambience in the Circus Lounge, amazing views of the London skyline in the Waterloo Sky Bar, a Despacio Beauty Centre and a meeting room.Read MoreF&B in a hotel in London – UNITED KINGDOMWith an excellent location near the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and the London Eye, this hotel with unique architecture featuring asymmetrical shapes and an elegant interior design. It has comfortable, bright rooms, signature cuisine in the Three O Two Restaurant, a cosmopolitan ambience in the Circus Lounge, amazing views of the London skyline in the Waterloo Sky Bar, a Despacio Beauty Centre and a meeting room.Read MoreLine Cook in a hotel in Berlin – GERMANYOpened in 2011, this hotel is located just a stone’s throw from Kurfürstendamm avenue, western Berlin’s main shopping street, and very close to the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church and the Zoo. Its construction conserved one of the city’s historic buildings, to which another new building has been added. The hotel’s services include the Despacio Beauty Centre, Salt & Pepper Restaurant, Steps Bar and five meeting rooms. The.Read MoreF&B in a hotel in Berlin – GERMANYOpened in 2011, this hotel is located just a stone’s throw from Kurfürstendamm avenue, western Berlin’s main shopping street, and very close to the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church and the Zoo. Its construction conserved one of the city’s historic buildings, to which another new building has been added. The hotel’s services include the Despacio Beauty Centre, Salt & Pepper Restaurant, Steps Bar and five meeting rooms. The.Read MoreUNITED STATESBOSTONLine Cook for Japanese fine dining in BostonThis restaurant, the brainchild of his award winning co-founder and creator, brings its internationally acclaimed style of modern Japanese cuisine to Boston serving dishes designed to share and inspired by the informal dining style of izakaya; the three kitchens present authentic yet alluring options, with bold flavors and simple presentation, highlighting quality ingredients.Read MoreLine Cook for Japanese fine dining in BostonThis restaurant, the brainchild of his award winning co-founder and creator, brings its internationally acclaimed style of modern Japanese cuisine to Boston serving dishes designed to share and inspired by the informal dining style of izakaya; the three kitchens present authentic yet alluring options, with bold flavors and simple presentation, highlighting quality ingredients.Read More4 Internship positions in the kitchen department in BostonThis restaurant aims to share delicious, wholesome, plant-based food that fuels and energizes without compromising flavor, taste or satisfaction. Our chef-driven vegan menu features locally-sourced ingredients in their most natural form to create inspired dishes, made by us daily. We are passionate about feeding our customers hearty, nourishing meals made from whole ingredients that can have a positive impact on their overall mind, body and health. Our.Read MoreCALIFORNIALine cook/head cook & baristas Café Restaurant in CA & DenverSocialize and collaborate amidst a warm & modern kitchen, with organic, artisan pastries and Italian traditional coffee blends. A space where you can find a friendly face to share a cup of espresso, find common ground with a stranger or run into a young entrepreneur pursuing their dream. With new items on the menu each day, we invite you to share a cup at our café. If.Read MoreSoho House Los Angeles (New Opening)Founded in London in 1995 as a private members’ club for people in the creative industries, Soho House & Co has since opened clubs across Europe and North America, as well as restaurants, cinemas, workspaces, spas and bedrooms. Each of the restaurants has its own personality and atmosphere. From modern British to classic Italian. Soho House is committed to producing simple dishes using locally sourced ingredients in.Read MoreWork in the west coast as a line cook!Located on the Malibu Pier, this restaurant offers delish food, drinks and the greatest Pacific views in Malibu. You can enjoy farm-to-table freshness from its menu and its delicious cocktails.Read MoreA Michelin 3-star restaurant is looking for a Sous Chef in CaliforniaWorld-known hospitality group with Michelin Star restaurants is looking for a Sous Chef to join his team in its restaurant in Yountville, California. The owner is renowned for his culinary skills and he has established a great collection of restaurants all over United States. If you are a passionate individual who humbly seek to be part of excellence don’t miss this opportunity to join the team of one of the best fine dining restaurants in California.Read MorePastry Chef Position in a Michelin 3-star restaurant in CaliforniaWorld-known hospitality group with Michelin Star restaurants is looking for a Pastry Chef to join his team in its restaurant in Yountville, California. The owner is renowned for his culinary skills and he has established a great collection of restaurants all over United States. If you are a passionate individual who humbly seek to be part of excellence don’t miss this opportunity to join the team of one of the best fine dining restaurants in California.Read MoreLine Cook in Beverly Hills, CaliforniaThis restaurant is located at the Ritz-Carlton, South Beach. Joining Enrique Iglesias as partners are Rafael Nadal and Pau Gasol.Read MoreCalifornia is looking for a Line Cook!Located in downtown Walnut Creek, this restaurant is a purveyor of authentic Spanish tapas and pintxos served dim sum style. Voted 2016 Best Restaurant in the East Bay Area, it came to United States from a world of art and culture, delicate palates, and deep affection for exquisite cuisine.Read MoreMIAMIF&B In MiamiThe hotel’s eclectic design brings together a singular blend of styles that, yet different, have been carefully chosen to create one of their own that reflects the hotel’s history and influences all over the years. An exhibition dedicated to the energetic and timeless beauty of Miami and its most iconic neighborhoods presides over each floor, making this property more than a hotel- a window into the life.Read MoreFront Office in MiamiThe hotel’s eclectic design brings together a singular blend of styles that, yet different, have been carefully chosen to create one of their own that reflects the hotel’s history and influences all over the years. An exhibition dedicated to the energetic and timeless beauty of Miami and its most iconic neighborhoods presides over each floor, making this property more than a hotel- a window into the life.Read More4 Start Hotel in MiamiThis hotel is a design hotel with a prime location, located within Brickell City Centre, a superb mix of luxury retail, residential, office space and upscale amenities. It offers a unique mix of customized guest services, cutting-edge technology, and innovative restaurants and bars.Read MoreFront Office Agent for 4 Start Hotel in MiamiThis hotel is a design hotel with a prime location, located within Brickell City Centre, a superb mix of luxury retail, residential, office space and upscale amenities. It offers a unique mix of customized guest services, cutting-edge technology, and innovative restaurants and bars.Read MoreCooks and F&B for cozy Italian fine dining (Miami, FL)This beautiful location offers the perfect dining experience by blending elements of the five senses. Inside the handsome Mediterranean villa or outdoors in the inviting garden, guests indulge in sensuous sights, sounds, smells, textures and of course, tastes. Each guest feel as if they were visiting the home of a very good friend, a special place to enjoy delicious Northern Italian cuisine, fine wine, and exquisite art.Read MoreLine cooks for Asian Restaurant, Miami BeachSince opening in Miami 16 years ago, this acclaimed Asian restaurant has become the hottest place to dine in Miami Beach. Inspired by his classical training in Tokyo and time abroad in Peru, the chef and creator of this location continues to bring the latest trends in Japanese-fusion cuisine to life with an extensive menu of inventive dishes and bold cocktails.Read MoreCooks and F&B for cozy Italian fine dining (Miami, FL)This beautiful location offers the perfect dining experience by blending elements of the five senses. Inside the handsome Mediterranean villa or outdoors in the inviting garden, guests indulge in sensuous sights, sounds, smells, textures and of course, tastes. Each guest feel as if they were visiting the home of a very good friend, a special place to enjoy delicious Northern Italian cuisine, fine wine, and exquisite art.Read MoreNEW JERSEYExperienced Chef for a Spanish restaurant (New Jersey)Bestowed numerous awards and proclaimed by various national magazines as a “must” when dining out in New Jersey. Its award-winning cuisine is prepared with the freshest seafood of Spain. Its extensive wine cellars offer over 450 aged and vintage wines and has the rarest collections of Spanish wines in the United States.Read MoreA Spanish Restaurant seeks 2 Line Cooks in New JerseyThis restaurant has been bestowed numerous awards and proclaimed by various national magazines as a “must” when dining out in New Jersey. Its award winning cuisine is prepared with the freshest seafood of Spain. Its extensive wine cellars offer over 450 aged and vintage wines and has the rarest collections of Spanish wines in the United States.Read MorePastry Chef in New JerseyThis restaurant has been bestowed numerous awards and proclaimed by various national magazines as a “must” when dining out in New Jersey. Its award winning cuisine is prepared with the freshest seafood of Spain. Its extensive wine cellars offer over 450 aged and vintage wines and has the rarest collections of Spanish wines in the United States.Read MoreFood & Beverage in New JerseyThe restaurant has been bestowed numerous awards and proclaimed by various national magazines as a “must” when dining out in New Jersey. Its award winning cuisine is prepared with the freshest seafood of Spain. Its extensive wine cellars offer over 450 aged and vintage wines and has the rarest collections of Spanish wines in the United States.Read MoreNEW YORKCooks for Basque style Restaurant (Piermont, Hudson Valley)Restaurateur Benny Castro wanted to create and share a unique dining experience in the beautiful Village Town of Piermont. His restaurant boasts a richly varied selection of Tapas influenced from the northern regions of Spain from Galicia to Cataluña and the Basque country. You will also find authentic prepared Paellas, Wines, Sangrias and old Spanish classic favorites. With a setting that is vibrant, stylish and quaint with a strong.Read MoreLine Cook – Italian style bar&restaurant, New YorkWith the signature of a Michelin Start awarded Chef and two consolidated and experienced executive chefs this restaurant is born to share their passion for the culinary traditions of Italy passed down from generation to generation. Each of them spent their childhood surrounded by colors, aromas and fresh pasta. The experience wasn’t so much about which dishes were made but how they were made. Long before farm-to-table.Read MoreCooks for Basque style Restaurant (Piermont, Hudson Valley)Restaurateur Benny Castro wanted to create and share a unique dining experience in the beautiful Village Town of Piermont. His restaurant boasts a richly varied selection of Tapas influenced from the northern regions of Spain from Galicia to Cataluña and the Basque country. You will also find authentic prepared Paellas, Wines, Sangrias and old Spanish classic favorites. With a setting that is vibrant, stylish and quaint with a strong.Read MoreCooks for fine dining restaurant in New YorkThe concept of this fine dining restaurant originated in Venice is to bring the most refined reciped from Northern Italy using the best ingredients. With several locations around the world and another location in the well-known Soho area in Manhattan, this restaurant opens a new location in New York, where they master the serving of hand-made pasta, seafood, and traditional and modern Italian dishes in an elegant.Read MoreSpanish restaurant in New Jersey searches cooksBestowed numerous awards and proclaimed by various national magazines as a “must” when dining out in New Jersey. Its award-winning cuisine is prepared with the freshest seafood of Spain. Its extensive wine cellars offer over 450 aged and vintage wines and has the rarest collections of Spanish wines in the United States.Read MoreIndian F&B managers and chefs (New York & Connecticut)Our elegant chain of Indian restaurants was started with ambitious vision of capturing the flavors, tastes, colors, and hospitality of the rich tradition and diverse humanity that makes India. Our partners, chefs, and staff take immense pride and pleasure in creating and serving every meal and an experience to go with it. We love to know our patrons, their tastes, preferences, stories and how they feel about our food.Read MoreA Smart French Restaurant In New YorkA piece of NYC Dining history, this Restaurant is a French bistro located in Manhattan’s meatpacking district opened by Keith McNally. A menu that combines hearty Provençal dishes with moderately-priced bistro fare. The bar serves a range of house cocktails, wines by the glass, carafe or bottle, and several varieties of pastis, an anise-flavored aperitif from the south of France.Read MoreWASHINGTON, D.CAssistant to the Executive Chef, WashingtonThe founder of this Restaurant group is an internationally-recognized culinary innovator, passionate advocate for food and hunger issues, author, educator, television personality and an absolute celebrity. With almost 20 restaurants across the US, his Restaurant Group is one of the best established culinary businesses, with several locations that bring Spanish cuisine to the US audience. As an Assistant to the Executive Chef, you will be working hand-by-hand.Read MoreJunior Sous Chef Position in Washington, D.C.The owners have built a reputation on ultra-­luxe Italian with their restaurants. They showcase regional Italian cuisines at these spectacular restaurants in the heart of D.C. The chef opened the bigger restaurant of the group in October specialized in Spanish cuisine.Read MoreLine Cook Position in Washington, D.C.The owners have built a reputation on ultra-­luxe Italian with their restaurants. They showcase regional Italian cuisines at these spectacular restaurants in the heart of D.C. The chef opened the bigger restaurant of the group in October specialized in Spanish cuisine.Read MoreF&B Position in Washington, D.C.The owners have built a reputation on ultra-­luxe Italian with their restaurants. They showcase regional Italian cuisines at these spectacular restaurants in the heart of D.C. The chef opened the bigger restaurant of the group in October specialized in Spanish cuisine.Read MoreMexican cooks for a restaurant by Jose Andres in WashingtonAt this new particular location, José Andrés and his team combine Mexico’s rich regional diversity with the vibrant urban atmosphere of Mexico City. The liveliness of the dining room is matched by the creativity of the menu and cocktail list, featuring antojitos—Mexican small plates—ceviches and tacos, plus unique margaritas, and an impressive array of wine, tequila, and mezcal. Originally opened in 2004 in the Crystal City neighborhood of.Read MoreA Spanish Food House needs a Line Cook in Washington, D.C.This restaurant is the winner of the Ballston Business Improvement District’s 2014 Restaurant Challenge. It is an authentic Spanish tavern or “food house” with a casual and friendly vibe. But, take note…it’s not a tapas restaurant. It’s a gastronomical journey and cultural adventure throughout every region of Spain. History and tradition are an important part of it. Our food respects the traditional cuisines of Spain. Rather than innovate,.Read MoreLine Cook Position in Chinese and Peruvian Kitchen in China Chilcano, a Jose Andres RestaurantThe famous chef Jose Andres is looking for cooks with experience in Peruvian and Chinese food for his famous restaurant China Chilcano located in Washington. At China Chilcano, Criollo exists in every single dish on the menu, whether it’s joined by Nikkei, with nigiri served on a bed of causa, a signature dish of puréed Peruvian potato, or Chifa, through a chaufa dish made with fried bananas. Also present.Read MoreLAS VEGASSushi Chef in Las VegasNow open at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this restaurant features modern Japanese cuisine and award-winning world-class cocktails in an elegant and sophisticated environment. Inspired by the informal izakaya dining style, the international restaurant features a modern Japanese cuisine that is authentic but not traditional. It is designed to be shared and brought to the table continuously throughout the meal. The menu offers a wide selection of.Read MorePastry Cook in Las VegasNow open at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this restaurant features modern Japanese cuisine and award-winning world-class cocktails in an elegant and sophisticated environment. Inspired by the informal izakaya dining style, the international restaurant features a modern Japanese cuisine that is authentic but not traditional. It is designed to be shared and brought to the table continuously throughout the meal. The menu offers a wide selection of.Read MoreMaki Cook in Las VegasNow open at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this restaurant features modern Japanese cuisine and award-winning world-class cocktails in an elegant and sophisticated environment. Inspired by the informal izakaya dining style, the international restaurant features a modern Japanese cuisine that is authentic but not traditional. It is designed to be shared and brought to the table continuously throughout the meal. The menu offers a wide selection of.Read MoreLine Cook in Las VegasNow open at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this restaurant features modern Japanese cuisine and award-winning world-class cocktails in an elegant and sophisticated environment. Inspired by the informal izakaya dining style, the international restaurant features a modern Japanese cuisine that is authentic but not traditional. It is designed to be shared and brought to the table continuously throughout the meal. The menu offers a wide selection of.Read MoreChef the Partie in Las VegasNow open at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this restaurant features modern Japanese cuisine and award-winning world-class cocktails in an elegant and sophisticated environment. Inspired by the informal izakaya dining style, the international restaurant features a modern Japanese cuisine that is authentic but not traditional. It is designed to be shared and brought to the table continuously throughout the meal. The menu offers a wide selection of.Read MoreTEXASLine cooks for Mediterranean cuisine in Frisco, TXOne of the most famous restaurants in Frisco, Texas, is looking for cooks with experience in Turkish, Greek, and Lebanese food. This renowned location, with the signature of one of the most relevant chef in USA, will feature a modern, authentically Mediterranean decor and accommodates up to 250 dinners with a focus on small plates. Complementing the meal are creative cocktails as well as unique Mediterranean wines.Read MoreF&B for Restaurant in Houston, TexasThis elegant restaurant in the heart of Houston is a nod to the city of Barcelona and a meshing of traditional and modern Spanish cuisine. Their curated menu showcases the cutting-edge haute cuisine that has put Spain on the world culinary stage, as well as the traditional recipes that have been passed down throughout generations.Read MoreLine Cook For Restaurant in Houston, TexasThis elegant restaurant in the heart of Houston is a nod to the city of Barcelona and a meshing of traditional and modern Spanish cuisine. Their curated menu showcases the cutting-edge haute cuisine that has put Spain on the world culinary stage, as well as the traditional recipes that have been passed down throughout generations.Read MoreCulinary positions in a restaurant with Panoramic view, TexasOpened in 1972, this panoramic view restaurant quickly gained notoriety for its revolving dining room, the first of its kind in the city. From the moment you enter the building, the glass-enclosed elevator, and ride the 34 stories to the restaurant, you’ll know you’ve stepped into a special place. The glass-walled restaurant makes one revolution every 45 minutes, ensuring you’ll enjoy 360-degree views of the city and.Read MoreLine Cook Position in Zaytinya, a Jose Andres Restaurant in Frisco, TexasThe famous chef Jose Andres just opened a new restaurant in Frisco, Texas. They are looking for cooks with experience in Turkish, Greek, and Lebanese food. Zaytinya will feature a modern, authentically Mediterranean decor and accommodates up to 250 dinners with a focus on small plates. Complementing the meal are creative cocktails as well as unique Mediterranean wines.Read MorePORTLANDSushi Chef Position in the first sustainable sushi restaurantIn this internship role, you will learn about sustainability and will have the chance to work with the sustainable fish that is the main of our business model. According to the duration of your internship and your skills, you will rotate through all sushi stations mastering rice production, fish breakdown and preparation, signature rolls, sashimi, nigiri, and chef specials in a high-volume sushi bar atmosphere where you.Read MoreORLANDOSpanish restaurant at Disney World, OrlandoThis Spanish restaurant at Disney Springs brings the spirit and flavors of Spain to the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. The restaurant features an extensive menu of tapas reflecting the rich regional diversity of traditional and contemporary Spanish cuisine. Highlights include a variety of authentic paellas cooked over a wood fire, Spanish specialties such as hand-carved Jamón Ibérico de Bellota and wood-grilled Ibérico.Read MoreNew Opening in Orlando: a José Andrés RestaurantChef José Andrés will open another restaurant bringing the spirit and flavors of Spain to Florida. This restaurant will feature an extensive menu of tapas reflecting the rich regional diversity of traditional and contemporary Spanish cuisine. Highlights will include a variety of authentic paellas cooked over a wood fire, Spanish specialties such as hand-carved Jamón Ibérico de Bellota and wood-grilled Ibérico pork, as well as signature dishes.Read MoreSOUTH CAROLINAA Spanish Tapas Bar is looking for a Line Cook in South CarolinaIt is opened this past summer in Greenville, South Carolina with a lineup of delicious small plates and much more. “Spanish food is very simple,” says the owner. “While we are sticking to Spanish traditions, we’re bringing together a different experience with music and food.” A team of Spanish chefs create a menu of authentic tapas, entrees and salads using locally grown ingredients when available. Try delicious.Read MorePENNSYLVANIAAsian Restaurant In Philadelphia searches for Line cooksThe shareable family-style menu covers more than just Japan, pulling from the delectable cooking of China, Vietnam, Korea and more — a true celebration of international flavor.Read MoreSophistication Restaurant located in Philadelphia, PA is Looking for Line Cooks and Pastry CookA luxury resort with spectacular unobstructed views is looking for passionate people who have the desire to work in this spectacular hotel. Join this incredible team and have the chance to live a unique and exciting experience!.Read MoreThe Home of Mexican Food in Philadelphia, PAInspired by the cuisines of Puebla and Veracruz, this restaurant captures the essence of Mexican home cooking-for eaters digging into authentic tacos, tortas, enchiladas, sopes and more.Read MoreRestaurante “Vida y Comida” (Pennsylvania)This restaurant specializes in authentic Spanish cuisine with a bit of flare. The most famous dish is the Fresh Seafood Paella that is made to order in our kitchen. Other popular items on the menu include Osso Bucco, Pulpo a la Gallega, and Seared Corvina served with Jumbo Lump Crab and Truffle Oil. The restaurant is BYOB, set in a modern and intimate atmosphere.Read MoreCOLORADONO CURRENT OPENINGS…TENNESSEENO CURRENT OPENINGS…CONNETICUTIndian F&B managers and chefs (New York & Connecticut)Our elegant chain of Indian restaurants was started with ambitious vision of capturing the flavors, tastes, colors, and hospitality of the rich tradition and diverse humanity that makes India. Our partners, chefs, and staff take immense pride and pleasure in creating and serving every meal and an experience to go with it. We love to know our patrons, their tastes, preferences, stories and how they feel about our food.Read MoreEuropeUnited StatesEurope4* Hotel Mallorca – SPAINLa empresa cuenta con más de 55 hoteles en 18 destinos, lo que constituye un total de más de 1.500 habitaciones, la mayoría de ellas en propiedad. Esta cadena hotelera cuenta con certificaciones de calidad externas como la Q de Calidad Turística, la ISO/9001-­2000 otorgada por AENOR o la Biosphere Hotels concedida por la Unesco.Read More4* Hotel Barcelona – SPAINLa empresa cuenta con más de 55 hoteles en 18 destinos, lo que constituye un total de más de1.500 habitaciones, la mayoría de ellas en propiedad. Esta cadena hotelera cuenta con certificaciones de calidad externas como la Q de Calidad Turística, la ISO/9001-­2000 otorgada por AENOR o la Biosphere Hotels concedida por la Unesco.Read More4* Hotel Canarias – SPAINLa empresa cuenta con más de 55 hoteles en 18 destinos, lo que constituye un total de más de 1.500 habitaciones, la mayoría de ellas en propiedad. Esta cadena hotelera cuenta con certificaciones de calidad externas como la Q de Calidad Turística, la ISO/9001-­2000 otorgada por AENOR o la Biosphere Hotels concedida por la Unesco.Read MoreHousekeeping at Hotel in Barcelona, SpainLocated in the heart of Barcelona’s Paseo de Gracia, this hotel is a meeting point that puts the city and its people within reach. It’s about innovation, design, modernity, cuisine, entertainment, comfort and luxury. The owner launched her career in 1986 when she opened a restaurant together with her son and business partner. Owner’s dedication to her work has been a fundamental part of her life for.Read MoreFront Desk at 5 Star Hotel in Barcelona, SPAINLocated in the heart of Barcelona’s Paseo de Gracia, this hotel is a meeting point that puts the city and its people within reach. It’s about innovation, design, modernity, cuisine, entertainment, comfort and luxury. The owner launched her career in 1986 when she opened a restaurant together with her son and business partner. Owner’s dedication to her work has been a fundamental part of her life for.Read MoreUnited StatesBOSTONHospitality Training Position in BostonA famous hotel located in Downtown Boston is looking for university students or recent graduates with a degree in hospitality management for a hospitality position. Candidates must be proficient in English and Spanish.Read MoreCALIFORNIAHospitality Training Position in Los AngelesUpscale boutique hotel in Los Angeles is looking for candidates who are current university students or recent graduates with a degree in hospitality management. Participants must be proficient in English and Spanish.Read MoreILLINOISHospitality Management in ChicagoThis a boutique hotel that believes in life’s small pleasures. This hedonistic commitment can be seen in the numerous details that accompany your stay. From its sleek contemporary design, to an award-winning spa, this hotel has been designed to create the perfect environment for enjoying a unique experience, where avant-garde art, designer furniture and a classical feel come together with the beauty of the natural elements and.Read MoreMIAMILuxury Miami Beach Hotel offers a Hospitality Training PositionThis sophisticated and modern hotel located in South Beach, offers an extensive amount of services. Close to many points of interest and long beaches is suitable for all those who want to enjoy the informal atmosphere of Miami and its nightlife.Read MoreA designer upscale Boutique Hotel in Miami offers a Hospitality Training PositionThis delightful hotel near the beach is looking for individuals that strive for excellence and are highly motivated team players. Located in South Beach, this upscale boutique hotel is full of energy and good attitude.Read MoreNEW JERSEYFront Desk Position in New JerseyThis hotel located in Hoboken, New Jersey seeks to cover its Front Desk Position. Candidates must be proficient in English and Spanish.Read MoreNEW YORKWe are Looking for a Front House Professional in an Indian Restaurant in NYCThis restaurant delivers on the promise of its moniker with an authentic, yet elegantly modern take on Indian cuisine. Its restaurateur, inspired to share his love for the food and culture of his native India, assembled a talented team to create a world-class restaurant that would re-define how Indian cuisine is presented on the international gastronomic stage. A restaurant that is the recipient of a prestigious Michelin.Read MoreHotel in Wall Street offers a Breakfast Attendant Training PositionThis elegant hotel located in Downtown, with a modern and refined atmosphere and with boutique hotel qualities, offers an avant-garde space and style for all those who are looking for pleasure or professional issues.Read MoreHotel in Wall Street offers a Hospitality Training PositionThis elegant hotel located in Downtown, with a modern and refined atmosphere and with boutique hotel qualities, offers an avant-garde space and style for all those who are looking for pleasure or professional issues.Read MoreA designer Boutique Hotel in NYC offers a Hospitality Training PositionThis elegant hotel placed in Times Square is looking for individuals that strive for excellence and are highly motivated team players. Located in the heart of Manhattan, this upscale boutique hotel is full of energy and good attitude.Read MoreWASHINGTON, D.CFront Desk Position in Washington, D.C.An international hotel in Washington, D.C. needs a university student or recent graduate with a degree in hospitality management for a front desk position. Candidates must be proficient in English and Spanish.Read MoreLAS VEGASHospitality Training Position in Las VegasA new luxury hotel located in Las Vegas is searching several university students or recent graduates with a degree in hospitality management for a hospitality position. Candidates must be proficient in English and Spanish.Read MoreTEXASNO CURRENT OPENINGS…PORTLANDNO CURRENT OPENINGS…ORLANDONO CURRENT OPENINGS…SOUTH CAROLINANO CURRENT OPENINGS…PENNSYLVANIANO CURRENT OPENINGS…ColoradoNO CURRENT OPENINGS…Subscribe to Our NewsletterGet news, the coolest job updates& some very special treats.OUR ADDRESSNew York Office1201 Broadway suite 908New York, 10001, NYPhone: +1 (310) 985-5381Miami Office5246 SW 8th Street, Suite 201-ECoral Gables, FL 33143Phone: +1 (786) 615-5184CONTACT USMiami officePhone: 917 312 5184T: +34(910) 059-622Email: info@chef-us.comNew York officePhone: 310-985-5381Email: chef@chef-us.com© 2021 cheftrainingus	@ Copyright 2021 U.S. Training Alliance.Proudly Created By Adapting Social.WordPress Theme by RichWPABOUT USAPPLYPARTNERSRESOURCESCHEF PROJECTS USPRESSBLOGCONTACT"
