"Registered Nurse - Medical Progressive Care Unit in Altoona, PA - UPMCCOVID-19 PrecautionsAt UPMC, we are committed to keeping our community safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds. As our team continues to provide Life Changing Medicine to our patients, our recruiters will continue to fill positions throughout this time. Interviews and other processes may be modified to protect the safety of our candidates and employees. Thank you for your patience.For more information about UPMC's response to COVID-19, please visit upmc.com/coronavirus.Career PathwaysNursing Allied Health Professionals Physicians Advanced Practice Providers Professional & Admin Service Workers StudentsConnect With UsWorking HereCommunityMy AccountSearch Our JobsSearchThis job posting is no longer active.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyRegistered Nurse - Medical Progressive Care UnitJob ID: 28790005Status: Full-TimeRegular/Temporary: RegularHours: 7a-7p/7p-7a rotation with call prnShift: RotatingFacility: UPMC AltoonaDepartment: Medical PCULocation: , Altoona PAUnion Position: YesSalary Range: $0 / hourDescriptionThis position is eligible for a generous sign-on bonus! Whether you’re a recent Graduate Nurse looking to launch your nursing career, or a seasoned RN seeking a change, now is your moment to find your place at UPMC!Sign-On Bonus Details (Full Time or Flex Full Time status)•	$10,000 sign-on bonus available for nurses with over two years of experience•	$5,000 sign-on bonus available for Graduate Nurses and nurses with less than two years of experience*Part Time status positions are also eligible for sign-on bonus at a prorated amount - $5,000 for experienced nurses with over 2 years of experience, and $2,500 for GNs and nurses with less than 2 years of experienceRegistered Nurse.9 full time, 7a-7p/7p-7a rotation with call prn (36 hours/week)Medical Progressive Care UnitUnion position: SEIUPosted: 10/18/2019MPCU, T12, is a fast paced 44 bed, medical progressive, cardiopulmonary telemetry unit, serving the adult population with medically acute diagnosis. We are the unit of choice for heart failure, myocardial infarct (MI), sepsis, respiratory compromised situations requiring CPAP/Bipap, high flow oxygenation as well as multisystem compromised patients. We are trained in caring for complex IV drips requiring telemetry monitoring as well as general medicine cases such as renal failure and acute on chronic illnesses. MPCU provides experience with complex cardiac rhythm interpretation, and cares for patients post pacemaker insertion, post ablation, and post cardiac catheterization.What makes MPCU a special place to work? We have an amazing team of Nurses, Nursing Assistants, Respiratory Therapists, Physicians, and Case Management, who collaborate to provide exceptional patient care to our diverse patient population.As a team member on MPCU, you will enjoy the flexibility of self- scheduling, a leadership team that is invested in your growth, a team philosophy and diverse clinical experiences. Come join our team and soar with us…MPCU!As a member of this team you will provide direct and indirect care to patients utilizing the nursing process, provide leadership for the nursing team, and contribute to the education of a variety of members of the staff and students.Responsibilities:•	Adheres to universal precautions. Identifies potential problems and initiates appropriate measures. Identifies environmental factors which deter effective patient care, initiates action, and contributes ideas towards resolution.•	Complies with established occupational exposure policies.•	Completes annual competency validation activities.•	Maintains proficiency and competency in point of care testing as defined in the evaluation criteria established by the laboratory.•	Demonstrates professionalism in providing patient care.•	Serves as a consultant to other members of the health-care team.•	Engages the medical staff and other professionals in discussion of patient care problems resulting in mutually developed plans of care.•	Utilizes Bed Management System, Alpha, CPOE, and all other computer systems appropriately.•	Implementation: a. Utilizes nursing care protocols and standards. b. Carries out and documents procedures according to Hospital Policy. c. Performs technical skills safely and accurately and demonstrates a working knowledge of equipment. d. Transcribes and implements physicians' orders appropriately. e. Demonstrates knowledge of the physiological basis for the nursing care delivery. f. Demonstrates knowledge of medication and IV therapy administration according to policy. g. Initiates and coordinates health teaching for patients and families/significant other based on individual needs.•	Assessment: a. Assesses patient and family needs and documents this information appropriately in the computer or on appropriate form. b. Reassesses patient every eight hours, and, as necessary.•	Planning: a. Includes the patient and family/significant other in the formulation of the plan of care. b. Prioritizes patient's needs appropriately. c. Plans, conducts, and documents patient care conferences. d. Maintains a current plan of care for each assigned patient. e. Utilizes appropriate community agencies and other health care professionals in planning care.•	Evaluation: a. Revises plan of care, as necessary based on daily evaluation of patient. b. Evaluates patient's outcome based on previously defined goals. c. Evaluates and documents the patient's response to care, teaching, and treatment.Qualifications•	Must hold a current license to practice nursing in the State of Pennsylvania•	Must satisfactorily complete the Nursing Department's orientation program and probationary period.•	Must complete NIHSS education prior to end of orientation period, if required.•	Experience Required: None.•	For all positions in Critical Care: CCRN is required within two years of hire date. RN-C or CCRN required for MPCU and SPCU within two years of hire date.•	ACLS preferred, BLS required. PALS for specific units.Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:CPR required based on AHA standards that include both a didactic and skills demonstration component within 30 days of hireBasic Life Support (BLS) OR Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR)National Institute of Health Stroke Scale CertificationRegistered Nurse (RN)Act 34UPMC is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Females/Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesGN level candidate starting rate - $26.31 (BSN $27.56)Experienced RN starting rate - starting rate commensurate with experience (BSN differential: $1.25)When you are ready to take your career to the next level, UPMC Altoona has a RN Career Ladder, which allows you to enhance your practice and receive additional compensation! Ask your recruiter for details!Total RewardsMore than just competitive pay and benefits, UPMC’s Total Rewards package cares for you in all areas of life &emdash; because we believe that you’re at your best when receiving the support you need: professional, personal, financial, and more.Our ValuesAt UPMC, we’re driven by shared values that guide our work and keep us accountable to one another. Our Values of Quality & Safety, Dignity & Respect, Caring & Listening, Responsibility & Integrity, Excellence & Innovation play a vital role in creating a cohesive, positive experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. Ready to join us? Apply today.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyFollow UsCareersMy Account (External Candidates)Search JobsUPMC Careers Blogupmc.comUPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer | Contact us for Disability Accommodations | E-Verify | FAQsTalent NetworkJoin our Talent Network"
