"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesOther 1212 Retail 1152 Professional Services 928 Health Care 891 Installation - Maint - Repair 887 Nonprofit - Social Services 886Engineering 94 Defense 60 Management 58 Construction 51 Business 43 Veterinary Services 41 Accounting 25 Science 11 Automotive 10MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 18 Intern 1Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 3 $40,000 - $75,000 1 $75,000 - $100,000 3 $100,000 - $150,000 2 $150,000 - $200,000 2Information Technology (IT) Government Nurse Distribution - Shipping Architecture Manufacturing Education Pennsylvania905 jobs foundJan 18, 2021DevOps Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $150,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/758D1ov7CN/Devops-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. Carnegie Robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Embedded Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $165,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: http://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Cloud Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/sAoG44WA5Z/Cloud-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. As a cloud...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Manufacturing Test Engineer Pittsburgh, PA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/k1YpAOQ2Ui/Manufacturing-Test-Engineer Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for analyzing product performance and requirements and designing test processes and/or equipment as necessary to ensure the highest possible quality of product is delivered to CRL customers. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Electrical Engineer Pittsburgh, PA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/Zlpgk41M7Y/Electrical-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that find land mines, clean floors, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. We are...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics is seeking creative, energetic and driven Software Engineers with strong hands-on development skills to work on a variety of interesting and challenging robotics perception and control projects. This position provides the opportunity to join a team of talented veterans in the robotics field and program advanced sensors and autonomous robots from the ground up. The ideal applicant for this position has brains, creativity, and strong experience developing and testing software for robotics and/or sensing applications. We seek candidates who take pride in building solid, rigorously tested systems. Experience and interest in production-level coding and testing methods is a plus for this position. Responsibilities and Duties Create software for robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Technical Program Manager Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/SX304bAxJz/Technical-Program-Manager As a Technical Program Manager, you will be collaborating with an energetic and motivated, multi-disciplinary team to develop reliable robotic and automation systems for a wide range of real-world commercial products and R&D applications. You will serve as interpreter of many languages: translating technical details to customers and expressing the customers’ needs to your technical team. You will provide the technical guidance needed to move a project from the concept phase, through prototype development, and into production. This requires a unique skill set involving systems engineering, risk and requirements management, in coordination with customer facing program management skills. The Technical Program Manager has the responsibility to move from planning and management to hands-on technical...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Senior Quality Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/Je85PCjJSN/Senior-Quality-Engineer Senior Quality Engineer Executive Summary Carnegie Robotics, LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures and supports highly reliable robotics systems and components. Customers rely on our rugged line of 3D cameras, positioning systems and embedded computers to tackle tough computer vision problems and to serve as the key building blocks for their mobile robotics solutions. OEMs partner with us to develop and deliver custom sensors and robotic platforms that provide dramatic new capability and differentiation to their product lines. Job summary Reporting to the Chief Manufacturing office this position will lead all quality activities within manufacturing...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Manufacturing Test Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/k1YpAOQ2Ui/Manufacturing-Test-Engineer Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for analyzing product performance and requirements and designing test processes and/or equipment as necessary to ensure the highest possible quality of product is delivered to CRL customers. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Electrical Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/Zlpgk41M7Y/Electrical-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that find land mines, clean floors, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. We are...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Diesel & Hydraulic Mechanic II Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/JoRHqfesgj/Diesel-Hydraulic-Mechanic-II Urgently Hiring Fantastic opportunity for a career pivot, high starting pay rate, and great benefits! Carnegie Robotics Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Engineering Technician United States Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/4B9gDWVOLe/Engineering-Technician Job Title: Engineering Technician Executive Summary Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for assembly, testing, and troubleshooting electromechanical product. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be required to problem solve, applying electrical and mechanical...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Manufacturing Engineer Internship Spring & Summer 2021 - Pittsburgh, PAManufacturing Engineer Internship Carnegie Robotics, LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures and supports highly reliable robotics systems and components. Customers rely on our rugged line of 3D cameras , positioning systems and embedded computers to tackle tough computer vision problems and to serve as the key building blocks for their mobile robotics solutions. OEMs partner with us to develop and deliver custom sensors and robotic platforms that provide dramatic new capability and differentiation to their product lines. Carnegie Robotics seeks outstanding students for our internships and co-ops. We view internships as excellent opportunities for us to learn about future potential full-time hires while also contributing to students' education and their understanding of work practices in an engineering setting. Many of our interns...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA InternJan 18, 2021Software Engineer Internship Spring & Summer 2021 Pittsburgh, PACarnegie Robotics seeks outstanding students for our internships and co-ops. We view internships as excellent opportunities for us to learn about future potential full-time hires while also contributing to students' education and their understanding of work practices in an engineering setting. Many of our interns return annually and take on ever more challenging tasks. We accept college junior, senior, masters and PhD level students. In all cases we expect to see excellent grades, work ethic and a strong desire to accomplish goals. We pay well and will push you well beyond your comfort zone. Application Process: For the spring internship click here: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/HHKA6SW7T8/2021-Spring-Software-Engineer-Internship-Coop For the summer internship click here: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/D7geaO890h/2021-Summer-Software-Engineer-Internship Software Engineering Interns will be treated as junior engineers on...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeSep 15, 2020PQI Coordinator / Certified InvestigatorMerakey is seeking a PQI Coordinator to join our Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Services (IDD) team in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. POSITION OVERVIEW The PQI Coordinator is responsible for Incident management and Quality Initiative activities for the IDD Division, Philadelphia waiver services and programs as assigned. Responsibilities include but may not be limited to: Abides by established policies and procedures of the organization, County and State Comprehensive knowledge of state regulations and incident management requirements of the state Maintains valid PA certified Investigator certification Completes investigations as assigned Oversight of incident management database; designated point person for assigned caseload, data entry, coordinating the completion of EIM reports, adhering to established timeframes Coordinate, maintain and analyze incident data using centralized system Tracks trends and patterns to...Merakey Pennsylvania, USASep 15, 2020Program Assistant***MERAKEY offers all full-time associates, a full benefits package including: health, dental, eye plan, retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, paid time off and much more. This position includes on-call pay and a generous travel stipend in addition to benefits package. *** Merakey is currently seeking a Program Assistant to join our Adult Behavioral Health Division in our Sharon Hill, PA location. ABOUT MERAKEY Merakey is a leading developmental, behavioral health and education provider offering a breadth of integrated services to individuals and communities across the country. We leverage our size and expertise to develop innovative solutions and new models of care to meet the needs of individuals, their families, public and private healthcare funders and community partner organizations. We recognize that complex needs require a holistic approach. With our experience, expertise and compassion, we empower everyone within our communities to reach their...Merakey 800 Chester Pike, Sharon Hill, PA 19079, USASep 15, 2020Residential Direct Support Professional - FAR NORTHEAST PHILADELPHIAMerakey is seeking a Direct Support Professional to join our Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Services (IDD) division in the Philadelphia location. Qualified entry level candidates are eligible for up to $14.69/hour if the Enhanced Pay Program is selected. Are you looking for a position where you can utilize your skills and passion for supporting people? Do you believe that we are better together by including everyone? Are you searching for a rewarding career in the service of others? The Direct Support Professional role isn't for everyone- but it IS for those who enjoy a challenge working with individuals with disabilities and the reward that comes with it. Being in this role requires both attention to detail and creativity as you are serving as both a life coach and a personal support to our individuals. If this sounds like something that you would enjoy -- then join our team! POSITION OVERVIEW The Direct Support Professional interacts with and...Merakey 2900 Southampton Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19154, USASep 15, 2020Residential Direct Support Professional - FAR NORTHEAST PHILADELPHIAMerakey is seeking a Direct Support Professional to join our Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Services (IDD) division in the Philadelphia location. Qualified entry level candidates are eligible for up to $14.69/hour if the Enhanced Pay Program is selected. Are you looking for a position where you can utilize your skills and passion for supporting people? Do you believe that we are better together by including everyone? Are you searching for a rewarding career in the service of others? The Direct Support Professional role isn't for everyone- but it IS for those who enjoy a challenge working with individuals with disabilities and the reward that comes with it. Being in this role requires both attention to detail and creativity as you are serving as both a life coach and a personal support to our individuals. If this sounds like something that you would enjoy -- then join our team! POSITION OVERVIEW The Direct Support Professional interacts with and...Merakey 2900 Southampton Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19154, USASep 15, 2020Residential Direct Support Professional - FAR NORTHEAST PHILADELPHIAMerakey is seeking a Direct Support Professional to join our Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Services (IDD) division in the Philadelphia location. Qualified entry level candidates are eligible for up to $14.69/hour if the Enhanced Pay Program is selected. Are you looking for a position where you can utilize your skills and passion for supporting people? Do you believe that we are better together by including everyone? Are you searching for a rewarding career in the service of others? The Direct Support Professional role isn't for everyone- but it IS for those who enjoy a challenge working with individuals with disabilities and the reward that comes with it. Being in this role requires both attention to detail and creativity as you are serving as both a life coach and a personal support to our individuals. If this sounds like something that you would enjoy -- then join our team! POSITION OVERVIEW The Direct Support Professional interacts with and...Merakey 2900 Southampton Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19154, USASep 15, 2020Residential Direct Support Professional - FAR NORTHEAST PHILADELPHIAMerakey is seeking a Direct Support Professional to join our Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Services (IDD) division in the Philadelphia location. Qualified entry level candidates are eligible for up to $14.69/hour if the Enhanced Pay Program is selected. Are you looking for a position where you can utilize your skills and passion for supporting people? Do you believe that we are better together by including everyone? Are you searching for a rewarding career in the service of others? The Direct Support Professional role isn't for everyone- but it IS for those who enjoy a challenge working with individuals with disabilities and the reward that comes with it. Being in this role requires both attention to detail and creativity as you are serving as both a life coach and a personal support to our individuals. If this sounds like something that you would enjoy -- then join our team! POSITION OVERVIEW The Direct Support Professional interacts with and...Merakey 2900 Southampton Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19154, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
