"Jobs in Johnson City | PharmVilleHomeCompany SearchSearch JobsPost Your ResumeJob Seeker ServicesPost a JobEmployersSign inSign upHomeCompany SearchSearch JobsPost Your ResumeJob Seeker ServicesPost a JobEmployersModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs8 jobs found in johnson cityRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisSenior Territory Business ManagerBiogen Johnson City, TN, USAThe Sr. Territory Business Manager is responsible for developing and executing on sales plans for their assigned territory. Biogen’s US Alzheimer’s Franchise is looking to recruit proven and ambitious sales achievers with at least five years of experience in pharma, specialty, hospital, med device/capital equipment, and/or biotech sales. In this field-based, specialty sales representative position you will be called upon to sell our products with key stakeholders in the Alzheimer’s Disease community: including Neurologists and allied health professionals. In this role, you will convey complex clinical and reimbursement information to customers and key stakeholders regarding Biogen products. You must be able to utilize exemplary interpersonal skills and directed probing to uncover and address the customer's educational needs. This position works closely with cross functional peers to help...Jan 25, 2021The Sr. Territory Business Manager is responsible for developing and executing on sales plans for their assigned territory. Biogen’s US Alzheimer’s Franchise is looking to recruit proven and ambitious sales achievers with at least five years of experience in pharma, specialty, hospital, med device/capital equipment, and/or biotech sales. In this field-based, specialty sales representative position you will be called upon to sell our products with key stakeholders in the Alzheimer’s Disease community: including Neurologists and allied health professionals. In this role, you will convey complex clinical and reimbursement information to customers and key stakeholders regarding Biogen products. You must be able to utilize exemplary interpersonal skills and directed probing to uncover and address the customer's educational needs. This position works closely with cross functional peers to help...LPNAmedisys Johnson City, TN, USAProvides, coordinates, and directs the provision of home nursing care according to physician’s orders based on agency policies and procedures, through the competent application of the nursing process. Demonstrates knowledge of home care and competency in discipline specific patient care skills, required by the care center for the provision of patient care. May be assigned RN visits as member of care team, and/or may be required to supervise a patient caseload, including LPN’s and HHA’s. Performs patient comprehensive assessments, as assigned, and collaborates with patient multi-disciplinary care team (PT, OT, ST, MSW and paraprofessionals) and other health care professionals to develop/modify and implement an individualized plan of care as per physician orders that ensures quality, proper discharge planning and achieves desired outcomes and goals. Helps to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care by communicating information...Jan 18, 2021Provides, coordinates, and directs the provision of home nursing care according to physician’s orders based on agency policies and procedures, through the competent application of the nursing process. Demonstrates knowledge of home care and competency in discipline specific patient care skills, required by the care center for the provision of patient care. May be assigned RN visits as member of care team, and/or may be required to supervise a patient caseload, including LPN’s and HHA’s. Performs patient comprehensive assessments, as assigned, and collaborates with patient multi-disciplinary care team (PT, OT, ST, MSW and paraprofessionals) and other health care professionals to develop/modify and implement an individualized plan of care as per physician orders that ensures quality, proper discharge planning and achieves desired outcomes and goals. Helps to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care by communicating information...RN Clinical ManagerAmedisys Johnson City, TN, USAProvides, coordinates, and directs the provision of home nursing care according to physician’s orders based on agency policies and procedures, through the competent application of the nursing process. Demonstrates knowledge of home care and competency in discipline specific patient care skills, required by the care center for the provision of patient care. May be assigned RN visits as member of care team, and/or may be required to supervise a patient caseload, including LPN’s and HHA’s. Performs patient comprehensive assessments, as assigned, and collaborates with patient multi-disciplinary care team (PT, OT, ST, MSW and paraprofessionals) and other health care professionals to develop/modify and implement an individualized plan of care as per physician orders that ensures quality, proper discharge planning and achieves desired outcomes and goals. Helps to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care by communicating information...Jan 18, 2021Provides, coordinates, and directs the provision of home nursing care according to physician’s orders based on agency policies and procedures, through the competent application of the nursing process. Demonstrates knowledge of home care and competency in discipline specific patient care skills, required by the care center for the provision of patient care. May be assigned RN visits as member of care team, and/or may be required to supervise a patient caseload, including LPN’s and HHA’s. Performs patient comprehensive assessments, as assigned, and collaborates with patient multi-disciplinary care team (PT, OT, ST, MSW and paraprofessionals) and other health care professionals to develop/modify and implement an individualized plan of care as per physician orders that ensures quality, proper discharge planning and achieves desired outcomes and goals. Helps to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care by communicating information...Technician/Driver, DMELincare Johnson City, TN, USAPerforms equipment setups, specifically concentrators, durable medical equipment, etc. in a professional, safe and timely manner. This equipment is placed in apartments, private homes, clinics, hospitals, nursing homes and other areas where people with respiratory problems are treated. Job Responsibilities: Attends work on a regular and predictable basis. Complete equipment orientation checklists for new equipment and other necessary paperwork as required for new patient set up. Instruct patients in the safe and proper use of equipment. Make oxygen deliveries (cylinder and concentrator) and equipment checks on a daily route as determined by the patient base and Lincare routing system. Deliveries may include refilling reservoirs with liquid oxygen from a van mounted tank. Perform minor equipment repairs and preventative maintenance on equipment both in the home and at the center. For equipment repairs requiring other than minor repair, work equipment is to be packaged...Jan 11, 2021Performs equipment setups, specifically concentrators, durable medical equipment, etc. in a professional, safe and timely manner. This equipment is placed in apartments, private homes, clinics, hospitals, nursing homes and other areas where people with respiratory problems are treated. Job Responsibilities: Attends work on a regular and predictable basis. Complete equipment orientation checklists for new equipment and other necessary paperwork as required for new patient set up. Instruct patients in the safe and proper use of equipment. Make oxygen deliveries (cylinder and concentrator) and equipment checks on a daily route as determined by the patient base and Lincare routing system. Deliveries may include refilling reservoirs with liquid oxygen from a van mounted tank. Perform minor equipment repairs and preventative maintenance on equipment both in the home and at the center. For equipment repairs requiring other than minor repair, work equipment is to be packaged...Molecular Sales ConsultantMyriad Genetics Johnson City, TN, USAMyriad Neuroscience is looking for top sales talent and individuals who are passionate about improving patients’ lives. GeneSight is the industry leading mental health pharmacogenomic tool that is gaining rapid momentum via clinician adoption and recent positive coverage decisions from large insurance providers. As a Molecular Sales Consultant, you will actively expand the business while providing support to existing business within our focused market of psychiatric practices and additional practices treating mental health. This is not just another sales job, rather a unique opportunity to be on the leading edge of an industry defining product. Identify, develop and manage commercial relationships with key opinion leaders in psychiatric medicine and other key healthcare professionals Identify and capitalize on commercial opportunities for growth within a specific region or geography – predominately in the traditional out-patient...Jan 11, 2021Myriad Neuroscience is looking for top sales talent and individuals who are passionate about improving patients’ lives. GeneSight is the industry leading mental health pharmacogenomic tool that is gaining rapid momentum via clinician adoption and recent positive coverage decisions from large insurance providers. As a Molecular Sales Consultant, you will actively expand the business while providing support to existing business within our focused market of psychiatric practices and additional practices treating mental health. This is not just another sales job, rather a unique opportunity to be on the leading edge of an industry defining product. Identify, develop and manage commercial relationships with key opinion leaders in psychiatric medicine and other key healthcare professionals Identify and capitalize on commercial opportunities for growth within a specific region or geography – predominately in the traditional out-patient...BioMedical TechnicianGrifols Johnson City, TN, USAWe're Grifols, a global healthcare company that produces essential plasma-derived medicines for patients and provides hospitals and healthcare professionals with the tools, information and services they need to deliver expert medical care. Are you a fit for Grifols? Yes, if you have: • A High School diploma or GED • Strong customer service skills • Can work a flexible schedule EEO Minorities/Females/Disability/VeteransJan 04, 2021We're Grifols, a global healthcare company that produces essential plasma-derived medicines for patients and provides hospitals and healthcare professionals with the tools, information and services they need to deliver expert medical care. Are you a fit for Grifols? Yes, if you have: • A High School diploma or GED • Strong customer service skills • Can work a flexible schedule EEO Minorities/Females/Disability/VeteransLPN/Paramedic/RNGrifols Johnson City, TN, USAPrimary responsibilities for role: · Promote customer satisfaction through appropriate interaction and responsiveness to customer needs. · Builds rapport with donors to ensure overall customer satisfaction with the center to support long term donation. · Selection of suitable plasmapheresis donors by performing physical examinations and taking medical histories on all donors through the use of FDA approved Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) Manual, current State and Federal guidelines, OSHA, CLIA, CGMP, all internal company procedures and personal education and experience. · Responsible for donor awareness to potential hazards . · Administration of donor consent form. · Provides Donor education on trends identified regarding general health assessment completed at the Center. · Provides counseling to Donors regarding unacceptable test results. · Evaluates and manages donor injuries and adverse events....Jan 04, 2021Primary responsibilities for role: · Promote customer satisfaction through appropriate interaction and responsiveness to customer needs. · Builds rapport with donors to ensure overall customer satisfaction with the center to support long term donation. · Selection of suitable plasmapheresis donors by performing physical examinations and taking medical histories on all donors through the use of FDA approved Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) Manual, current State and Federal guidelines, OSHA, CLIA, CGMP, all internal company procedures and personal education and experience. · Responsible for donor awareness to potential hazards . · Administration of donor consent form. · Provides Donor education on trends identified regarding general health assessment completed at the Center. · Provides counseling to Donors regarding unacceptable test results. · Evaluates and manages donor injuries and adverse events....Clinical Sales RepresentativeAbbVie Johnson City, TN, USAAs a Pharmaceutical Sales Representative, you will have the opportunity to regularly call on health care professionals (primary care physicians, clinics, hospitals and pharmacies) within a specific geographic area. Day-to-day responsibilities consist of supporting the promotional efforts behind AbbVie products, which includes organizing, tracking and distributing FDA regulated sample products to health care professionals. You will maintain a current and competent level of knowledge on the product line to be a reliable source of information to the health care professionals in the territory. Education Bachelors Degree is required. Experience : Candidates should possess a minimum of 1 year of experience in outside business to business sales with a proven track record of success. Ability to work both independently and in a team setting towards meeting established objectives. Well-developed written and oral...Dec 02, 2020As a Pharmaceutical Sales Representative, you will have the opportunity to regularly call on health care professionals (primary care physicians, clinics, hospitals and pharmacies) within a specific geographic area. Day-to-day responsibilities consist of supporting the promotional efforts behind AbbVie products, which includes organizing, tracking and distributing FDA regulated sample products to health care professionals. You will maintain a current and competent level of knowledge on the product line to be a reliable source of information to the health care professionals in the territory. Education Bachelors Degree is required. Experience : Candidates should possess a minimum of 1 year of experience in outside business to business sales with a proven track record of success. Ability to work both independently and in a team setting towards meeting established objectives. Well-developed written and oral...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsResume ServicesPost Your ResumeFacebookLinkedINTwitter© 2008-2021 Powered by PharmVille"
