"Troops to Energy Jobs - Pike Corporation Power Engineering Technologist I in Wilmington, North Carolina, United StatesTroops to Energy JobsSkip to Main ContentMobile navigation menuHOMEABOUTROADMAPREGISTRATION SITETROOPSTOENERGY.JOBSSearchsearch for city, state or countryLocation field must contain 'city, state' or a zip code to perform a radius search (e.g., Denver, CO or 46122). City and state must be separated by a comma followed by a space (e.g., Houston, TX)Distance within:search for job title or keywordssearch for military job title or codeFind JobsJob InformationPike Corporation Power Engineering Technologist I in Wilmington, North CarolinaThis is an entry level position of the Engineering Technologist staff. The purpose of this position is to apply technical skills to accurately evaluate options and design safe, cost effective and reliable design of facilities for residential, commercial and industrial projects. Incumbents are expected to demonstrate a basic knowledge of client/customer design and workflow processes/procedures, data entry and technical skills in the client’s specific areas of expertise.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: With the support of direct supervision and mentoring, the incumbent is responsible to carrying out the following duties:•Learn, practice and promote ALL safety policies and procedures 100% of the time.•Demonstrate the ability to properly apply various codes, requirements, regulations, policies and procedures to all assigned work. •Develop skills to safely make job-site visits and interact with construction personnel.•Develop and demonstrate ability to use the various design software and work management tools utilized by the company and client(s).*Prepare project and job packages that include material lists, requisitions, labor estimates, site drawings and construction drawings for various installations of electrical facilities in a cost-effective manner that maximizes safety and service reliability.•Develop skills to accurately evaluate loading on distribution equipment such as transformers & fusing.•Demonstrate the ability to learn utility construction practices on public right of way (ROW) and private land.•Regularly communicate job status to assure client expectations and deliverable dates are met Develop relationships with key internal and external customers while supporting both company and client’s business goals and expectations while representing themselves both positively and professionally. Maintain files and records in an organized manner. Mentor under experienced personnel, supervision, management and PE• Perform other duties as assigned by management.COMPLEXITY OF WORK: Generally routine, established precedents; practices and procedures exist.RELATIONSHIP OUTSIDE WORK GROUP: Exchange of information, which occasionally requires tact and/or diplomacy.Position Requirements:REGULAR ATTENDANCE is required. 2. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCEPreferred Associates degree(AA or equivalent from two-year college or technical school)./Note: In certain situations, an Associate Degree or 4 year degree may be required based upon client project or contractual requirements/.Minimum Required -High school degree or GED 0-1 Year(s)Experience in power distribution engineering or craft or GIS/CAD workCERTIFICATIONS, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS: N/A ON-THE-JOB TRAINING: A combination of job shadowing, classroom and interaction with more experienced employees as needed during first year in the position.LANGUAGE SKILLS: A. Ability to read and interpret documents such as procedure manuals, operational procedures, etc. B. Ability to write simple correspondence. C. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or the business community If Other; explain Ability to effectively communicate information in one-on one and small group situations.MATHEMATICAL SKILLS:1.Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to perform these operations using units of American money and weight measurement, volume and distance.2.Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations. Ability to compute rate, ratio and percent and to draw and interpret spread sheets.3.Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.REASONING ABILITY: (A. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions. B. Ability to deal with standardized situations with only occasional or no variables.OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES:• Ability to deal with a variety of individuals from various socio-economic, cultural and ethnic backgrounds.• Self-motivated, savvy, reliable, trustworthy, as well as technically competent. • Demonstrated team player.• Demonstrated negotiating skills.• Demonstrated time management skills.• Effective oral and written communication skills.• Proficient user of personal computer, particularly Microsoft Office based on applications.• Ability to constructively manage multiple tasks.• Possess valid driver’s license and vehicle suitable for business use (mileage reimbursement may apply).• Ability to participate in storm restoration activities as a “Driver”, “Wire Down Sitter” or “Clerk” if neededPHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representatives of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. A. How much on the job time is spent in the following physical activities• Stand Up to 1/3 (Occasionally)• Walk Up to 1/3 (Occasionally)• Sit 2/3 and more (Regularly)• Talk or Hear 2/3 and more (Regularly)• Use Hands to Feel, Handle or finger tools or controls 2/3 and more (Regularly) • Climb or balance Up to 1/3 (Occasionally) • Stoop, Kneel, Crouch or crawl Up to 1/3 (Occasionally) • Reach with Hands and Arms Up to 1/3 (Occasionally) • Taste or Smell NoneB. Does this job require that weight be lifted or force to be exerted? If so, how much and how often? • Up to 10 Pounds 2/3 and more • Up to 25 Pounds Up to 1/3 • Up to 50 Pounds None • Up to 100 Pounds None • More than 100 Pounds NoneC. Does this job have any special vision requirements? Check all that apply. ☒Close Vision (clear vision at 20 inches or less) ☒Distance Vision (clear vision at 20 feet or more) ☒Color Vision (ability to identify and distinguish colors) ☒Peripheral visions (ability to observe an area that can be seen up and down or to the left and right while eyes are fixed on a given point) ☒Depth Perception (three-dimensional vision, ability to judge distances and spatial relationships_ ☒Ability to Adjust Focus (ability to adjust the eyes to bring an object into sharp focus) ☐No Special Vision RequirementsWORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. • Wet, humid conditions (non- weather)None • Work near moving mechanical parts None • Work in high, precarious places Up to 1/3 (Occasionally) • Fumes or airborne particles None • Toxic or caustic chemicals None • Outdoor weather conditions Up to 1/3 (Occasionally) • Extreme cold (non-weather) None • Extreme Heat (non-weather) None • Risk of electrical shock Up to 1/3 (Occasionally) • Work with explosives None • Risk of radiation None • Vibration NoneWhile performing this job, the noise level in the work environment is : Moderate Noise (Examples: business office with typewriters, and or computer printer, light traffic)NOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as negotiated to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.Pike Engineering is an equal opportunity employer EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/DisabledPike is a Non-Union CompanyOrganization: *Pike Corporation, Inc.Title: Power Engineering Technologist ILocation: North Carolina-WilmingtonRequisition ID: 20000269Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaPike CorporationPower Engineering Technologist IWilmingtonNorth CarolinaClear All701 Pennsylvania Ave. N.W.3rd floorWashington, DC 20004-2696"
