"Coronavirus: BA pilots urged to take pay cuts to limit job lossesHOMEMAILNEWSSPORTSFINANCECELEBRITYSTYLEMOVIESWEATHERANSWERSMOBILEYahoo MoviesSearch querySign inMailSign in to view your mailMoviesMoviesNewsNewsTrailersTrailersInterviewsInterviewsVideoVideoMoreMoreYahoo Finance UKCoronavirus: BA pilots urged to take pay cuts to limit job lossesRead full articleTom Belger·Finance and policy reporterJuly 23, 2020, 4:05 a.m. ·3 min readBritish Airways pilots have been urged by the BALPA union to accept a pay cut deal to save jobs. Photo: Steve Parsons/PA vía APA union is urging British Airways (BA) pilots to accept drastic cuts to pay and hours to limit mass job losses, under a deal agreed with airline chiefs.Thousands of pilots will vote over the next week on a deal negotiated between the UK’s flag carrier and the British Airline Pilots’ Association (BALPA) over the past three months.International Airlines Group (IAG.L), which owns BA, came under heavy fire from unions and MPs after announcing plans to axe up to 1,255 pilots and up to 12,000 jobs in total earlier this year. The company warned in April it had run out of other ways to save cash as the pandemic has hammered its revenue.The deal could see compulsory pilot job losses limited to around 270 staff, according to the union.BALPA’s general secretary Brian Strutton said forced redundancies were “a matter of huge regret,” but said the union had negotiated the best package possible.READ MORE: UK airports predict £4bn in lost revenue this yearPilots are being urged to accept 20% pay cuts, which will eventually drop to 8% over the next two years and then towards current levels “over the longer term.” The package would also see voluntary redundancies, part-time working, and external secondments to limit costs.Around 300 pilots would be placed in a “holding pool” on reduced pay, “ready to return to flying as demand picks up,” BALPA said in a statement late on Wednesday.The union said the measures would avoid any controversial “fire and rehire” measures for pilots, but acknowledged BA had not accepted all of its recommendations to prevent any job losses. “Given BA's intransigence we have put together the best package we can to save as many jobs as possible,” said Strutton.IAG’s chief financial officer Stephen Gunning said on Thursday the company welcomed the union’s plans for a consultative ballot over the deal reached with the ariline. “This is in response to the COVID-19 crisis affecting the aviation industry,” he said. A further company statement will be released after the ballot closes.Story continuesThe pandemic has taken a heavy toll on BA and the rest of the aviation industry. The company announced last week it would retire its entire fleet of 747 jumbo jets earlier than planned.The announcement of 12,000 potential job cuts came after its worst first-quarter losses since the 1980s. It sparked a backlash from unions and MPs across parties.Conservative MP James Sunderland said in a Commons debate last month that BA had behaved “disgracefully” after taking taxpayers’ cash under the furlough scheme, designed to protect jobs. Another Conservative, Jerome Mayhew claimed BA had used the furlough scheme as a “convenient funding scheme for a long-planned corporate restructuring.”READ MORE: Tory MPs revolt over BA job lossesThe storm even saw transport minister Kelly Tolhurst warn the furlough scheme was “not designed” to support firms who swiftly handed staff redundancy notices.But IAG saw passenger numbers and revenue plummet as global air travel collapsed after the pandemic hit earlier this year. BA is gradually increasing flights to short-haul destinations but does not expect passenger demand to return to 2019 levels until 2023.BA’s CEO Alex Cruz laid bare the company’s troubles in a blogpost when the job cuts were confirmed. He paid tribute to staff, but wrote: “There is no government bailout standing by for BA and we cannot expect the taxpayer to offset salaries indefinitely. Any money we borrow now will only be short-term and will not address the longer-term challenges we will face.”The government has faced criticism for not offering aviation more support. Transport secretary Grant Shapps would not be drawn on potential suspension of air passenger duty on Sky News on Thursday.TRENDING1.Sarah Thomas will be the first woman to officiate a Super Bowl2.Woman investigated for theft of Pelosi computer due in court3.Expedia blocks new Vrbo reservations in DC area ahead of inauguration4.Girl power returns to Indy 500 with women-led team5.New Orleans Jazz Fest 2021 pushed back to OctoberLatest StoriesYahoo SportsSarah Thomas will be the first woman to officiate a Super BowlSarah Thomas became the first full-time woman official in the NFL in 2015.a few seconds agoThe Canadian PressWoman investigated for theft of Pelosi computer due in courtHARRISBURG, Pa. — Federal authorities arrested a woman whose former romantic partner says she took a laptop from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s office during the riot at the U.S. Capitol earlier this month. Riley June Williams was arrested Monday, according to a Justice Department official. The federal prosecutors' office in Harrisburg, where she was jailed, said Williams was due in court Tuesday afternoon. The FBI said in an arrest warrant Sunday that Williams hasn't been charged with theft but only with illegally entering the Capitol and with disorderly conduct. FBI officials said a caller claiming to be an ex of Williams said friends of hers showed him a video of Williams taking a laptop computer or hard drive from Pelosi's office. The caller alleged that Williams intended to send the device to a friend in Russia who planned to sell it to that country's foreign intelligence service, but that plan fell through and she either has the device or destroyed it. The FBI says the matter remains under investigation. Pelosi's deputy chief of staff, Drew Hammill, confirmed Jan. 8 that a laptop was taken from a conference room but said “it was a laptop that was only used for presentations.\" Williams’ mother, who lives with her in Harrisburg, told ITV reporters that her daughter had taken a sudden interest in President Donald Trump’s politics and “far-right message boards.” Her father, who lives in the Harrisburg suburb of Camp Hill, told local law enforcement that he and his daughter went to Washington on the day of the protest but didn't stay together, meeting up later to return to Harrisburg, the FBI said. Williams' mother told local law enforcement that her daughter packed a bag and left before she was arrested, saying she would be gone for a couple of weeks. She also changed her phone number and deleted a number of social media accounts, the FBI said. Court documents don't list an attorney for her. The Associated Pressa few seconds agoYahoo FinanceExpedia blocks new Vrbo reservations in DC area ahead of inaugurationVrbo, a vacation rental service, has announced it will block all new reservations a day before the U.S. presidential inauguration.a minute agoThe Canadian PressNew Orleans Jazz Fest 2021 pushed back to OctoberNEW ORLEANS — The coronavirus pandemic, which forced cancellation of last year's New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival, is forcing postponement of the festival this year. “ Jazz Fest ” is usually a spring event that begins on the last weekend in April. But festival producers announced in a news release Tuesday that the 2021 production will run Oct. 8 through Oct. 17. The event draws tens of thousands to the vast infield of the Fair Grounds Race Course horse track for music on multiple stages, food from a wide variety of Louisiana restaurants and arts and crafts from scores of vendors. “It’s taking longer than we want, but we’ll all have our celebration when the time comes,” festival producer Quint Davis said in the release. \"Your health, along with the health of our musicians, food and crafts vendors, and all of the folks that work to make the magic happen, remains the priority as we plan the return of Jazz Fest.” Details on the fall lineup are to be released in the spring. ___ Follow AP’s coverage of the pandemic at https://apnews.com/hub/coronavirus-pandemic and https://apnews.com/UnderstandingtheOutbreak. The Associated Press3 minutes agoReutersGirl power returns to Indy 500 with women-led teamWomen are poised to return to the Indianapolis 500 starting grid this year with a female-led ownership group and driver that could herald a new era in IndyCar racing, Indianapolis Motor Speedway said on Tuesday. Paretta Autosport will be spearheaded by automotive and motorsport executive Beth Paretta with 2010 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year Simona De Silvestro back in the cockpit for what is billed as \"The Greatest Spectacle in Racing\". Yet the goal is far bigger than a one-off, with plans to have an all-women outfit eventually running full-time on the IndyCar Series.3 minutes agoThe IndependentIs Leicester vs Chelsea on TV? Kick-off time, channel details and more for Premier League fixtureLeicester City host Chelsea in the Premier League on Tuesday 19 January4 minutes agoThe IndependentTiffany Trump gets engaged at White House hours before father leaves officePresident’s daughter says she is feeling ‘blessed and excited for the next chapter’4 minutes agoThe IndependentBoris Johnson narrowly avoids Commons defeat amid Tory rebellion over trade with countries committing genocide33 Conservatives defied the government’s order to vote down the Lords amendment4 minutes agoThe IndependentPence and GOP leaders to skip Trump’s farewell eventMr Trump requests military-style sendoff that Republican leaders choose to skip5 minutes agoThe Canadian Press12 Guard members removed from Biden inaugurationWASHINGTON — Twelve U.S. Army National Guard members have been removed from the presidential inauguration security mission after they were found to have ties with right-wing militia groups or posted extremist views online, according to two U.S. officials. There was no threat to President-elect Joe Biden, they said. The officials, a senior intelligence official and an Army official briefed on the matter, did not say which fringe group the Guard members belonged to or what unit they served in. The officials were not authorized to speak publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity. Their removal from the massive security presence at the nation's capital comes as the FBI worked to vet all of the 25,000 National Guard troops headed to the area for Biden's inauguration Wednesday. U.S. defence officials have been worried about a potential insider attack or other threat from service members following the deadly riot at the U.S. Capitol Jan. 6 by Trump supporters that shocked the nation. Acting Defence Secretary Christopher Miller said in a statement Monday that vetting of National Guard troops continues and that the Pentagon has found no intelligence so far that would indicate an insider threat. Washington has been on edge since the deadly insurrection at the Capitol, which has prompted extraordinary security measures ahead of Biden's inauguration. A fire in a homeless camp roughly a mile from the Capitol complex prompted a lockdown Monday during a rehearsal for the inauguration. U.S. Secret Service tightened security in and around the Capitol days earlier than usual in preparation, and the city centre is essentially on lockdown with streets blocked, high fencing installed and tens of thousands of troops and law enforcement officers stationed around the area. Federal law enforcement officials have also been wary of increased surveillance of military and law enforcement checkpoints and other positions after National Guard troops reported people taking pictures and recording them, said the law enforcement officials, who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity to discuss ongoing security matters. The Secret Service issued a bulletin over the weekend about what it sees as an “uptick” in National Guard troops posting pictures and details of their operations online. The Associated Press obtained the “all concerned” message sent to all National Guard troops coming to Washington. Without getting into specific postings, the bulletin read: “No service members should be posting locations, pictures or descriptions online regarding current operations or the sensitive sites they are protecting” and urged them to stop immediately. Asked about the bulletin, a spokesperson for the Secret Service issued a statement saying it “does not comment on matters of protective intelligence.” Contacted by the AP Tuesday morning, the National Guard Bureau referred questions to the U.S. Secret Service and said: “Due to operational security, we do not discuss the process nor the outcome of the vetting process for military members supporting the inauguration.” Over the summer, a man was arrested in Los Angeles for impersonating a National Guard member during protests in the city near Los Angeles City Hall. The man, Gregory Wong, was carrying a sidearm and assault rifle but was taken into custody after actual Guardsmen confronted him when they noticed things out of place on his uniform. ___ LaPorta reported from Delray Beach, Florida. James Laporta And Michael Balsamo, The Associated Press5 minutes agoThe IndependentJoe Biden cries in emotional speech before heading to Washington DC for Inauguration DayPresident-elect celebrates his hometown: ‘You were with me my whole career, through the good times and the bad’5 minutes agoPeopleLizzie Borden House-Turned-B&B (Yes, Where the Axe Murders Took Place) for Sale for $2 MillionThe home where Lizzie Borden lived after she was acquitted, Maplecroft, is also reportedly still on sale, for $890,0005 minutes agoThe IndependentWhat next for Melania Trump?The outgoing first lady’s plans include documenting White House renovations and continuing her anti-bullying campaign5 minutes agoANIHC directs Delhi University to decide on representation of applicant seeking admission under sports categoryNew Delhi [India], January 20 (ANI): The Delhi High Court on Tuesday directed Delhi University to decide on the representation of an applicant seeking admission in the varsity under sports category for the academic session 2020-21.5 minutes agoBBCUK and US fail to do mini-trade deal as Trump exitsUS tariffs on Scotch whisky and cashmere remain in place as UK fails to reach deal with Washington.5 minutes agoThe Canadian PressUS soldier arrested in plot to blow up NYC 9-11 MemorialNEW YORK — A U.S. Army soldier was arrested Tuesday in Georgia on terrorism charges after he spoke online about plots to blow up New York City's 9-11 Memorial and attack U.S. soldiers in the Middle East, authorities said Tuesday. Cole James Bridges of Stow, Ohio, was in custody on charges of attempted material support of a terrorist organization — the Islamic State group — and attempted murder of a military member, said Nicholas Biase, a spokesperson for Manhattan federal prosecutors. The 20-year-old soldier, also known as Cole Gonzales, was with the Third Infantry Division out of Fort Stewart, Georgia, when he thought he was communicating with the Islamic State online about the terrorism plots, Biase said. Unbeknownst to Bridges, a federal agent was in on the chat as Bridges provided detailed instructions on tactics and manuals and advice about attacking the memorial and other targets in New York City, Biase said. Bridges was scheduled to make an initial appearance in federal court in Georgia on Thursday. It was not immediately clear who would represent him. Fort Stewart officials had no immediate comment Tuesday, said Kevin Larson, a spokesperson for the Army post. The Associated Press5 minutes agoThe Canadian PressThe Latest: Biden gives emotional farewell in DelawareWASHINGTON — The Latest on Joe Biden's presidential inauguration (all times local): 2:05 p.m. In an emotional farewell, President-elect Joe Biden promised that even as he departs for Washington, D.C., to be sworn in, “I’ll always be a proud son of the state of Delaware.” Speaking Tuesday at an event at the National Guard headquarters in Delaware named for his late son, Beau, Biden’s voice became thick with emotion as he told the crowd that “when I die, I’ve got Delaware written on my heart.” He said that “it’s deeply personal that our next journey to Washington starts here — the place that defines the very best of who we are as Americans.” Biden gave farewell remarks to about 100 people, including numerous Delaware elected officials and members of Biden’s family. He’s leaving Wilmington via plane Tuesday afternoon and will appear at a memorial for COVID-19 victims at the Lincoln Memorial in the evening. Biden will spend the night at Blair House, the president’s official guesthouse, before moving into the White House after he is sworn in Wednesday. ___ HERE’S WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT PRESIDENT-ELECT JOE BIDEN’S INAUGURATION: President-elect Joe Biden arrives in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday. He will appear at a memorial for COVID-19 victims at the Lincoln Memorial in the evening. Biden will spend the night at Blair House, the president's official guesthouse, and will be inaugurated as the nation's 46th president on Wednesday. Read more: — Inaugural event to celebrate resiliency of Black Americans — Biden, Harris take break from inaugural prep to mark MLK Day — Inauguration rehearsal evacuated after fire in homeless camp ___ HERE'S WHAT ELSE IS GOING ON: 1:55 p.m. Ten additional U.S. Army National Guard members are being removed from the security mission for the presidential inauguration of Joe Biden, according to a senior U.S. intelligence official and a U.S. Army official briefed on the matter. The two officials spoke on condition of anonymity citing Pentagon regulations. Early Tuesday morning, the FBI sent a list of names to the National Guard Bureau who were identified as having ties to fringe right-wing groups or had posted extremist views. No active plots against Biden were found. The information was passed from the National Guard Bureau to the D.C. National Guard. Earlier, the AP reported that two other National Guard members had also been pulled from the security mission in Washington ahead of Wednesday’s presidential inauguration, bringing the total number so far to 12. — AP writer James LaPorta ___ 12:20 p.m. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is explicitly pointing his finger at President Donald Trump for helping to spur the attack on the Capitol by the outgoing president’s supporters. The Kentucky Republican said Tuesday on the Senate floor, “The mob was fed lies. They were provoked by the president and other powerful people.” McConnell spoke six days after the Democratic-led House impeached Trump on charges of inciting the Jan. 6 attack. A Senate trial on whether to convict Trump and perhaps bar him from ever again holding federal office is expected to begin in coming days. After years of supporting Trump with little criticism of him, the influential McConnell has said he’s not decided whether he would vote to convict him. His decision may prove critical because in a Senate that will be divided 50-50 between the two parties, it would take 17 Republicans to join all Democrats for the two-thirds margin needed for conviction. Joe Biden replaces Trump as president at noon on Wednesday. ___ 10:45 a.m. Three new Democratic senators are set to be sworn into office after President-elect Joe Biden’s inauguration Wednesday. The arrival of Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff of Georgia and Alex Padilla of California will give Democrats a working majority in the Senate — split 50-50, with the new vice-president, Kamala Harris, as the tie-breaking vote. A person granted anonymity to discuss the planning tells The Associated Press that Harris is set to deliver the oath of office to the three Democrats after she is sworn in during the inauguration as vice-president. Warnock and Ossoff defeated Republican senators earlier this month. The Georgia secretary of state is expected to certify those results Tuesday. Padilla has been tapped by California’s governor to fill Harris’ remaining term in the Senate. — By Lisa Mascaro. ___ 10:35 a.m. Two U.S. Army National Guard members are being removed from the security mission to secure Joe Biden’s presidential inauguration. A U.S. Army official and a senior U.S. intelligence official say the two National Guard members have been found to have ties to fringe right group militias. No plot against Biden was found. The Army official and the intelligence official spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity due to Defence Department media regulations. They did not say what fringe group the Guard members belonged to or what unit they served in. Contacted by the AP on Tuesday, the National Guard Bureau referred questions to the U.S. Secret Service and said, “Due to operational security, we do not discuss the process nor the outcome of the vetting process for military members supporting the inauguration.” The Secret Service told the AP on Monday it would not comment on if any National Guard members had been pulled from securing the inauguration for operational security reasons. — By James LaPorta, reporting from Delray Beach, Florida. ___ 9:45 a.m. Joe Biden will strike a unity theme before his inauguration as president on Wednesday by worshipping with Congress’ top four Republican and Democratic leaders. The Democratic president-elect has talked throughout the campaign and the post-election period about his goal of uniting a sharply divided country. Biden’s incoming chief of staff, Ron Klain, on Tuesday retweeted a post that said Biden had quietly extended invitations to Democrats Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and to Republicans Mitch McConnell and Kevin McCarthy to accompany him to a Mass at St. Matthew’s Cathedral. Spokespeople for Pelosi, Schumer, McConnell and McCarthy confirm they are accompanying Biden. Sen. Chris Coons tells CNN the church service is “an important part of respecting tradition.” Coons is a Democrat from Biden’s home state of Delaware. He says the service is a “reminder of who Joe is and who we are as a nation that’s hopeful and optimistic.” The Associated Press5 minutes agoThe Canadian PressPompeo says China's policies on Muslims amount to 'genocide'WASHINGTON — On his way out the door, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo lashed out anew at China on Tuesday by declaring that its policies on Muslims and ethnic minorities in the western Xinjiang region constitute “crimes against humanity” and a “genocide.” The rarely used designation is sure to provoke an angry response from Beijing. Pompeo made the determination just 24 hours before President-elect Joe Biden takes office. There was no immediate response from the incoming Biden team, although he and members of his national security team have expressed support for such a designation in the past. Pompeo’s determination does not come with any immediate repercussions although the legal implications mean the U.S. must take it into account in formulating policy toward China. The U.S. has spoken out and taken action, implementing a range of sanctions against senior Chinese Communist Party leaders and state-run enterprises that fund the architecture of repression across Xinjiang. Many of those accused of having taken part in the repression are already under U.S. sanctions. The genocide designation means new measures will be easier to impose. “After careful examination of the available facts, I have determined that since at least March 2017, the People’s Republic of China, under the direction and control of the Chinese Communist Party, has committed crimes against humanity against the predominantly Muslim Uyghurs and other members of ethnic and religious minority groups in Xinjiang,” Pompeo said in a statement. “In addition, after careful examination of the available facts, I have determined that the PRC, under the direction and control of the CCP, has committed genocide against the predominantly Muslim Uyghurs and other ethnic and religious minority groups in Xinjiang. I believe this genocide is ongoing, and that we are witnessing the systematic attempt to destroy Uyghurs by the Chinese party-state.\" A main reason cited for the declaration of genocide was widespread forced birth control among the Uighurs, which The Associated Press documented last year. Another reason cited, Uighur forced labour, has also been linked by AP reporting to various products imported to the U.S., including clothing and electronic goods such as cameras and computer monitors. Tuesday’s move is the latest in a series of steps the outgoing Trump administration has taken against China. Since last year, the administration has steadily ramped up pressure on Beijing, imposing sanctions on numerous officials and companies for their activities in Taiwan, Tibet, Hong Kong and the South China Sea. Those penalties have gotten harsher since the beginning of last year when President Donald Trump and Pompeo began to accuse China of trying to cover up the coronavirus pandemic. Just on Saturday, Pompeo lifted restrictions on U.S. diplomatic contacts with Taiwanese officials, prompting a stern rebuke from China, which regards the island as a renegade province. Five days ago, the administration announced it would halt imports of cotton and tomatoes from Xinjiang with Customs and Border Protection officials saying they would block products from there suspected of being produced with forced labour. Xinjiang is a major global supplier of cotton, so the order could have significant effects on international commerce. The Trump administration has already blocked imports from individual companies linked to forced labour in the region, and the U.S. has imposed sanctions on Communist Party officials with prominent roles in the campaign. China has imprisoned more than 1 million people, including Uighurs and other mostly Muslim ethnic groups, in a vast network of concentration camps, according to U.S. officials and human rights groups. People have been subjected to torture, sterilization and political indoctrination in addition to forced labour as part of an assimilation campaign in a region whose inhabitants are ethnically and culturally distinct from the Han Chinese majority. China has denied all the charges. China says its policies in Xinjiang aim only to promote economic and social development in the region and stamp out radicalism. It also rejects criticism of what it considers its internal affairs. The genocide designation is a rare step for the U.S. government, which did not apply it to the 1994 mass killings in Rwanda until much later. Former Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the situation in Sudan’s western Darfur region a genocide in 2004. Former Secretary of State John Kerry applied the term to the Islamic State’s repression and massacres of Yazidis and other ethnic and religious minorities in Syria and Iraq in 2016, but he couched it by saying it was a legal determination only that did not mandate action by the U.S. government. Human rights groups, which have been generally critical of Trump administration policies, welcomed the move, which Pompeo said was taken with an eye toward the U.S. role in prosecuting Nazi war crimes during WWII at the Nuremberg trials. “We hope to see the U.S. follow these strong words with decisive action,” said Grant Shubin of the Global Justice Center. “Where there is a risk of genocide, there is a duty to act. Moving forward, this designation should inform the entirety of U.S. foreign policy and we hope to hear more from the incoming Biden administration on how it plans to follow through on this historic announcement.” And, some questioned the decision to apply it to China and Xinjiang and not to the situation in Myanmar, where Rphingya Muslims have been subjected to significant attacks and atrocities. “The Secretary’s statement underscores the importance of appropriate international investigations and prosecutions of officials for the crime of genocide in Xinjiang,” said Eric Schwartz, the president of Refugees International. “At the same time, I’m baffled and deeply concerned that Secretary Pompeo has declined to make a similar finding of genocide against the state of Myanmar for its vicious mass attacks against the Rohingya population beginning in August 2017.” ___ Ben Fox contributed. Matthew Lee, The Associated Press6 minutes agoInitiative de journalisme localCOVID-19: baisse des nouveaux cas en OntarioÉMILIE PELLETIER Initiative de journalisme local — Le Droit La santé publique de l’Ontario fait état, dans son plus récent bilan, de 1913 nouvelles infections à la COVID-19, un nombre considérablement moins élevé que la moyenne des dernières semaines dans la province. Il existe une explication derrière ce faible bilan d’infections rapportées en une journée. Le bureau de la ministre de la Santé, Christine Elliott, a fait savoir qu’une probable sous-déclaration des cas serait survenue en raison d’un problème technique remarqué à la santé publique de Toronto. Le nombre de cas rapportés dans la métropole est de 550, mardi, alors qu’au cours des jours précédents, on signalait 815, 1035 et 903 cas quotidiens. Ce bilan ontarien des cas quotidiens de COVID-19 arbore néanmoins son plus faible taux depuis la mi-décembre. Or, le nombre de tests de dépistage effectués est en baisse, avec 34 500 tests effectués au cours des 24 dernières heures. L’Ontario a effectué depuis le début de la pandémie plus de neuf millions de tests de dépistage de la COVID-19. Décès L’Ontario déplore 46 nouveaux décès causés par le virus. En tout, 5318 Ontariens ont perdu leur combat contre la COVID-19. Lundi, 1626 personnes atteintes de la COVID-19 étaient hospitalisées en Ontario, dont 400 aux soins intensifs. Parmi ces derniers, 292 étaient sous respirateur. Foyers de soins de longue durée Au cours de la dernière journée, 75 résidents de foyers de soins de longue durée (FSLD) et 57 membres du personnel ont reçu un résultat positif au coronavirus. On déplore également que 29 résidents de ces établissements ont perdu la vie en raison du virus au cours de la journée, portant le total des décès de résidents en FSLD à 3179.Émilie Pelletier, journaliste, Initiative de journalisme local, Le Droit6 minutes agoBusiness WireGreen, Social and Sustainability Bonds Market 2021 Outlook: The New Sustainable Borders2020 was another strong year for sustainable finance, mostly supported by the issuance of social bonds and the rise of Sustainability-linked bonds. It was driven by 2 main factors: the Covid-19 crisis, which has highlighted the need to develop resilience to risks and shocks, including those related to climate and the environment, and the climate neutrality commitments, which are spreading in several countries, with some already backed by investment plans.6 minutes agoMore Stories"
