"Daijob.com :: 'Jobs for international business professionals.For Employers日本語Daijob.com is Japan's definitive job site for multilingual professionals.HOMESearchMy PageScoutCareers AdviceCareer Fair日本語HOMESearchScoutCareers AdviceWorking AbroadCareer FairAdvertise your job with us!About UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySite MapFAQContact UsCloseMy Page LoginJapan's No1 job site for multilinguals・Job Details 「Daijob.com]　TOPMy Page Login応募する企業とポジション名Company NamePasona Tech, Inc./株式会社パソナテックPosition NameSoftware Engineer (AI Team)Welcome back to Daijob!Login with your preferred SNS serviceor enter your E-mail and passwordFor those already registered onDaijob.com or Working AbroadE-mail (or Username) PasswordRemember MeForgot Your Password? Click HereE-mail & Password Registration※ You can also quickly register with the social icons aboveE-mail RequiredPassword RequiredArea of Residence RequiredAreaAsia North America South America Europe Oceania AfricaAllUnited States Canada Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda Cayman Islands Costa Rica Cuba Dominica Dominican Republic El Salvador Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Haiti Honduras Jamaica Martinique Mexico Montserrat Netherlands Antilles Nicaragua Panama Puerto Rico Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Lucia St Vincent & Grenadines St. Pierre & Miquelon Trinidad & Tobago Turks & Caicos Islands Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.)Job MailYou can receive the newest job postings based on your preferences.Receive job mailNewslettersJapaneseSubscribeEnglishSubscribePlease agree with the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy to register. RequiredTerms of UseTerms of Use notice pertaining to the access and use of any document / article available on any website produced by Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. or use of any email message issued by Human Global Talent Co., Ltd.* Daijob.com user terms and conditions are governed by the laws of Japan, and users hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the Japanese courts. Daijob.com will not take any responsibility for the content of job advertisments placed on this website, including images, words, job descriptions, advertisements, news, job contracts and/or conditions, as well as all other content in compliance to your country’s law, regulation and legislation on employment. Users agree to take personal responsibility when using Daijob.com in compliance to your country’s law, regulation, and legislation.Using Daijob.com（1） \"Daijob.com\" is a collective term for the online job-site and any website produced by Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. or email services or any other services related to assisting job search.（2） \"Users\" is a collective term for those using Daijob.com for the posting of job information, registered members, or anyone using Daijob.com's services.（3） Users should use Daijob.com at their own will and responsibility.（4） Daijob.com provides services to users on the condition that users accept all terms listed in this document. By using the site, Daijob.com assumes that Users have agreed to all terms.（5） Members\"Members\" are registered users who have been approved by Human Global Talent Co., Ltd.Daijob.com assumes Members have agreed to all Terms and Conditions upon registration.By using one's own member's page within Daijob.com , Members can check, modify, add and delete all information entered upon registration and also the information relating to newsletter subscription at anytime.Members can delete their registration by themselves in their own member's page within Daijob.com.If a Member does not log in to their member's page for a period of three years, his/her membership may be deleted without user' agreement.Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. reserves the right to stop/delete a Member's registration should he/she violate any of the said Terms.Prohibited ActionsThe purpose of Daijob.com is to assist individuals to find employment and companies to find suitable candidates. Preventing or interfering with those purposes is prohibited. Daijob.com, Inc reserves the right to decide what is considered to be preventive action and / or interference to the said purpose and ban registration for anyone who violates these terms.Examples of Prohibited Actions are listed below. Note ? Daijob.com may also prohibit other acts not listed here:（1） Registration and provision of false information.（2） Violation of copyright, trademark right, privacy right, image right, credit, property and other intellectual right of use.（3） Abuse and defamation to any individual and/or organization.（4） Violation of acts, public order and morals, or any action that potentially has negative effect to Daijob.com.（5） Antisocial acts.（6） Preventing Daijob.com's operation or damaging Human Global Talent Co., Ltd.'s reputation, or any other action that may negatively affect Daijob.com.（7） Using information gained through Daijob.com's service for reproduction, sales, publishing and other purposes beyond personal use. Using Daijob.com's information for commercial purpose or provision.（8） Violation of Daijob.com's authorization and security system, or attempt to do so.（9） Sending spam messages or any other action which may overload Daijob.com's service, host computer and network, or any other action and attempt to destroy / affect negatively Daijob.com's system.（10） Accessing Daijob.com user's undisclosed data and accounts, or attempt to do so.Privacy Policy for residents of the EEAThis Privacy Policy (\"Policy\") sets out how Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. (\"we\", \"us\" and \"our\") will process as a data controller the personal data of the users of our websites and services (\"you\" and \"your\") who reside within the European Economic Area (the \"EEA\") and the measures and processes we have put in place to ensure its adequate protection. This Policy does not form any contractual relationship between you and us, and we may amend it from time to time.（1） LAWFUL PROCESSINGWe will only process your personal data:(a) where you have given your consent (you may withdraw your consent at any time, by making a request using the contact details set out below);(b) where the processing is necessary to provide our services to you;(c) where the processing is necessary to respond to a request from you;(d) where the processing is necessary to maintain our relationship with you;(e) where the processing is necessary for compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations（2）What personal data we collect about you2.1 We process the following types of personal data about you:(a) Your name, email address and other contact details and country of residence;(b) Professional details, such as CV, details of your qualifications, relevant experience and skills, professional and educational backgrounds;(c) Your current role, position and/or job title;(d) Details of your preferences for types of marketing events or materials;(e) Details of your access to our systems and websites; and(f) Your messages, feedback or contributions to surveys and questionnaires.2.2 It may be mandatory for you to provide us with your personal data, to enable us to manage our business and operations, to maintain our relationship with you, to provide our services to you or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. If you fail to provide your personal data, we might be unable to maintain our relationship with you or to provide our services to you.2.3 We make every effort to maintain the accuracy and completeness of your personal data which we store and to ensure all of your personal data is up to date. However, you can assist us with this considerably by promptly contacting us if there are any changes to your personal data or if you become aware that we have inaccurate personal data relating to you. We will not be responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us.（3） HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATAWe usually collect your personal data from the information you submit during the course of your relationship with us. This will typically be through the forms and documents used when you create your account with us or sign up to marketing or market data news lists.We may also collect your personal data from other sources such as magazine publishers, PR firms, fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies, the records of governmental agencies and social media.（4）HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATAWe will process your personal data for the following purposes:(a) to provide you with requested services;(b) to respond to your messages or posts to us;(c) to provide you with promotional and marketing materials about our services that we think you may be interested;(d) to manage, develop and improve our services, information technology systems and websites;(e) for research and marketing purposes;(f) for monitoring and assessing compliance with law and our policies and standards;(g) to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations and requests anywhere in the world, including reporting to and/or being audited by national and international regulatory bodies;(h) to carry out money laundering, financial and credit checks and for fraud and crime prevention and detection purposes;(i) for administrative purposes in relation to the security of and access to our systems, premises, platforms and websites and applications;(j) to comply with court orders and exercise and/or defend our legal rights;(k) for any other legitimate business purpose; and(l) as otherwise permitted or required by any applicable law or regulation.（5）INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATAWe will process your personal data in Japan which is outside the EEA. Although the EU Commission has not confirmed that Japanese law offers the same level of protection of personal data as are enjoyed within the EEA, we will process your personal data with the same level of protection as in the EEA and recognise your rights on your personal data you would hold under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. Your personal data will not be transferred within Japan or to any other countries outside Japan without your consent.（6） WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe do not and will not sell, rent out or trade your personal data. We will only disclose your personal data to the following recipients:(a) to the potential employers you selected on \"My Page\" so that those potential employers can have access to your personal data (such as CV);(b) to third parties who process your personal data on our behalf (such as our systems providers including cloud providers);(c) to companies providing services for money laundering checks, credit risk reduction and other fraud and crime prevention purposes and companies providing similar services, including financial institutions, credit reference agencies and regulatory bodies with whom such information is shared;(d) to any third party to whom we assign or novate any of our rights or obligations;(e) to any prospective buyer in the event we sell any part of our business or assets; and(f) to any government, regulatory agency, enforcement or exchange body or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation or at their request.We may sell or provide aggregated and anonymised information and analytics about the users of our websites and services to third parties. Before we do so, we will make sure that such information does not identify you.（7） HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe are committed to safeguarding and protecting your personal data and will implement and maintain appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to protect your personal data from accidental or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or access.（8） YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT8.1 If you wish to:(a) update, modify, or delete your personal data, or obtain a copy of your personal data that we hold; or(b) restrict or stop us from using any of your personal data which we hold,you can request this by contacting us using the contact details set out below.8.2 In any of the situations listed above, we may request that you prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of identification in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorised disclosure of data.（9） HOW LONG WE WILL HOLD YOUR PERSONAL DATA FORWe will only retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal, regulatory or internal policy requirements.（10） Direct MarketingIf you tell us that you do not wish we or any of our group companies to provide you with information about our services and other marketing materials, we will not contact you further for the purpose of direct marketing. You can contact us using the contact details set out below.（11） Use of CookiesA \"cookie\" is a small text file that is stored on a user's hard drive or mobile device. Cookies are generated by web servers when the user enters an internet page, and are passed to the user's computer or mobile device and stored for subsequent future access.They perform a number of functions associated with browsing websites and are used for a variety of different purposes, such as tracing users from page to page on an internet site. This can enhance a user's experience on a website, enabling the site to be personalised according to e.g. a user's preferences and browsing activities.For more information about how we use cookies, please read our cookie policy.Acquirement of not easily identifiable information We use cookies generated by our website to check for system requirements and identity authentication and the information gathered will not be used for personal identification. Should you wish to switch this function off, please disable cookies in your browser.（12） HOW WE UPDATE OR CHANGE THIS FAIR PROCESSING POLICYWe may change or update parts of this Policy in order to maintain our compliance with applicable law and regulation or following an update to our internal practices. We will do this by updating this Policy. You will not necessarily be directly notified of such a change. Therefore, please ensure that you regularly check this Policy so you are fully aware of any changes or updates.（13） HOW YOU CAN CONTACT USIf you have any queries about the contents of this Policy or your personal data, or wish to make a request in relation to your personal data, please contact us using the details set out below:Email: djsupport@daijob.comTEL: +81(0)3-6682-5468FAX: +81(0)3-6680-6464（14）HOW TO LODGE A COMPLAINT TO THE REGULATORYou are entitled to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection regulator if you consider that we have breached your data protection rights.Services and Information Provided by Daijob.com（1） Information on third parties shown on Daijob.com (such as recruiting information, company information, personal information registered by Members, data, advertisements, graphics and links) are provided / disclosed at the responsibility of the said third party. Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. does not guarantee the accuracy of this information.（2） Information provided by Daijob.com may include some technical errors and typographical errors. While Daijob.com strives to produce a fault-free system / service, Daijob.com does not guarantee that the services are error / fault-free which may be of inconvenience to users.（3） Links embedded in Daijob.com, may take you to websites operated by third parties. These linked sites are not under the control of Daijob.com and Daijob.com is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. is providing these links only as a convenience to users, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. of the site nor any commercial relationship with that site.（4） Some names of product, service and company, which are included in the information provided by Daijob.com, are protected by trademarks and intellectual property rights. Reference to these trademarks by Daijob.com does not mean that those trademarks are not protected by law. It does not mean that there is a commercial relationship with Daijob.com and the holders of those trademarks.Disclaimer（1） Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. is not responsible for any damage (such as emotional distress, interruption of job searching process and other damage including financial loss) caused by registering and using Daijob.com.（2） Due to personal information being acquired by third parties, Daijob.com is not responsible for the scenarios listed below:Users' actions when Users disclose their personal information by themselves to companies they wish to apply for by using Daijob.com's online functions or other means. Applying through Daijob.com means that users agree to disclose their personal information to the companies they applied to. After the application was made, the handling of personal information becomes the responsibility of each company the user applied to. Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. is not responsible for how any third party handles personal information. When users apply to companies directly (i.e. not through Daijob.com system) and disclose their personal information by themselves (such as sending resumes), Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. is not responsible for how each company handles one\"s personal information.Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. is not responsible for disclosing personal information if the individual was identified by chance from information other than personal identification information provided by the user in one's profile.（3） Links embedded in Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. websites may take you to websites operated by others. These linked sites are not under the control of Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. and Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.MiscellaneousHuman Global Talent Co., Ltd. is not responsible for damage / loss of information caused by computer viruses that cannot be prevented by general anti-virus measures, convulsion of nature, and other damages caused by reasons separate from Daijob.com's direct area of responsibility. Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. recommends that all users back up their own data.RestitutionUser will accept claim for restitution either directly or indirectly, if a user acts in any way against the Terms and Conditions causing or potentially causing damage to Human Global Talent Co., Ltd.CookiesHuman Global Talent Co., Ltd. sends small pieces of information called \"cookies\" to users' computers during their sessions. Cookies will be stored on users' hard disc or memory. This is to enable Daijob.com to provide users the planned member services, high value added services, and advertisement management system. This is not to invade users' privacy and environment.Copyright/Intellectual Property Rights, Content, and Links（1） Copyright / Intellectual Property RightsCopyrights and Intellectual Property Rights of all information provided by Daijob.com (such as contents and information) belong to Daijob.com. However, information such as product name, company name and logos include trademarks and registered trademarks possessed by each company.（2） Fair usePermission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of any Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. webpage or e-mail newsletter exclusively for personal or educational use is granted without fee, provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that each copy bears the full copyright & license notice as stated below.Electronic copies shall include a link to the original version on the corresponding Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. webpage in addition to the copyright & license notice.Copyrights for components of the reproduced work that are owned by those other than Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. must be honored.Notwithstanding the above limited permission, reproduction of any Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. webpage or e-mail newsletter or any portion thereof, or republishing such content in either print or electronic form, posting it on another server, or redistributing it by e-mail or any other means, requires the prior express permission of Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. does not grant any rights, only the above limited permission subject to the above obligations. All rights are reserved, including reproduction, distribution, public performance, and public display rights. At no time may an original work be modified without the written permission of Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. Violations of this policy will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.（3） Commercial UseWhen reproducing/reusing contents provided by Daijob.com for commercial purpose, please enquire to Daijob.com first. Reproduction/reuse of contents for commercial purposes includes those under partnership or affiliate contract.In any case, the affiliated website or email message is required to provide a link to the Daijob.com site, a banner, and a button. When Daijob.com's contents are reproduced on printed materials, clear indication of URL and the copyright is required.（4） LinksHuman Global Talent Co., Ltd. encourages webmasters of other websites and distributors of electronic texts to place a link to our website. Please contact Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. before having a link to our website. The link must go to the \"top level\". If the link will be a so-called \"deep link\", please consult us beforehand.Changing Daijob.com's servicesHuman Global Talent Co., Ltd. may, without prior notice, modify or discontinue its services temporarily or on long-term basis, or terminate its service and the users agree to such condition.Modifying Terms of UseHuman Global Talent Co., Ltd. can modify Terms of Use at anytime. The modification is made by revising this page.Competent CourtAny disputes between users and Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. will be governed by the jurisdiction of a competent court, namely the Tokyo District Court.Governing LawThe governing law of all disputes is Japanese law.Additional ClauseThis Terms of Use is implemented from 10th January 2006. Revised on 25th May 2018.【Contact】〒160-0023 Tokyo-to, Shinjuku-ku, Nishi Shinjuku 7-5-25 Nishi Shinjuku Prime Square Bldg. 2FPh: +81-3-6682-5483Fax: +81-3-6680-6464(10:00-18:00, Mon-Fri)Contact UsPrivacy Policy Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. (hereafter known as \"the Company\") is engaged in the distribution of business information through the internet, our employees want to prioritize the accurate and safe handling of personal information of all of our customers. In order to properly protect and manage all personal information received, we hereby acknowledge the maintenance and implementation of the below Privacy Policy. As a corporate group that provides continuing education and performs employment services, the Company believes that it is our social duty to accurately and safely handle information about customers that is used in each company's services in the Group. All of the officers and employees of the Company understand the privacy policy and have vowed to enforce these practices. (This basic policy applies to handling of personal information by the Company. Each company in the Group has similar defined policies. For details about each company's specify policy, we ask that you contact each company individually.) Privacy Policy 1. All businesses in the Company that handle personal information and all employees who handle personal information comply with laws, nationally established guidelines, and other standards in regards to the handling of personal information. Furthermore, the Company has formulated a personal information management system based on \"Personal information protection management systems-Requirements\" (JISQ15001) from the Japan Industrial Standards in order to protect personal information. 2. The Company will define the purpose of usage when acquiring and using personal information, and the personal information will not be handled in a manner that exceeds the requirements for achieving the defined purpose (personal information will not be used for a purpose other than the defined purpose). Furthermore, the Company will take appropriate management measures to ensure that personal information will not be used for a purpose other than the defined purpose. 3. The Company will not provide any acquired personal information to third parties without the express permission of said person, except in situations such as when required by law. 4. If the Company receives complaints or consultation regarding the handling of personal information, the Company will quickly perform an investigation into the matter and handle the matter in good faith within a reasonable period of time. 5. In order to appropriately manage acquired personal information, the Company will establish systematic, personal, physical, and technical safety measures to prevent leakage, loss, defamation, or revisions of personal information. 6. The Company is continuously revising the personal information protection management system for protecting personal information based on changes to societal circumstances or environment, and the Company continues to improve efforts towards personal information protection. Written: August 31, 2004 Revised: April 1, 2007 August 8, 2008 Human Holdings Co., Ltd. Representative Director, President and CEO: Tomonari Sato Contact for question/comments regarding the privacy policy: Privacy Mark Bureau, Human Holdings Co., Ltd. TEL: +81-3-6846-8001 (Weekdays 9am-6pm) E-mail：hhcsoudan@athuman.comPrivacy Policy for residents of the EEA This Privacy Policy (\"Policy\") sets out how Human Global Talent Co., Ltd. (\"we\", \"us\" and \"our\") will process as a data controller the personal data of the users of our websites and services (\"you\" and \"your\") who reside within the European Economic Area (the \"EEA\") and the measures and processes we have put in place to ensure its adequate protection. This Policy does not form any contractual relationship between you and us, and we may amend it from time to time. 1. LAWFUL PROCESSING We will only process your personal data: (a) where you have given your consent (you may withdraw your consent at any time, by making a request using the contact details set out below); (b) where the processing is necessary to provide our services to you; (c) where the processing is necessary to respond to a request from you; (d) where the processing is necessary to maintain our relationship with you; (e) where the processing is necessary for compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations 2. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU 2.1 We process the following types of personal data about you: (a) Your name, email address and other contact details and country of residence; (b) Professional details, such as CV, details of your qualifications, relevant experience and skills, professional and educational backgrounds; (c) Your current role, position and/or job title; (d) Details of your preferences for types of marketing events or materials; (e) Details of your access to our systems and websites; and (f) Your messages, feedback or contributions to surveys and questionnaires. 2.2 It may be mandatory for you to provide us with your personal data, to enable us to manage our business and operations, to maintain our relationship with you, to provide our services to you or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. If you fail to provide your personal data, we might be unable to maintain our relationship with you or to provide our services to you. 2.3 We make every effort to maintain the accuracy and completeness of your personal data which we store and to ensure all of your personal data is up to date. However, you can assist us with this considerably by promptly contacting us if there are any changes to your personal data or if you become aware that we have inaccurate personal data relating to you. We will not be responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us. 3. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA We usually collect your personal data from the information you submit during the course of your relationship with us. This will typically be through the forms and documents used when you create your account with us or sign up to marketing or market data news lists. We may also collect your personal data from other sources such as magazine publishers, PR firms, fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies, the records of governmental agencies and social media. 4. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA We will process your personal data for the following purposes: (a) to provide you with requested services; (b) to respond to your messages or posts to us; (c) to provide you with promotional and marketing materials about our services that we think you may be interested; (d) to manage, develop and improve our services, information technology systems and websites; (e) for research and marketing purposes; (f) for monitoring and assessing compliance with law and our policies and standards; (g) to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations and requests anywhere in the world, including reporting to and/or being audited by national and international regulatory bodies; (h) to carry out money laundering, financial and credit checks and for fraud and crime prevention and detection purposes; (i) for administrative purposes in relation to the security of and access to our systems, premises, platforms and websites and applications; (j) to comply with court orders and exercise and/or defend our legal rights; (k) for any other legitimate business purpose; and (l) as otherwise permitted or required by any applicable law or regulation. 5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA We will process your personal data in Japan which is outside the EEA. Although the EU Commission has not confirmed that Japanese law offers the same level of protection of personal data as are enjoyed within the EEA, we will process your personal data with the same level of protection as in the EEA and recognise your rights on your personal data you would hold under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (\"GDPR\"). In addition, we will transfer your personal data to the potential Japanese employers you selected on \"My Page\" so that those potential employers can have access to your personal data (such as CV) and these potential employers will be required to process your personal data in accordance with Japanese data protection law. However, the European Commission has not confirmed that Japanese law offers the same level of protection of personal data as are enjoyed within the EEA and no safeguards that are provided for in the GDPR will not be in place to protect your personal data. Therefore, these potential Japanese employers may not process your personal data by the same standard as in the EEA and you may not be able to exercise the same rights on your personal data as in the EEA. 6. WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We do not and will not sell, rent out or trade your personal data. We will only disclose your personal data to the following recipients: (a) to the potential employers you selected on \"My Page\" so that those potential employers can have access to your personal data (such as CV); (b) to third parties who process your personal data on our behalf (such as our systems providers including cloud providers); (c) to companies providing services for money laundering checks, credit risk reduction and other fraud and crime prevention purposes and companies providing similar services, including financial institutions, credit reference agencies and regulatory bodies with whom such information is shared; (d) to any third party to whom we assign or novate any of our rights or obligations; (e) to any prospective buyer in the event we sell any part of our business or assets; and (f) to any government, regulatory agency, enforcement or exchange body or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation or at their request. We may sell or provide aggregated and anonymised information and analytics about the users of our websites and services to third parties. Before we do so, we will make sure that such information does not identify you. 7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA We are committed to safeguarding and protecting your personal data and will implement and maintain appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to protect your personal data from accidental or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or access. 8. YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT 8.1 If you wish to: (a) update, modify, or delete your personal data, or obtain a copy of your personal data that we hold; or (b) restrict or stop us from using any of your personal data which we hold, you can request this by contacting us using the contact details set out below. 8.2 In any of the situations listed above, we may request that you prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of identification in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorised disclosure of data. 9. HOW LONG WE WILL HOLD YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR We will only retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal, regulatory or internal policy requirements. 10. DIRECT MARKETING If you tell us that you do not wish we or any of our group companies to provide you with information about our services and other marketing materials, we will not contact you further for the purpose of direct marketing. You can contact us using the contact details set out below. 11. USE OF COOKIES A \"cookie\" is a small text file that is stored on a user's hard drive or mobile device. Cookies are generated by web servers when the user enters an internet page, and are passed to the user's computer or mobile device and stored for subsequent future access. They perform a number of functions associated with browsing websites and are used for a variety of different purposes, such as tracing users from page to page on an internet site. This can enhance a user's experience on a website, enabling the site to be personalised according to e.g. a user's preferences and browsing activities. For more information about how we use cookies, please read our cookie policy. Acquirement of not easily identifiable information We use cookies generated by our website to check for system requirements and identity authentication and the information gathered will not be used for personal identification. Should you wish to switch this function off, please disable cookies in your browser. 12. HOW WE UPDATE OR CHANGE THIS FAIR PROCESSING POLICY We may change or update parts of this Policy in order to maintain our compliance with applicable law and regulation or following an update to our internal practices. We will do this by updating this Policy. You will not necessarily be directly notified of such a change. Therefore, please ensure that you regularly check this Policy so you are fully aware of any changes or updates. 13. HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US If you have any queries about the contents of this Policy or your personal data, or wish to make a request in relation to your personal data, please contact us using the details set out below: Email: djsupport@daijob.com TEL: +81(0)3-6673-5902 FAX: +81(0)3-6680-6464 14. HOW TO LODGE A COMPLAINT TO THE REGULATOR You are entitled to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection regulator if you consider that we have breached your data protection rights. Date Updated: [4th June 2018]Complete Registration &Create a ResumeThis email address is already being used by a registered account.Please log in by entering your registered email address and password or via a connected social media account.Email address is requiredWe were not able to confirm your e-mail address from Facebook account.Please register with your Google+ / LinkedIn account, or register by filling in the form.Page TopAbout UsJob Posting and Other ServicesTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySite MapFAQContact UsJob site for professionals wishing to work in another country - Working Abroad WorldwideJapanese jobs outside Japan - Working Abroad (Japanese Only)Information Site for HR Managers - HR ClubJapan's Largest Jobsite for bilinguals c 2021 Human Global Talent Co., Ltd."
