"Why Go Pro? What do I Get?FORGOTTEN DETAILS?How Does MFJTV Work?About Me - Michelle MathersonSIGNUPExamplesLET ME MENTOR YOU!We all know that leaving full-time education or changing careers is hard and money is scarce, so we have made MFJTV a free platform to apply for ALL the available jobs and opportunities. However, some of you may need a little helping hand or be stuck between jobs. That's why we offer our PRO Membership. Its there to give your career a boost, but what is involved, is it worth the money?Career Mentoring for as little as £4.99 a month...LET ME MENTOR YOU!BE MENTORED BY ME!We all want to skip the queue and land our dream jobs yesterday! However, there is no shortcut, just lots of wrong turns that lead to frustration. I am here to keep you on the right path and guide you through what arguably are the hardest years of your career.Having natured the careers of so many, from runners to producers, I am confident that I can boost your career - as long as you are willing to work hard!The personal mentoring and coaching I offer to my PRO Members has three parts to it:‘Manage your Own Career’ - via monthly telephone or Skype sessions we can start with getting the basics of CVs and cover letters sorted, then ensure you are applying for the right roles to you. I can give feedback, ensure you do all the right research and know about all the right places to look for work. I will also identify weaknesses in your application we can work together to remove so you quickly become the best candidate possible. It will be hard work and it takes time, but if you are motivated, you will succeed, I promise.Meet with Me - every month at our networking events, you can informally chat with leading industry figures and fellow runners. Plus we can meet and go over your progress. Its important to build relationships, these events are an excellent means to do that.My Little Black Book - once you are ready and after we have met, I will open up my Little Black Book to you, were there is over 20 years of contacts throughout the industry. No guarantees can be made but hopefully, we can find you some work .LET ME MENTOR YOU!JOIN MY EXCLUSIVE LIST OF RUNNERSHaving worked in the industry for nearly 20 years, people are always asking me for CVs for people to hire. This can range from a LP to a Runner. These are often last minute, urgent jobs, that are not advertised anywhere.All PRO Members will be on my distribution list and will receive details of these roles. The frequency, variety and locations will vary month to month but you will have access to all the requests that come across my desk.To be on the list, we have to have met, I like to know my runners, who they are and ensure they are the bestLET ME MENTOR YOU!BOOST YOUR CHANCES - GO TO THE TOP OF THE LIST!Sometimes you really want to be noticed and there is no better way that getting your CV to the top of the pile! When recruiters post jobs on the site, PRO Members will be placed at the top of the list, in order of who applied first.LET ME MENTOR YOU!SAVE £1000'S WITH PRO REWARDS!Top brands including Apple - yes Apple! - have provided MFJTV PRO members with discounts to their products. By being a PRO Member of MFJTV you get to save literally £1000's from the latest Apple products, to driving lessons with RED to courses at the MetFilm School.PRO Rewards really do save you money and make using MFJTV a bargain!Click here to see the latest brands offering discounts to PRO Members of MFJTV.LET ME MENTOR YOU!MEET THE INDUSTRY - NETWORKING EVENTSEvery month we will be organising informal Q&A sessions with experienced industry professionals. PRO Members will be invited to meet, greet and network, collect business cards and advice to propel your TV career.These events will be regional, covering all the UK, giving everyone the opportunity to meet a wide array of individuals, from Talent Managers, Editorial, Technical and Production crew.Look out for details.LET ME MENTOR YOU!THE MJFTV ACADEMYWe are working to create affordable, career ready training in conjunction with the top companies in the industry. Instead of just adding something on to your CV, once you complete these courses you become part of an exclusive network of runners that the participating companies will turn to when they looking for runners.The courses will include:- Production Runner- Edit- Camera- Researcher- DevelopmentLET ME MENTOR YOU!IMPORTANT ANSWERS TO IMPORTANT QUESTIONS!We make sure we are up to date with all the feedback and questions. Here we list the most frequent concerns that people have about using a MFJTV to help them their TV careers:Is it free to apply for jobs on My First Job In TV?Who runs My First Job In TV?What is the difference between My First Job In TV and My First Job In Film?Why do you charge a fee to be a PRO Member?How do recruiters get my CV?Will I get feedback?How do I improve my chances?LET ME MENTOR YOU!TermsPrivacy© 2017 MyFirstJobInTV. All Rights Reserved."
