"Forex & Fintech jobs in Jordan | Jobs in ForexLATEST JOBSCOMPANIESRECRUITERSPRICINGPOST A JOBSign inSign upLATEST JOBSCOMPANIESRECRUITERSPRICINGPOST A JOBModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs6 Forex & Fintech jobs in JordanRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisPython Developerliwwa Amman, Jordanliwwa (liwwa.com) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $20 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $40 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to grow its technical team and hire software developers to help expand its business even further. Main Responsibilities: Maintaining current codebase, by developing new features and debugging existing issues. Designing and developing new system components. Writing and maintaining development and deployment scripts. Performing code reviews for code contributed by...20/01/2021Full timeliwwa (liwwa.com) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $20 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $40 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to grow its technical team and hire software developers to help expand its business even further. Main Responsibilities: Maintaining current codebase, by developing new features and debugging existing issues. Designing and developing new system components. Writing and maintaining development and deployment scripts. Performing code reviews for code contributed by...Director Of Technologyliwwa Amman, Jordanliwwa is building a high-tech infrastructure for lending to small and medium businesses in emerging markets. To date, we've underwritten more than $45 million in loans to over 1000 businesses in Jordan and Egypt. We've utilized computer vision, statistical modeling, and machine learning to augment our efficiencies across the board. We are now looking for a Director of Technology to lead our technology teams in Amman. About liwwa’s technology culture: liwwa’s stack is built mainly using Python technologies, although we utilize non-python specialized tools where appropriate (such as R for data exploration). Our production servers are all hosted on AWS. We have a strong DevOps culture, where we treat our infrastructure as code, and every engineer is capable of shepherding their product from inception to production, including provisioning necessary infrastructure. We utilize continuous deployment/continuous integration workflows and deploy to production a few times a day...13/01/2021Full timeliwwa is building a high-tech infrastructure for lending to small and medium businesses in emerging markets. To date, we've underwritten more than $45 million in loans to over 1000 businesses in Jordan and Egypt. We've utilized computer vision, statistical modeling, and machine learning to augment our efficiencies across the board. We are now looking for a Director of Technology to lead our technology teams in Amman. About liwwa’s technology culture: liwwa’s stack is built mainly using Python technologies, although we utilize non-python specialized tools where appropriate (such as R for data exploration). Our production servers are all hosted on AWS. We have a strong DevOps culture, where we treat our infrastructure as code, and every engineer is capable of shepherding their product from inception to production, including provisioning necessary infrastructure. We utilize continuous deployment/continuous integration workflows and deploy to production a few times a day...Data Scientist - AI Engineerliwwa Amman, Jordanliwwa (liwwa.com) is a fintech startup that provides trade and asset finance to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. liwwa owns and operates a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. The focus of our work is on finding high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding and our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to grow its technical team and hire a Data Scientist - AI Engineer to help scale its machine learning and analytics capabilities. We’re looking for a curious, creative thinker with a track record of tackling challenging problems in innovative ways. Main Responsibilities: Developing and maintaining technology for document digitization, using Computer Vision (CV) and Optical Character Recognition (OCR) techniques. Developing predictive models based on structured and unstructured data. Supporting on...07/01/2021Full timeliwwa (liwwa.com) is a fintech startup that provides trade and asset finance to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. liwwa owns and operates a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. The focus of our work is on finding high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding and our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to grow its technical team and hire a Data Scientist - AI Engineer to help scale its machine learning and analytics capabilities. We’re looking for a curious, creative thinker with a track record of tackling challenging problems in innovative ways. Main Responsibilities: Developing and maintaining technology for document digitization, using Computer Vision (CV) and Optical Character Recognition (OCR) techniques. Developing predictive models based on structured and unstructured data. Supporting on...Director Of Operationsliwwa Amman, Jordanliwwa (liwwa.com) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $20 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $50 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to enable job and income growth and thereby have a positive social impact within the MENA region We are currently hiring a Director of Operations to lead our Jordan Operations. The ideal candidate should have several years of experience in the financial sector and should be prepared to learn about and deploy new ideas in challenging contexts. The incumbent will also have an outsized impact on the company’s future operational and cultural development. We offer...04/01/2021Full timeliwwa (liwwa.com) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $20 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $50 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to enable job and income growth and thereby have a positive social impact within the MENA region We are currently hiring a Director of Operations to lead our Jordan Operations. The ideal candidate should have several years of experience in the financial sector and should be prepared to learn about and deploy new ideas in challenging contexts. The incumbent will also have an outsized impact on the company’s future operational and cultural development. We offer...Senior Relationship Managerliwwa Amman, Jordanliwwa (​liwwa.com​) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $30 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $45 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to hire a Senior Relationship Manager to join the Sales team to continue expanding liwwa’s portfolio of borrowers. Main Responsibilities: Managing a portfolio of accounts exceeding USD 3 Million (direct facilities). Researching, creating and following up on a target list of potential new businesses. Visiting and presenting liwwa’s financial...04/01/2021Full timeliwwa (​liwwa.com​) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $30 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $45 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to hire a Senior Relationship Manager to join the Sales team to continue expanding liwwa’s portfolio of borrowers. Main Responsibilities: Managing a portfolio of accounts exceeding USD 3 Million (direct facilities). Researching, creating and following up on a target list of potential new businesses. Visiting and presenting liwwa’s financial...Sales SME Team Leaderliwwa Amman, Jordanliwwa (​liwwa.com​) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $30 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $45 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to hire a Sales SME Team Leader to join the Sales team to lead a group of Relationship Managers/Officers and continue expanding liwwa’s portfolio of borrowers. Main Responsibilities: Managing a team of Relationship Managers/Officers. Responsible for hiring for the sales team, performance management, target-setting etc... Managing a portfolio of...04/01/2021Full timeliwwa (​liwwa.com​) is a fintech company that provides debt financing to small and medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) based in Jordan and Egypt. We’ve raised roughly $9 million in equity and $30 million in debt from various partners, and have issued roughly $45 million in debt to hundreds of small businesses. We also own and operate a loan marketplace which allows qualifying lenders to buy SME debt. liwwa works to identify high quality borrowers whose businesses will grow with the right access to funding. Our mission is to achieve job and income growth and positive social impact across the MENA region. liwwa is looking to hire a Sales SME Team Leader to join the Sales team to lead a group of Relationship Managers/Officers and continue expanding liwwa’s portfolio of borrowers. Main Responsibilities: Managing a team of Relationship Managers/Officers. Responsible for hiring for the sales team, performance management, target-setting etc... Managing a portfolio of...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsForex jobsTerms & ConditionsRECRUITERSRecruiting? Post a jobPricing & PackagesPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJOB SEEKERSFind JobsLatest Forex jobsAll Jobs in ForexCreate ResumeSign inFacebookLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 Powered by JobsinForex.com"
