"Job Opportunities | Corona Crewingoffice@coronacrewing Naval: +40 372 402282 Drilling: +40 372 402173Home	Corona Crewing	About us	Recruitment Philosophy & Values	Corona Crewing Team	Certified Quality (ISO, Arca Affiliation, RNL)	Corona Crewing Advantage	Services	Employers Area	Our services	Clients	Seafarers' Area	Our Services	Recruitment Process	Job Opportunities	Application Form	Privacy Policy	Contact Us	Job Opportunities	Lay Spread Technician – Mechanical – REGISTRATION CLOSED	Corona Crewing is seeking for an experienced Lay Spread Technician – Mechanical. Please see the job details here. Application must be accompanied by: High school diploma or equivalent electrical field qualification, current/valid BOSIET certificate, current/valid suitable offshore medical certificate. Candidates must prove: working knowledge of the Health and Safety at Work Act and/or local legislation; knowledge of material handling techniques; knowledge of tools usage (grinding machines, welding bands, impact wrench, calibrated wrenches; knowledge (provided through training with competent trainers) of HIAB/Transfer System usage; knowledge of the process to be followed in the event of an incident/injury; knowledge of performing/conducting site inspections with a focus on hazard identification and housekeeping, and effective English communication skills. Please apply by sending the signed Application Form at recruitment@coronacrewing.ro	Lay Spread Technician – Electrical – REGISTRATION CLOSED	Corona Crewing is seeking for an experienced Lay Spread Technician – Electrical. Please see the job details here. Application must be accompanied by: High school diploma or equivalent electrical field qualification, current/valid BOSIET certificate, current/valid suitable offshore medical certificate. Candidates must prove: working knowledge of the Health and Safety at Work Act and/or local legislation; knowledge of material handling techniques; knowledge of tools usage (grinding machines, welding bands, impact wrench, calibrated wrenches; knowledge (provided through training with competent trainers) of HIAB/Transfer System usage; knowledge of the process to be followed in the event of an incident / injury; knowledge of performing/conducting site inspections with a focus on hazard identification and housekeeping, and effective English communication skills. Please apply by sending the signed Application Form at recruitment@coronacrewing.ro	Lay Spread Supervisor	Corona Crewing is seeking for an experienced Lay Spread Supervisor. Please see the job details here. The Lay Spread Supervisor is responsible for the safe and correct operation of all equipment associated with rigid pipe/flexible pipe and umbilical handling/laying. The Lay Spread Supervisor is also responsible for ensuring that all operations are carried out in accordance with standard vessel procedures and in a safe manner. Please see the job details here. All candidates need to apply by sending all the following documents: Current/valid offshore medical suitable for geographical area of work; Current / valid BOSIET; Compliance with Company’s HSEQ Policy. Please apply by sending the signed Application Form at recruitment@coronacrewing.ro	Shift Supervisor – REGISTRATION CLOSED	Corona Crewing is seeking for an experienced Shift Supervisor. Please see the job details here. Application must be accompanied by IMCA (or equivalent) recognized qualification reflective of a career working offshore in the offshore engineering/construction industry. Minimum requirements for the job: 2 years technical or administration education, or similar career development. The role holder will be expected to have gained substantial experience managing people’s performance, including managing teams through change and working in support of people processes. The role holder will be expected to provide management, direction, support, and guidance to all personnel reporting to him, to be able to communicate effectively in English. Please apply by sending the signed Application Form at recruitment@coronacrewing.ro.Rigger Foreman – REGISTRATION CLOSED	Corona Crewing is seeking for an experienced Rigger Foreman. Please apply by sending the signed Application Form at recruitment@coronacrewing.ro. All the following documents need to accompany the application form: Dangerous Goods by Sea and Air Course; Safe Use of Scaffolding Course; Introduction to Rigging and Lifting (OPITO approved or equivalent) Course; Current/valid offshore medical suitable for geographical area of work; current/valid BOSIET certificate; Compliance with Company HSEQ Policy. Please see the job details here.123456Home	Corona Crewing	Services	Employers Area	Seafarers' Area	Privacy Policy	Contact Us	© 2014 CoronaCrewing. All rights reserved.We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more"
