"Senior Network Administrator | Annapolis Junction, MD | BAE SystemsYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.BAE SystemsSenior Network AdministratorAnnapolis Junction, MDBAE SystemsSenior Network AdministratorAnnapolis Junction, MDDate posted:Sep 16, 2020Job DescriptionLooking for an Exciting Career Move? It is Waiting for You at BAE Systems!At BAE Systems, we promote a strong, collaborative culture and provide our employees with the tools, skills and training they need to succeed. We are all about trust, camaraderie and a shared ambition to lead the world in defense technologies and national security services. We offer flexible work environment to support the balance in your life and keep you performing at your best. Be a part of a company that is part of the community; driven to improve our future and protect our freedom.We are seeking to hire a Network Administrator to support one of our longest ongoing contracts.Required Education, Experience, & SkillsCandidates shall have a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science (CS), Information Systems, or Network Engineering and at least five (5) years of demonstrable experience in network (LAN/WAN) configuration, monitoring, security, and protection.Or the individual shall have five (5) years of full time computer science work that can be substituted for the Bachelor' s degree and at least five (5) years of demonstrable experience in network (LAN/WAN) configuration, monitoring, security, and protection.TS SCI level clearance with the appropriate poly requiredIAT Level II Certification RequiredPreferred Education, Experience, & SkillsExperience with LinuxAbout BAE Systems Intelligence & SecurityBAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it's what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts - defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team-making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you'll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference.Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do-from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We're laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues.Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
