"will you partner world record jobs: 5th grade review-episode 1will you partner world record jobs. *9/8/18 paul oyer: fei-fei li : lei zhang 1/1/21 we have entered the most exciting decade to be alive- by 2030 we will likely know whether humans & tech wizards can save futureoflife- tech surveys indicate odds of accomplishing this greatest human mission would be lot less without spirit of a chinese american lady at stanford-...bonus challenge for those on road to glasgow cop2 nov2021: future 8 billion peoples want to value from 2021 rsvp chris.macrae@yahoo.co.ukGAMES of world record jobs involve*pack of cards: world record jobs creators eg fei-fe li ; fazle abed ...*six future histories before 2021 starts the decade of empowering youth to be the first sustainable generation.problem 99% of what people value connecting or doing to each otherhas changed (and accelerated in last three quarters of a century- while laws, culture and nature's diversity and health are rooted in real-world foundations that took mother earth 1945 years to build with -and that's only using the christian calendar1995 started our most recent quater of a century with 2 people in Seattle determined to change distribution of consumers' markets - the ideas of how of bezos and jack ma on what this would involve were completely different except that they changed the purpose of being online from education knowledge to buying & selling things -nb consuming up things is typically a zero-sum game or less if done unsustainable- whereas life-shaping knowhow multiplies value in use from 1970 to 1995 knowhow needed to end subsistence poverty of over a billion asian villagers was networked person to person by women with no access to electricity grids- their number 1 wrjc involved partnerships linked by fazle abed - borlaug's crop science was one of the big 5 action learnings -its person to person application saved a billion people from starvation; the first 185 years of the machie age started up bl glasgow university's smith an watt in 1760 had brought humans to the 2 world wars; when people from nearly 200 nations founded the united nations at san francisco opera house 1945 chances of species survival looked poor- miraculous;y one mathematician changed that before he died 12 years later- john von neumann's legacy was both the moon race and twin artificial intel labs - one facing pacific ocean out of stanford; the other facing the atlantic out of mit boston .. who are top job creating economists by practice - health -refugee sports green hong kong ..where are top tour guides around billionaire 1 2 around poverty,,, we the peoples ...Saturday, February 15, 20205th grade review-episode 1By 1945 two world wars demonsrated it was way past time to go beyond the mercantile and industrial eras of 1500-1945- while these had helped develop about a fifth of humans particularly in the G8 empires they had poverty trapped most of the human race - asians on their subcontinent, as well as peoples at the middle east landbridge to the 3 continents of the old world; africans...what happened next merits the curiosity of every child and teacheramericans invented 4 extraordinary technologies but didnt apply the 2 most urgently useful ones - better engineering DEMING, and food secure local agriculture BORLAUG- instead the japanese were trained in these knowhow networks and the good news they started sharing their win-wins across the far east island down to singapore and over to the nearest part of the continent south korea -read surveys in The Economist tracking this from 1962the other two technologies: space and satellites, digital computing were indeed continuing foci of americans but not we would argue in all the happiest ways anticipated by the father of programable computing von neumann (see our biography) who had died of cancer, or the america's presidential leader of 10000 youth can achieve a great goal like land on the moon : kennedy who was assassinated5th Grade Review :20.1 Brilliant the most important contributions to the world a rookie doctor can make20.2 Deming oders of magnitude higer quality engineering can invent what?20.3 Borlaug what innovation in agriculture could end a billion people from starvation20.4 Von Neumann father of programable computing 20,5 Moore his alumni commit to developing 100 times more analytic power every decade to 2020- that will be a trillion times moore than was needed to get to the moon20.6 Kennedy committed about 10000 young americans to one goal- win the moon race as a first giant leap into space/satellite age implemented by the russoan korolev and first imagined by science fiction writer a c clarke 20,7 Korolev 20.8 Clarke20.9 Keynes see last chapter of general theory to understand who rules over the future possibilities of a places next generation -and why system designers should take hippocratic oath to make their overarching goal : ending poverty20.10 Einstein 20.11 Gandhi 20.12 Montessori 20.13 Bell 20.14 Edison 20.15 Ford 20.16 Boeing 20.17 Bard Will Shakespeare 20.18 David Attenborough 20.19 J Ma 20.20 Akio Morita 20.21 Royal Families of Japan UK and Netherlands 20.22 Fazle Abed BRAC U 20.23 Unknown Barefoot Nurse 20.24 James Grant 20.25 Gates 20.26 MIT- Quadir family 20.27 Bard College : Botstein 20.28 Ban Ki-Moon 20.29 OSUN: George Soros 20.30 Craig Barrett . episode 3 -31 Schwarzman,,Open control menuBreaking News Trust Health Greatest ServantsChris Macrae on LinkedInPosted by chris macrae at 10:30 AMEmail ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to PinterestNo comments:Post a CommentNewer Post Older Post HomeSubscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)Follow by Email...........................................................NAD Macrae@myunuslababloombergalumnisat.com https://www.worldrecordjobs.com/search?q=pack2019 world futures alumni bloomberg69 membersx..............................................................................................................Moore MA NI AG GM IQ JB EM LKS JYK TBL XJ :: AC Dubai HK HO IH IM JI Jin&Jin JY Kag LW Mab MJI MS MY & MY NW OD Oli XL&TW PC PF PK PM QR RA-BBCN RF RLRP RZ SB SMoTaB ZM.........Bezos Leonsis Case 1776TBLSchwabRomano ProdiBBC green and anthroplogy attenbrough palinCsikementali % DruckerKissinger and 2 founders committee 100, NG Fei Fei LiGoogle’s SergioSorosEdmund phelpsArctic circle huge lands AIAlumni of Neville Williams jimmy carter ray andersonAnother quarter of world AiNilekaniAmma(CK Prahalad Alumni)Gandhi Montessori Family & KalamManmohan Singh and post 1990 and new dev bankQuadirs and Sal KhanQuatre of worlds AIJack MaPony Ma and LiOther top 30 chinese billionnaire of market purposeJin JIn Jinping (SCO, Rural Keynes) RenfeiMoon Jae In & Ban Ki MoonTian Wei and Kiu XinHuman Capital AIMasa-Son and Jerry YangJapan Emperor PrincePope Francis and Faith LeadersCharles Euro-RoyalsMahbubami and Lee Kuan YewCKGSBNordica’s LeadersGuterres Goals Economistefugee.comJim Yong Kim (Farmer Ophelia dahl mccormick)Jin and JinUnknown GirlNigeria healthKenya-Pakistan codingArts NY andBacheletEva VertesVivienne WestwoodCarolina KluftMoore electronic engineering (S Valley)Akio Morita (Electronic Engineering)Bullet Rail and Containerisationwe discuss our focus from 1970 here:eg 3 main areas inspired by moore : japan bay silicon valley boston region; as well as moore bottom guides from start fazle abed, paulo freire, kissinger, japan emperor and keiretsu, lee kuan yew deceased - see nus and aisingapore.org for current alumni, prince charles royal family, paul polak, larry brilliant, borlaug, schwab, kalam deceased, j-gandhi family lucknowfrom 80s maso son, gates berners lee, steve jobs linus torvaulds, soros . kim farmer dahl, steve case, yunus nilekani,from 90s yang bezos ma quadairs, various at mit media lab, essrly mobile pioneers include mo ibrahimRootsSir Fazle Abed and Mandela?FreireYunus and Yoko Ono & Jesse Jackson-King)CrickTo 1963 (what schwab calls IR1, IR2 – tipping point post industrial revolution)JFKVon Neuman and DemingRoosevelt Churchill Marshall EisnehowerEinstein Gandhi MontessoriWoodrow WilsnWatt and engines mechanical enginesFaraday Bell Electrical engineeruing eddisonHealth eg Fleming & Nightingale & Curie pasteurKeynesFordWilliam Le Baron JenneyWilson and Bagehpt and Queen VictoriaPhilip E. Thomas and George Brown (watt and Stevenson)JB SayFraknlin Jefferson WashingtonAdam SmithDa Vinci and Michelangelo and NewtonShakespeare yolstpyGuttenbe St Francis Marco Polo chu-yuan-changand buddharg.WRJ Tech Index place coop 19-20 Diary lessonsMahbubani... .To 4000+.. Singapore #BR1 all wujstainability world trade routes especially 0 1 2... urgent is progress on goodwill between korea japan and china- 2019 is year of biannual wise education laureates nov and paris warm-up february .can singapore help mediate understanding that sustainability depends on economic models which value the majoriyty of people (East and South Asia world trade routes), the majority of underused land cengtral and north asia including arctic circle, the AI smartest youth technologists..this is year 45 of the Economist mapping why Asia Pacific needs to be celebrated as world's number 1 markets for susatining worldwide youth-lee kuan yew appraised a young xi jinping (see his writings on out of poverty from 1988) as having the quality of servanjtg leadership of a mandela- Xi's franeworks for sustainable world trade are worth reviewing by anyone of good heart .mahbubani inherits le youan yew's mediation of this including singapore as world elading education u=system , equitable housing policies, and celebration of asean cultural diversity- singapore is the benchmark superport both because of ikts location and its trust in intergenerational development.. his trilogy of books on asean east and west leap through all fame geopolitical broadcasters- his roots in advising future educators are second to none in cultural harmony and demonstrable track record-eg he is major mentor to the education laureates of sheikha moza of qatar and her netowrks valuing gikrls and refugees - eg UNAI hub educationaboveallJack Ma... To 4000+... .#BR0 12 and www.. .19-20 see ma and 20 other luminaries of digitalcooperation and AIdemocracy report UN circulation from march 2019; nb maolympics.com and universityofstars celebrations climax ma's first student yera jack ma returns full time to edu and markets of celebrating yuouth and health- what are the 7 greatest wonders of livelihood education that jack ma can helpyouth's SDG world cooperate around..loveq , expos of arts etc celebrations every community can empower youth, back from future tech appd's to livelihood education leaps, rural and edu for kids or teachers not yet connected even as they face sustainability's greatest tests, missing peer to peer curricula including 4 esential l,anguages and girls p2p health care, sme-entreprenurial training wherever Belt Riads newly bridge youth's possibilities... .can alibabauni help china redesign girls education from early childhood to teen - main goal of Beijing Normal 2019? can jack ma's fintevch parterfship bkash with brac, mkit and bill gates, extend into edutech partebrfships for girls empowerment..how do the world's most optimistic youth valuation events eg ICAF on DC mall week before independence, wise aat qataar nov 2019 synchronise with jack's teas.Adam Smith & Maynard Keynes.. ..1. ..#Br5 and www. .writing nearly 200 years apart both smikth and keynes explained how education and economic systems could be designed to sustain or destroya place's future generations and communitues; Smith was writing about what he hoped to prevent- british colonisation as an extremely destrucive force on colonies e& e. ..keynes was analysing how the 2 world wars were the end of colonial empire economics but what would come next ....Mahatma Gandhi and Manmohan Singh.. 1 and to 100... #Br2 and 0,1,,7,3,... ..Gandhi's life of two halves is one of the most extrordiary innovation curriculum,Asw a teenager in the 1880s he decied there wasnt anything worth studying in the Mumbai region of India he had grown up in. He crowdfunded from his family to go study Barrister of Law at the British Empire's London Hq. Returning to India he was overqualified for work in India but found significant work for diaspora in South Africa. In 1906 when thrown off a south african train's first class carriage for having wrong color skin, his aha moment came. Its British law that is suppressing my peoples' economy- we need to work towards independence. Gandhi decided he needed to design a whole new vocational education system before taking Britain on head on. Montessori partnered him to help develoop prettens vilage education and he trialed agricultural schools in S Africa (Tolstoy Farm) before lhis last stay in Africa 2018? Probably enough iof Gabdhi's culture was planted to inspire Mandela 60 years later. Independence was won in 1948 but gandhi was assassinated and his dream of one indian subcontinent never fulfiled. About 3 years later Manmohan Singh whose family had survived the partitioning syarted studying economics at Cambridge Corpus Christ- Keynes had died but he was mentored by Kenynes may socialis disciple joan robinson. His thesis was how places could design systems so that there were no underclasses inside their nation or acroo their bodres neighbors. Mamnmohan Singh is most famous for helping liberate India's global economic policy from 1992. Would Gandhi be happy with how far peoples (quarter of the world's population) on Eurasia's south coastal belt have developed? ....Nilekani and Fazle Abed.. ... ... ... ...JB Say and British Royals from Victoria on... 1... .#BR5 and www.. The word entrepreneur is French and probably coined by JB Say. His cov=cern was having cut off the heads of the few who were monoplisising all productive assets.- how dio we design society and economy so the masses can thrive? And how do we prevent ever needing a civil war again. Other royals in Europe particularly Britain tried to learn from the French to save their heads. Queen Victoria's economists 19th century conversion from slave-making empire to commonwealth is worth studying here. First we draw attention to these words: Mam these things (trains) will alow the masses tomove around. It is trains that transform nations from rural to cities. Lets try and note 3 sorts of civil engineering communications challenges in one .Civil engineers need to connect at least3 changes in one: transport communications, knowledge communications. energy sources. Humanity's 6 main transportation systems- waterway by wind, over land by animal power, trains, cars and trucks, planes, space. Major knowledge communication changes: word of mouth and writing, printing press, telephone, radio... Major energy sources: windmills and watermills, coal, gas, gasoline, electricity, nuclear ---or natural including solar wind. It is probably true that until 1946 a nation's quality /valuation of civil engineering is driver of intergenerational growth- from 1946 we may blend its quality of electronic engineeringXi Jinping and Henry Kissinger... ..10 to 4000. @BR0, 1 and worldwide... .Between 1965 and 2025 China has gone through 1 civil revolution followed by 10 entrepreneurial revolution., As of 2019 we citizens of the world are highly fortunate to be able to learn from Kissinger as an outside in observer and Xi Jinping as insider who is trying to share his knowledge and trust with over 100 national leaders. For example what is it like when a fifth of the world people leap forward from no personal telecommunications in 1990 to an adequate system in 2000 and a world class one by 2008. Or what is it like when these peoplehave little overland transport in 1999 and the world's most extraordinary train system by 2019. We recommend that the half of the world aged under 30 celebrate the chinese courage. Their cultural revolution in the 1960s was caused by seeing up to a tenth of their population starve to death through lack of food security in rural areas. Remember this was a time when some other peoples were racing to the moon. It was time to come out to the world and its markets fir the first time in over 100 years- a traguic sacrifice the Chinese people had to make when the alternative was to accept the British idea of using opium as a currency to trade for china's highly siought after spices, silks and artistic pottery...China has half a billion under 30s to sustain. Thet value connectivity heroes (civil , electronic and all kinds of communications engineers). We would recommend Huawei as core of telephones infrastructure and rural to city knowledge sharing is more valued by chinese millennials than Apple is by American millennials. If so Trump and Trudeau are extremely foolish men - unless they make transparent any case against Ms Huawei immediately nations and worldwide youth who want to grow sustainably will never trust American justice systems againJIm Kim and Jack Ma... ..500 to 4000. ..worldwide. ..In september 2016, year 1 of the UN sdg's Jim Kim said: I have learnt from Jack Ma that every analysis we do at the world bank needs to be revisited- big data small is the cora measurement revolution needed if sustainability let alone ending poverty is to unite the world in time . .The way that the owners of the world bank went on to treat economist paul romer shows that Kim made a very wise decision. Instead of trying to appoint Jack Ma as an educational ambassador to the world bank, he found the most digitally cooperative networks in the UN to help Jack Ma and AntonionGutteres celebrate the future of youth and especially community-building girl empowerment..MIT's Quadir family and Jo Ito... ... ... ... ...Silicon valley's Jerry Yang and Fo Fo Fei... ... ... ... ...DC's Ted Leonsis and Axios... ... ... ... ....Monica Yunus & Audrey Cheng's Sing for Hope and Code for girls.. ... ... ... ...Yoko Ono & Berners Lee... ... ... ... ....Von Neumann & Einstein.. ... ... ... ...Deming & Borlaug... ... ... ... ....Gorbachev, Soros and Paul Farmer.. ... ... ... ...Montesorri and Paulo Freire... ... ... ... ...Pope Francis, St Francis 7 the Clares... ... ... ... ...Maharishi & Damo... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...... ... ... ... ...Xi Jinping1,9 ergov1,0 win-win world trade routes - jin,1,1 Beyond statesmenLee Kuan YewMahbubani Mandela Gandhi1.2 bottom up region dev action learn1.3 value chain sme/rural1,4 new uni1.5 olympics -new world stage committees -arts mrs jinpingc100 arch and cellist foundersGuterresunctaddigital coopituunga fin gapunga womenunai ammarefugee Fazle Abed3.9 1000 microfran3.8 10 times more affrdabler health3.7 er-world ngo partership3.o paulo freire livelihood edu-wise sheikha moza3.1 girls economies3.2 girls edu montessorri1.4.2 new uni=brac james grant school;3.3 girlsfin quadirssasia nilekani kalam j.gandhi m.singh Jack Ma4.9 ercorp pope francisPro-youth future designersAdam Smith (1758) value markets where everyone can see every transaction-that way goodwill reputations multiply value for all and low-trust players disappear - nb 200s update america's and EU's fintech led to subprime (elders punishing youth livelihoods), bangladesh and chiense fintech and ecommerce mobilised a happier futureAdam Smith (up to 1776) - advice to uk on advantage of nations- clearly the continent of usa can resource (exponentially sustain) a far larger economy than that of the british isles- stop trying to colonise USA, design win-win tradingLEGEND OF WRJC if we could assist youth sustain trade along every BRI (Belt Road Imagineer) mapBR0 chinaBR1 rest far east and asean and pacific south inc,kuding OZ and NZBR2 s asia including BangladwshBR3 russiaBR4 east euroBR5 west euroBR6 north americaBR7 stans and middle east and suez or gulf facingBR8 med sea facingBR9 africaBR10 latin americaBRUN Uniting NationsBRIC InterCity- InterCommunity (see goal 11 maps especially by UNHabitat's new leader former female mayor of Penang)see EconomistDiary.com for main annual meeting where hundreds of national leaders trust each other enough to discuss how to help youth win-win trade for sustainability of all of usxxxxx.SDGirls reasons to celebrate east's sustainability maps and q3 why not map how usa helped JKIII save worldChris Macrae on LinkedInWho is #1 world record job creator - JmA, XiJ, SirFazle, AnG, PopeF ... girlsChris Macrae on LinkedInWhat could alumni of Alibaba, BRAC, Collaboration NDI do to Sustainability's ABC?Chris Macrae on LinkedInGoal 4 Why did west ban students from studying what Economists knew about sustainabilityChris Macrae on LinkedInGoal 3 - is it possible to build 100 times less costly health services?Chris Macrae on LinkedIncan humanity's greatest goals unite nations? what 3 kinds of leaders can mediate the most win-win currenciesChris Macrae on LinkedInhelp co-create top 50 world record jobs briefings by 1 octoberChris Macrae on LinkedInsustainability's 17 sdg - what solutions do we know how to shareChris Macrae on LinkedIn..Extracts from Youth Sustainability’s most urgent Collaborations EconomistDiary.comTokyo OlympicsJuly 2020Type 2 markets –community build – health arts fashions green livelihood educationJack Ma Order Rising Sun Alumni EmbassiesBRI1.1BRI 2 Beijing May 2019From top down infrastructure to bottom up new sgd zones at borders and youth language etc celebrationsXi and 100 Leaders of top 100 sustainability nations- by BRI Map 1-11 – and nation clusters eg SCO and new banking partnerships- what most urgent to g185 that G7 didnt developMarch19 report at UN Digital Coop lead authors Ma , Gates…From fintech to edutech to every sme market and youth .livelihood tech- related livelihood report – world bank world development report 2019March 19Last submissions for UN report 2020 supercity and other leaguesNb who leads each region interest – UNH led out of korea but now by asian director general former mayor penang; large latin america secretariat a region with most examples of social mayors networks; china is case of fifth of world peoples with super collab cities well mapped – no other fifth of world population comes close- eu disbanded its knowledge cities eg barcelona rome circa 2005; states constitution blocks effective twin cities. New head of UNGA from Ecuador which also hosted 2017 goal 11 update summit and links to RosaliaLeonsis one model makes sense for usa and could combine amazon hq if comes to dc region; understanding eg which city network lead climate is one thing t track’ also which cities have new universities linked into both Alibaba global business school and Tsinghua (or other universities nearly free for training public servant leaders0Argentina G20 Nov 2018Shanghai N2018 import expoUNCTAD summit 22-26 Oct2016 genevaIndonesia Oct 2018 Eorld BankLatinAm at crossroad- missed chance of brazil showing hemispheres lead; will argentina miss chance of Franciscan lead; as trump forces mexico to superport with china which latin am nations will Road in with mexico? -see also supercity opportunities to influence unhabitat 2020 report deadline march 2019(nilekani has west lost it published)UNCTAD programWorld bank Indonesia summit builds on asean tpp harmony space- shows off billion dollar end slum project; publish livelihoods report ….Oct-1-6BRAC AND MA alumni meetInclude round up of all s asia events and debate is nilekani main target partner in india of brac and maSeptember UN start of weekStarts of SeptemberBRICS summit south africaIYLA at world bank 10 AugustLast year:PANEL ON SOCIAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP AT THE WORLD BANKThe Youth to Youth (Y2Y) community is a network of employees from the World Bank Group that brings innovative ideas and perspectives into the WBG operations by engaging, inspiring, and empowering youth in development. At the World Bank Board Room, IYLA delegates learn about the history of the World Bank and interact with senior WBG employees on a panel focused on social entrepreneurship.GLOBAL YOUTH SUMMIT AT THE WORLD BANKThe Global Youth Summit at the World Bank is a one-day summit held in the Preston Auditorium that brings together hundreds of passionate young leaders from all over the world residing in the nearby community. The Summit features interactive panel discussions with influential leaders in entrepreneurship and service, networking opportunities, and a workshop centered around the 2030 UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).world record jobs creators (WRJC) top 5Sir Fazle Abed Jack MaXi JinpingBenchmark sustainability trade with 100 nationsAntonio Guterres - Relaunch UN Pop1 Pope Francis up to 1500 Franciscans were Europe's main belt road explorers- they planted clare health and nature networks wherever they could.Their branch of cathololism believed that the greatestest profesisonal world offered servant leaderhsip \"Preferential Option Poorest\". They helped ,ake med sea facing nations the happiest of coastal belts - the exact opposite of today where the med sea is awash with refugees. To Fraciscans the Silk Road isnt just Marco Pole's tour where East meets West its the benchmark for every interbational missionF1 consequences of poorest village girls building world's first bottom-up network for disasetr relief, development, resilience, safety from broken old aid to youth can yg1 M1 be first to e-commerce for smes and own mobile fimancefor the smallest big data can map X1 BRI.school every continent's maps of win-win trade for the peoples- coastal BELTS superports, ROADS (grid across continent supoerrails, green energy/water pipes, digital cables), biannual summit beijing next May 2018 -see EconomistDiary.com U1 17 sdgs access 300 trillion dollars of most liquid assets eg june 2018 summit convened by head of unga 2017-2018 Tme decade of the moon landing stimulated many continent-wide deabtes on future missions possible. Latin americans clarified franciscans were the ideol0gy they most wanted- paule friere translated that into community learning greatest model- adapted by bangaldeshi muslim brac-and in essnce all girl empowerment movements that we can search - from 1970sF2 type 2 education - livelihood for all -when everyone in community is teacher and learner of life saving shills M2 EWTP Ma spent much of 2016 helping citizens plant SME solutions at China G20- first to celebrate UN's relaunch round 17 SDGs- EWTP platforms worldwide small enterprsies so they are freed from trade disputes of big industryX2 smart sister cities - citys as labs ofr repliocable social solutions all citiznes needs ti be fuffiled;china internal belt road already organised like that - every time an international belt road bridges 2 nations- celebrate youth on both sides of borsder- best internation support eg jim kim on smart citioes and health services - china clarifies which market purspoes are critical socialy to youth's dreams- also elders dependent on youth's livelihoods not so much governent security netsU2 preferential solutions at borders for refugees 3 worldwide sustainability investment netorks now led by Fransciacana are BRAC. World Bank and relaunch of UN by Antonio Guterres. During jim kim's first year he visited pope francis and started a cultutral cooperation agreementF3 Mothers -be your own last mile health service- 100 times more economical foundations than western health ever conceived- better yet design new economic models of socaial business and give directly through big data small - yg4 from expensive experts to local sufficency M3 society's most life critiical markets could be happiest ones- celebrate communities expo for all MAolympics.com: 18 korea 20 Tokyo 22 Beijing 24 Paris linkin to world peace dividends series of youth as sustainability generation EconomistDiary.com X3 projects from new development banking or other tgrasformatuon ns of finance- fintech, blockchain , 300 tn dolar access U3 Digital cooperation panel led by jack ma and melnda gates- first report March 2019 - before BRI 2 Beijing May 2019 rome is the epiecentre of peace, green and cultural networks - the latter will soon have a non-religious hopme too- a new underground colliseum is being excavated to house thisF4 be the bottom bilions financial service (at brac as social busienss microfranchises replaced aid, brac also became the finacier of the microfrachisee)brac also made sure it matched every need so - as second generation grameen gorld moves to the cities- brac bank was opened - back in the vilages the ultra poorest were given a resource so that they cpould gradiate into microifiace +; brac's loverall maret leadership of agricultoral marjets such as polutry, and dairy led into mercant finaance ..M4 partner gorls in banking for 2 billion unbanked- and understand the purpose they design into digitising every marketX4 learning specific urgent issues with 15 neighbors- invisible hand of neighors relations- nlote qadrants: what s asia most wants win-win dev with different from stans of west chima - different from russia and polar belt- different from peace with kreas and japan- diferent with asean... note aslo where neighnors start worldwide route- ge experiment with pakistan gwadar port through guld suez- both to med and to east africa at djibouti.. also cluseters of 5 nations - eg biggest developing nations ( by population, kand size, or financial growth) each clisetr ha rent need than eg G7 U4 Unctad with jack ma mentoring UN choice of tech wizards by deve,oping country althopugh the boder troubles bteew latin america and usa have never let latin america develop franscican belt road infrastructure- its now got as many colabiration cities patticipating in unhabotal goals newtorks as anywhere- and it should be surprising that almopst evry latin amerucan leader bow apears to have positive tarding reletaionship with china's xi jinping - and contribute to many of the wprldwide summits- seeing what argentina g20 can do could be the highlight of 2018's sustainability goals alumniF5 Be your own farmers markets- thank crop scientists who design value chains of agriculture and water so that vilages are food and dring secure sdg 2 - celebrate partnershops with those bring transparency to face thai medical world's greatest experts don't have the reach to stop stunting during forst 1000 days- only communities of mothers/parnets can M5 DAMO - invest everything you can on R&D of HUMANtech's next 7 years (back from future of Industrial Revolution 4) - AI etc - so that it empowers girls livelihoods-value new openess of universal mobile connectivity end professioanl monopolies/silos : respect nature's pattern : not just outside the box but there is no box x5 50 thinktanks for mother earth space race- up to 1000 brains not siloised but in even greater race than when americans sole goal was to get to the moon- china wants to be benchmark eco civilisation by 2050- and to end poverty by 2020- happy to share solutions it finds- sustaionanility goals are collaboration levelihood solutions at community levels - china is digitalising market sectirs around smes and inc,lusive value chaions- dieferent hostiry of asset pwnership - race tp million startups in 2017- 10 yera later mobilisation lof web round smart phnes- education for livelihood seen as main transfromational chalenge of xi's period of eladership- diferet dynamic of what ;pjublic demands- and diferent big bussiness club of what purspoe can we giuve back to china- jack ma's spirit with digital is connected in entrepreneur club of 20 other market elacders; the goal of mapping back indistrial 4 the new technolgies to 2025 is policy-jobs driven not eg wall street profireering driven- oveerall model of pepople=-centgric economy different (role U5 UNhabitat- ubanising cities- benchmarks ... if you ;isten to lech walesa's experoence he says that he wouldnt have had teh courage or the momentum to make hos dochers sacrifice their livelihoods without pope john paul- dgdansk was a port 85% traing with russia- it only needs a little carefil reflection of eastern euruea's groupraphy (lot of lnd locked nations) to see that the german dominated eu hasnt advanced livelihhods in east europe with the exception of its own unification - ists so heavily dependent on russia for energy that it was never going to support Ukraine; romano prodi's life experience is very interestking- as italain tarnslator of entrepreeurial revolution in 1976 when he ;progressed top ehad the eu he says the timing was dramatic- just when the eu could have been helping africa all the funds went to reunification of gemeny- veruy natural with teh fall of the wall but sinece becomeing the one geate eiro sur[lus nation germany hasnt given bank- all eu nations with a med sea belt will never catch up whike the euro is theere for genarny to get ever strongerF6 Mobilise to own every innovation linkedin to banking for the poorest; brac stayed national in bagladesh to 1990s; took time ton open a university- when tech made it relevant to go international it made sure it linked in relittance services, and kept goodwill of both public and private partners that revolutionary opportunity in fintech demands and be first to finacial Digital leapfrog - Why not be first to designing girls sdgs economic zones M6 Ma is launching alibaba global business school with UNCTAD whose leadership team is choosing youth Ma mentors in developing countries- notably big data small wizards, or others taking livehihood education beyone emotial intelliegence to Loveq -more alibabauni.com X6 servant leaders g,lobal university of end p;overty -only need one university the best for students of sustainability geenration - youth frekdnship exchnages - edutech solutions- missing curricula on deman mooced- hostiory of tsinghua university in privatisation's purpose, and in connecting alumni of party as it aims to servant lead U6 turn summit chat into action learning network solutions -where china offers process for doing it celebrate that (eg china ce;ebrated neing foirst g20 integrated all citizen grouos in year long knowledge exchnages - also 6 plus 1; turn media in to investigators of what countries need to ersolve next you might say that farbsciacnas put bottom-up community buoding before all else excpet their cheerful god and chinese put community building cinfucain way before everything else than the chiense dream- since the chiense dream is to be a bencmark for a people-centric eco-civilidatioin of the 21st C, all youth can gain from frinding chia's sharing of sustainability solutionsF7 largest ngo of partnjers- Connect girl's world most collaborative partners as long as always anchored to empowerimg poorest girls ie goal 17 is not PPP but PGP M7 open space parnerships on earth .3% of all alibaba revenue - this years newest opportunity head of unhabitat arrived in kenya from prior job as mayor of penang- goal 11,12 shared with Paris UNESCO Nb greening communities is a lead example of Ma's life experience that education must go outside classroom if half of youth employable and millennials to be the S-gen. x7 since 1988 xi's own work search rural mkicrofrancises for replication - out of poverty- parall r fazle abeds but with diferent ytupe of poverty - in chian poverty is remotte rural; in bangladesh rual poverty meand eg no electricity bjut overcrowded; balanced by mrs jinping own passion as celebrity giving back to womens and other community causes U7 turn UN bottom up - what g188 needs not just bretton woods g7 needs - sdg eminent advisers the paradox lof world war 2 is that it was the gteatest gift by amrica tthe world may ever see; but equally world war 2 should have seen that it also was the turing point in to colnial age wof word trade designed around the g7 getting bbbiger and bigger- today the g7 reprsentas abiuyt 105 of people; the g188 repersents anout 90%; therse will need to be a lot of good faith mediation of new dvelopment banking- in ost cases the investment the g188 re much more aligned with teh sustainability goals than the way the g7 runs the economy- one of the most interesting forum is the g6 plus 1 with fransciscans celebrating more and mlore of the demonstartion projects that China has provided through aiib - eg end slums in indinesia; acroo eurasia eg the china express now connecting 28 countries; with guterres praising chiense summist where action network siu-=olutions emerg (cf what nY UN chata about the Chinese pilot for action)Health18.1QuarterBillionGirls seeks to improve livelihoods and sustainability goalsof Bangladesh women aged 10-30 continuing the miracles of women lift up half the sky that china and bnagladesh since 1972 have connectedinvestors. Xi Jinping .Sir Fazle Abed .Jin Liquin .Trudeau . . . . . ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................culture entrepreneurs. .Peng Liyuan .Pope Francis .JoJo .Liu Xin .Tian Wei . . . . .edutech and fintech J.Ma. .Fu .Quadirs .Bridges Intl . . . . . .next summit search c100 silicon valley.cheninstitute& shanda group. .Jin Liqun, .Ken Xie - Fortinet, Stanford .Gang Fan Peking U vid NERI, China Reform . LInda tsao yang corportae gove a hk- west coast chair. David Lampton sais hop; chiar asia foundatin. .Henry Wang CCG thinktank .youth's educators, mapmakers and storytellers..A Cheng .Y Chen .Jin Keyu .Q Chen . . . . . .checklists of purposeful markets that create jobs 1 health 2 education 3 financeblockchain ewtp 1belt1road environproject g20connects wise21connetssCelebrate with China that half a billion youth (under 30s) need to create the bestlivelihoods hard working families have ever achieved in the history of the human raceBest because most elders have no social safety net other than the livelihood of their (often) one childBest because investing now in an open learning economy of sustainable services can peacefully support 8 billion human beings; that cannot be claimed of perpetuating the industrial revolution paradigm of consuming more and more things made from non-renewable resources and by power games in which more and more was extracted from villagers who already had the leastBest because sustainable services need replicating across communities worldwide - networking knowhow and beaming up solar can be a win-win in very way that causing scarcities and drowning in carbon cannotMore on what to job create first with jack ma and xi jinping here China's next half billion jobs will win-win with youth everywhere================However while China's exponential rising from start of Q4 of C20 is the biggest miracle of job creation ever to be studied, the deepest miracle of co-creating sustainability solutions is found in Bangladesh. China had an exceptional advantage- the richest Diaspora ever ready to inwardly invest Bangladehs was born as a new nation in 1971 with no money and almost no infrastructure. How do you develop health service, education, financial inclusion from nothing. That can be studied here jobs supervillages Sir Fazle Abed BRAC.net bkash.comWRJC by value chainlast mile health care Brac & Jim Kim: Paul Farmer; Larry Brilliant; laena wen; james grant deeased (see brac u janes grant scool of public health); adolesecnt health george patton; health issues ira hefland (paul nurse), historical impacts - the clrares of st francis para-lawyer in community - property rights designed to prevent outsiders waste or speciulation own community marketplaces animated for & by poorest ownership of mobile media and mass channelsrice sceinec brac, china nippon - (borlaug)infants milk and veggetable markets in village : para-nurse and pharmacy investment portfolio of poor youth mediating public, private partnerships- as well as future of egovclean agriculture credit & savings basic in village: primary educator knowledge hubs for poorestclean energy water secondary scholarships loans for village children to universitysearch for 10 western stars wort celebraing - tragically since 1972 the west's most famous people have geerally become less and less worth being an alumnni of: exception grateful dead's john perry barlow parted feb 2018- who would you vote for as west's top 10 stars worth being alumni ofPARADOX 1 OF KEEPING SPACE OPEN TO LEAPFROG THROUGH INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION 1 TO 4Tim Berners Lee didnt just found the worldwideweb. He kept net neutrally open for all while others became digital billionnaires. Fortunately his base MIT attracted an ecosystem of extraordinary experiments that kept value multiplying openness (IR2 www), (IR3 text mobile in poorest vilages) to IR4 the emergence of smart phones at the same time that western paper currencies collapsed and need replacing by blockchains. Take a tour within the square mile of MIT's Kendall Street station (tour to come)Meanwhile the open space technology's invention in 1984 had kept the tao of brainstorming across up to 50000 people live better at system transforming innovation than any virtual network alone couldPARADOX 2 THOSE WHO DARED BET BILLION DOLLAR FUNDS AT TIPPING POINTSTipping Point (or leapfrog) breakthroughs involve the biggest bets against old science/systems. Biggest not always in money but certainly in reputation to overturn conventional wisdom. George Soros is the billionnaire investors and bottom-up economist who has bet his own money on more tipping points than anyone else. Since 2012 Jim Kim has become the only world banker ever to have practised in cultures of Preferential Option Poor for over a quarter of a century more to comePARADOX 3TEACHER UNIONS WILL HATE YOU IF YOU ROCK EDUCATIONThe Gandhi School in Lucknow gets round teacher's fear of change by being the largest school in the world let alone its city. When 5000 children and 100000 parents applaud you, staying ahead of change feels worthwhileShannon May is at the front of the wave of distributing learning courses for many of Africa's poorest teachers and children alike to try. Its not easy work but when a white woman is recognised for taking her Harvard brainpower to practising in a village school in China before scaling across rural Africa, Shannon has the Loveq to keep the movement going. More to comeTo play game 2 of WJRC choose a time period and edit how its spends on global village communications info technology impacted millennials as humanity raced to spend 4000 times more on GVCIT 2030now vs 1946:7 years ending 2030, 2023, 2016, 2009, 2002, 1995, 1988, 1981, or 28 years ending 1974-mathematically doubling spends each 7 years means we were on 16 times multiplier by 1974 ; 4096 times multiplier by 2030To rehearse game 1 of world record job creation searchers try clicking through this \"Fan\" Mapthen if it doesnt klead you to enough future jobs tell us what would you change rsvp isabella@unacknowledgedgiant.com1F JKim*FAbed*MYunus*GSoros2A Ma-Lee*NSamara*TBlecher*JGandhi3N W4E*AsiaM*AfricaM*AmericasMMapmakers of world record job creation are recommended to benchmark around a thinkpad of 3 rows and 4 columns. After 40 years of dialogues started in The Economist, we prefer to start our search with this 3d process:1F who (4 people or alumni networks) has invented or invested in most of 30000 life critical microFranchises2A who's most impacting internet as open\\Action learning media not an ads and lobbyist channel3N where are Nets empowering millennial youth and women of each hemisphere be safe to practice the transformation needed bottom-up if global is to be sustainable with natures and einsteins rules of system designfor example try clicking this map and then if it doesnt klead you to enough future jobs tell us what would you change1F JKim*FAbed*MYunus*GSoros2A Ma-Lee*NSamara*TBlecher*JGandhi3N W4E*AsiaM*AfricaM*AmericasMwhy we use 12-space gridAfter Norman Macrae had spent 40 years ending futures of millennials jobs at The Economist, he helped me (son Chris Macrae) develop a thinkpad for the word's largest corporate decision makers- were they designing a system whose purpose the world would uniquely miss if it did not exist- we used a 3-row 4 column masterquiz grid- see the Economist Intelligence Unit Book Brand Chartering by Chris MacraeNorman believed that 12 dimensions were already just beyond the maximum number of interaction any leader could attend to ; however the 3 rows provided a primary 3 dimensional structurexIf many people are meeting each other for the first time- including a new class at school - we recommend spending the first 3 minutes: ask people to stand up in groups of three- each person spends 60 seconds on the greatest life changing moment in her life to date and what she did differently because of it. Q&A- 1) why's this smart way spending 3 minutes introducing people? 2) how to action debrief everyone? 3) what other tools exist for innovating simultaneous communications among masses of people? 4) Does our species future generation depend on experiencing such culturally simple and trustworthy ways to spend time communicating? Lets consider 4 firstALUMNI OF WORLDCLASSBRANDS: In 1980 we started a True Media debate at The Economist \"Year of Brand\" on why human sustainability would depend on intangibles valuation and globalisation designing greatest brand leaders aligned to goals of sustaining generations -evidence had been collected with MIT's first database software of society's needs in 50 nations and thousands of marketsas our 2025 Report (first translated 1984) showed the transition from pure knowledge www to commerce would be crucial- all the dismal errors that had been made with mass media tv might have one last chance of correction-we invite you to check out how well did the world's biggest new market makers eg bezos and ma understand this tipping point - twitter version of 2025 report related ref-download 10 minute audio invitation to make 2020s most loving decade ever from family foundation Norman Macrae- The Economist's Unacknowledged Giant you can select contents for hosting debates on entrepreneurial revolution, youth friendships across borders or download the whole of the 2025 report hereBreaking news- 2 most valuable higher education searches- 1) what are www youth ambassadors for sdgs? what is AI for valuetrue market purpose?how'd you like to search WRJ blog by value chains eg vc1 money vc2 AI & human tech vc3 health vc4 arts and communities happy stuff including olympics vc5 girls safety vc6 education for livelihoods vc7 food as nutrition security & diversity vc8 infrastructure for win-win trade maps vc9 true mediabreaking the last empire : americans need to vote now are they separate and superior speciesn OR are they like the rest of the 8 billion of us? new summer 2019 : drucker ::::60 years ago dad, norman macrae, started the first of 100 conversations on AI (Artificial Intelligence), He had just surveyed how Japan was rising (lifting potentially Asians everywhere out of colonial era poverty) round brilliant engineers (bullet trains, container superports , microelectronics, the most reliable engines in the world) - from tokyo he brought back a pocket calculator- what would schools and the world be like if everyone had one of these?Within a few years the world was debating if tech helps man reach the moon is there any mission impossible on earth.5G 2020s (4 3 2) 1 G 1970sAnd Gordon Moore of Intel had just written a paper promising that microelectronic engineers would improve tech 100 fold every G decade to 2020s -that's a trillion fold more powerful microchips in 2030 than man raced to the moon with. So who's knowledge should teachers and everyone linkin to now if millennials are to be the first sustainability generations and THE UN 17 sdgs are to be celebrated as possible wherever the next girl is born. We welcome your nominations: here are a few examples back from the future of 2030 followed by an approximate chronological order. If in doubt as to whether we know your favorite WRJC please search this blog and mail us chris.macrae@yahoo.co.uk if we have left someone outAbout Mechris macraeblog on how will your life change world with global communications youtube washington dc 1 301 881 1655 email chris.macrae@yahoo.co.uk linkedin 9500 skype chrismacraedc home of the 64 trillion dollar colaboration map , of the 7 curriculum millions of youth most need at free online university to sustain net generation's next 3 billion jobs and end poverty goals - a project of Norman Macrae Foundation- The Economist's Pro-Youth Economist and faciliator of net generation's Entrepreneurial Revolution dialogues since 1972View my complete profileBlog Archive► 2021 (4)► January (4)▼ 2020 (56)► December (2)► November (1)► September (5)► August (3)► July (5)► June (1)► May (2)► April (7)► March (11)▼ February (4)5th grade review-episode 1my brilliant health servant heroes - 60 years of l...einstein + keynes smith wattfazle abed► January (15)► 2019 (118)► December (13)► November (13)► October (10)► September (6)► August (15)► July (19)► June (14)► May (5)► April (4)► March (3)► February (8)► January (8)► 2018 (68)► December (7)► November (7)► October (19)► September (10)► August (5)► July (7)► June (3)► May (5)► April (2)► March (1)► February (1)► January (1)► 2017 (7)► December (2)► November (3)► July (1)► January (1)► 2016 (7)► December (3)► August (2)► July (1)► May (1)► 2015 (9)► December (2)► November (1)► September (1)► June (1)► May (2)► April (1)► March (1)► 2014 (1)► February (1)► 2012 (3)► December (1)► November (1)► May (1)► 2011 (3)► December (3)► 2010 (2)► December (1)► January (1)► 2009 (1)► May (1)► 2008 (3)► December (3)► 2007 (1)► December (1)► 2002 (1)► December (1)► 2001 (2)► December (1)► September (1)► 2000 (2)► January (2)► 1999 (14)► December (12)► October (2)► 1997 (1)► December (1)► 1991 (1)► December (1)► 1989 (2)► December (1)► June (1)► 1988 (3)► December (3)► 1985 (2)► December (1)► November (1)► 1984 (5)► December (3)► November (1)► January (1)► 1983 (6)► December (5)► October (1)► 1981 (7)► December (7)► 1979 (6)► December (6)► 1977 (1)► December (1)► 1976 (1)► December (1)► 1972 (1)► December (1)► 1971 (3)► December (1)► March (1)► January (1)► 1970 (19)► December (4)► November (1)► October (2)► September (1)► August (3)► April (3)► March (1)► February (1)► January (3)Simple theme. Powered by Blogger."
