"SC Works Jobs - MUHA AB19 - ATC Systems Application Specialist in Charleston, South Carolina, United StatesSC Works JobsContact UsSign In to SC WorksSC WorksWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (30,632)Job InformationMedical University of South Carolina MUHA AB19 - ATC Systems Application Specialist in Charleston, South CarolinaEntity/Organization: MUHA (Medical University Hospital Authority/Medical Center)Hours per week: 40Scheduled Work Hours/Shift: M-F 3 pm - 11:30 pmFair Labor Standards Act Status: HourlyJob Summary/Purpose : The Admit Transfer Center (ATC) Systems Application Specialist reports to the Manager for the Admit Transfer Center. Under limited supervision, the Admit Transfer Center Systems Application Specialist coordinates the functions of the electronic patient placement system and ensures and monitors bed availability by maintaining records via on-line computer systems concerning patient’s admissions, transfers, and discharges. This position functions as the super user and trainer for all departmental systems. This role assists management with Telehealth initiatives for the Admit Transfer Center.Minimum Training and Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college/university in health information, business management or related field and two years of relevant work experience; or a high school diploma or equivalent (GED) and four years of experience in health care or a business related field required. Previous experience with information systems, preferably in a healthcare environment required. Excellent communication skills required; must be able to communicate effectively with patients/families, physicians, employees, and third party payors. Knowledge of interpreting and applying financial procedures and regulations preferred.Physical Requirements: Ability to perform job functions while standing. (Continuous) Ability to perform job functions while sitting. (Frequent) Ability to perform job functions while walking. (Frequent) Ability to climb stairs. (Infrequent) Ability to work indoors. (Continuous) Ability to work outside in temperature extremes. (Continuous) Ability to work from elevated areas. (Infrequent) Ability to work in confined/cramped spaces. (Infrequent) Ability to perform job functions from kneeling positions. (Infrequent) Ability to bend at the waist. (Frequent) Ability to twist at the waist. (Frequent) Ability to squat and perform job functions. (Frequent) Ability to perform “pinching” operations. (Frequent) Ability to fully use both hands/arms. (Continuous) Ability to perform repetitive motions with hands/wrist/elbows and shoulders. (Continuous) Ability to fully use both legs. (Continuous) Ability to use lower extremities for balance and coordination. (Frequent) Ability to reach in all directions. (Continuous) Possess good finger dexterity. (Continuous) Ability to maintain tactile sensory functions. (Continuous) Ability to maintain good olfactory sensory function. (Continuous) Ability to lift/carry 50 lbs. unassisted. (Infrequent) Ability to lift/carry patients to 350 lbs. assisted. (Frequent) Ability to exert up to 50 lbs. of force. (Frequent) Examples include: To transfer a 100 lb. patient that can not assist in the transfer requires 50 lbs. of force. For every 100 additional pounds, assistance will be required from another healthcare worker. 20 lbs. of force is needed to push a 400 lb. patient in a wheelchair on carpet. 25 lbs. of force is required to push a stretcher with a patient with one hand. Ability to lift/lower objects 50 lbs. from/to floor from/ 36 inches unassisted. (Infrequent) Ability to lift from 36\" to overhead 25 lbs. (Infrequent) Ability to maintain 20/40 vision, corrected, in one eye or with both eyes. (Continuous) Ability to see and recognize objects close at hand or at a distance. (Continuous) Ability to match or discriminate between colors. (Continuous) Ability to determine distance/relationship between objects; depth perception. (Continuous) Good peripheral vision capabilities. (Continuous) Ability to maintain hearing acuity, with correction. (Continuous) Ability to perform gross motor functions with frequent fine motor movements. (Continuous) Ability to effectively communicate orally over telephone and two way radio. (Continuous) Ability to deal effectively with stressful situations. (Continuous) Ability to work rotating shifts. (Frequent) Ability to work overtime as required. (Frequent) Ability to work in a latex safe environment. (Continuous) Ability to be qualified physically for respirator use, initially and as required. (Continuous)Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaMUHA AB19 - ATC Systems Applicat...CharlestonSouth CarolinaClear AllSC Department of Employment and Workforce Web SiteCredit Protection Service for SC TaxpayersUpcoming Job Fair InformationAn Equal Opportunity Employer/Program. Auxiliary aids andservices available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Legal | Privacy Statement | Disclaimer"
