"Lilly Jobs - Medical Science Liaison Oncology (Breast focus)- New England in Boston, Massachusetts, United StatesWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy.AcceptLilly JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (662)Job InformationLilly Medical Science Liaison Oncology (Breast focus)- New England in Boston, MassachusettsAt Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.Medical Science Liaison, Oncology (Breast Focus) – New EnglandOrganization Overview:At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.Responsibilities :Scientific Experts (SEs) have special needs for in-depth and cutting edge information, because these health care professionals design and implement novel research and educate colleagues and students. The Medical Science Liaison (MSL) program is specifically designed to meet these needs through a field-based group of medical professionals with deep content knowledge about Lilly and competitor products and current issues in the oncology therapeutic areas they represent, which would primarily include our Breast portfolio. The MSL also gathers feedback and insights from SEs, to better inform Lilly’s research and potentially influence overall strategic direction of the company. By providing answers that matter and facilitating scientific exchange between industry and the academic community, the MSL’s have the opportunity to shape the future of healthcare with needed information that addresses important clinical and scientific questionsDevelop mutually beneficial relationships with external clients and internal business partnersThe MSL will spend between 70-80% of their time devoted to developing relationships and interfacing with external clients –SEs/educators/investigators- within a defined geography. The MSL will serve as the major representatives of Lilly for these health care professionals, providing deep and advanced disease state and product information as well as facilitating the work of the SE when it aligns with Lilly's mission. An important aspect of this work will be to connect the SE with other Lilly resources (e.g., Outcomes Research, Discovery, Scientists, Clinical Research Physicians,) whenever appropriate. The MSL will be the primary point person liaising between Lilly resources or internal business partners (e.g., Clinical Research Physicians, Medical Information Associates, Corporate Medical teams). They will also report clinical insights and unanswered customer questions they have received from external SEs to the medical and brand teamsUnderstand and effectively communicate current scientific knowledgeThe MSL will be required to maintain their technical expertise within a therapeutic area to engage in deep scientific discussions with SEs. The MSL will be expected to engage in continuous learning within the therapeutic area they represent (Breast). They will attend appropriate scientific meetings, conduct routine literature searches, and will be expected to communicate regularly with each other to assure that the entire group benefits from individual learning whenever it is relevant. As a result, the MSL will establish themselves as a reliable, trusted, resource of accurate, up-to-date, medical and scientific knowledge requested and desired by their clients. They will respond in a timely way to personal or electronic inquiries with any available information which may include reprints or posters, medical letters, literature citations, access to internal and external experts, slides and other teaching-related materialEffectively manage administrative activitiesThe MSL job entails not only scientific and customer expertise, but also requires the ability to understand and effectively utilize approved resources to fulfill administrative, procedural, and legal requirements in order to address the customer needs. These activities may include proficiency in computer skills and database entry (VEEVA, LillyNet, S5, Microsoft Office, Ovid,), continual compliance of all procedural requirements of the role (i.e. good documentation practices, standards and procedures,) and appropriate utilization and best practice sharing of available resourcesTerritory covers – New England (CT, MA, NH, VT, ME) with a primary focus on multiple academic institutions.Basic Qualifications :Advanced degree in health sciences (PharmD, M.D., Ph.D. in a medically related field) requiredMasters or Bachelors level degree in health sciences (e.g. RN, RPh, PA, Certified Diabetes Educator, NP, etc.) considered if 5 or more years clinical and/or medical information experience in oncology therapeutic area is present.Valid driver's license and acceptable driving record is requiredAdditional Skills/Preferences :Oncology therapeutic area experience in the Breast space is strongly preferred.Intellectual curiosity and intelligence about the field of science/medicine for which they are responsible.Highly motivated and capable of comprehending large amounts of scientific content which is then communicated in a clear, concise fashion.Significant direct experience in servicing customer needs for complex information.Demonstrated ability to work with often demanding or difficult clients.Significant experience and success in self-managing priorities and multi-tasking projects.Strong teamwork/interpersonal skills.Advanced presentation and computer skills with expertise in literature identification and evaluation.Significant experience in professional networking with positive mutually beneficial outcomes.Experience in field-based environments highly valued.Familiarity with the academic community and the medical research and medical education process highly valued.Effective verbal and written communication skills.Strong interpersonal skills, including capability to engage in professional relationship building and networking.Position requires ability to travel overnight of up to 40%, as well as work 4 to 6 weekends per year.Employee ideally should be geographically located in or close to Boston with access to large hub airport.Additional Information :The position is field-based with roughly 40% required overnight travel to manage assigned geography. Ability to use field-based electronic or other communication tools for all aspects of job is critical.Preference will be given to those applicants with cancer oncology clinical experience, including physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, and pharmacists with experience working with patients in a hospital or outpatient clinical setting.Travel Percentage : 40% overnight travelEli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively “Lilly”) are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( LillyRecruitingCompliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.At Lilly we strive to ensure our employees are part of a team that cares about them and our shared purpose of making life better for those around the world. How do we do this? We continue to look for ways to include, innovate, accelerate and deliver while maintaining integrity, excellence and respect for people.​ We hope that you seek to join us on our journey as we create medicine and deliver improved outcomes for patients across the globe!#WeAreLillyApply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaMedical Science Liaison Oncology...BostonMassachusettsClear AllEOE including Disability/Protected VeteransFor information on requesting a reasonable accommodation in the application process, visit the Company career page.Powered By"
