"Store Shift Supervisor in Defiance, Ohio | Careers at 0186 Defiance OHPlease Enable Cookies to ContinuePlease enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.Welcome page Welcome pageReturning Candidate?Log back in!Store Shift SupervisorJob Locations US-OH-DefianceCategoryStore ManagementTypePart-TimeLocation : Address1524 N Clinton StOverviewDo 4-pawed friends make you smile? Do you enjoy cool pet products that make tails wag? So do we! If you’re a paws-on leader of the pack who believes any dog can learn new tricks, then come work in our neighborhood!Responsibilities/QualificationsAs Store Shift Supervisor at Pet Supplies Plus, you’re pawsitively passionate about people and their pets. Providing exceptional, neighborly service at every opportunity during your work day, you will:assist a neighbor in choosing the perfect toy for a lab who loves to fetchstop to greet weekly regular Bruno the Chihuahua when he comes in with his human momshow a fourth grader how to test the water in his fish tankset an example for the other team members in delivering fantastic neighborly serviceassist the store’s team leaders by reinforcing the daily operational procedures and performance expectation…all while engaging with PSP neighbors and smiling in the face of puppy breath. Are you awesome? No, you are more than that. You are PAWsome!Shift Supervisor key responsibilities include:Partnering with store team leaders to learn and reinforce the PSP standards and daily management routines that make your store the favorite pet store in the neighborhood.Providing leadership coverage and covers management functions up to four times a week when team leaders are offsite.Adhering to operational policies and procedures (cleanliness, animal care, safety and security) that ensure exceptional service is provided to our neighbors.Learning and performing back office procedures – like making signs, updating price changes, and imputing cashier records – to comply with standards and expectations.Involvement in store recruiting, onboarding and team member development.Communicating opportunities to improve community engagement or store performance to the team leaders.Act as store team members when they’re not acting as the manager-on-duty or learning operational tasks.PAWsome Shift Supervisor candidates will have:2+ years of retail experience.Proficiency in Microsoft Office.Strong sales and customer service skills are a must.Ability to operate all equipment, including a forklift, to run the store is important, as well as the abiilty to climb ladders, bend, kneel, and lift up to 50 pounds (that cat litter can be heavy!).Ability to work flexible schedules, have reliable transportation, and must pass the drug screening (where allowed by law) and be 18 years or older.About Pet Supplies PlusPet Supplies Plus is focused on making it easier to get better products for your pet. With over 500 locations in 34 states, the stores have a streamlined design making it easy to navigate a wide assortment of natural foods, hard goods and pet services. Friendly, knowledgeable staff get to know each pet and their owner by name and provide playful store experiences to remind them just how fun it is to own a pet. Pet Supplies Plus stores are large enough to house an incredible variety of food and equipment, yet small enough to still feel neighborly.Pet Supplies Plus is ranked No. 46 overall in Entrepreneur Magazine's 2019 Franchise 500® list and is the Top Full-Service Pet Supplies Franchise for its exceptional performance in areas including financial strength and stability, growth rate and system size. For more information, please visit www.petsuppliesplus.com.EOE STATEMENTWe provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, the company complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment.OptionsApply for this job onlineApplyShareEmail this job to a friendReferSorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.Share on your newsfeedApplication FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.com"
