"Intermediate – Senior Family Lawyer – Vancouver JobsSkip to contentVancouver JobsFind your next job in VancouverMenuIntermediate – Senior Family LawyerPosted on December 11, 2020 by JObs	DescriptionJob Description:A leading, highly regarded firm is for an experienced family lawyer to add to their team. ABOUT OUR CLIENT Our client provides high level legal services throughout B.C, such as Vancouver, Surrey, Richmond, and Kelowna. With a team of over 20 lawyers as well as associated support staff, they have a strong focus on family law alongside estate litigation and immigration law. ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY With the abundance of work that the firm is finding themselves with, they are growing and looking for the ideal candidate to join their ranks. With that in mind, this is a fantastic opportunity for someone looking to maximize their earning potential amidst an excellent collegial working environment. ABOUT THE POSITION This position requires that the ideal individual have extensive experience in a broad range of family law matters, including but not limited to separation agreements, division of assets, spousal maintenance, and more. While litigation experience is required, experience with ADR in areas such as mediation and arbitration are welcome. The team structure is also quite fluid as it depends on the individual, though the emphasis is on forming a well-balanced team. THE REQUIREMENTSA member of the Law Society of British Columbia in good standingA minimum of 3 years of broad family law experience, though the more the betterStrong litigation experience and comfortable with being in courts COMPENSATIONBase salary depending on the charge rateBilling expectation 1600 hours. Depending on seniority, up to 30% of what they collect HOW TO APPLY Please apply directly to this posting with the most recent version of your resume. If you would like to speak with us regarding this position, please contact Darryl Keong at: 604 689 8687 ext. 296 or email dkeong@impactrecruitment.ca. To learn more about our open positions, visit us at impactrecruitment.ca. ABOUT IMPACT RECRUITMENT Specializing in a wide variety of industries and recruitment verticals, Impact Recruitment is passionate about matching exceptional talent with exciting new opportunities across Canada. For job seekers, we offer a dedicated approach to finding the right opportunity for your career growth. The Certified Candidate® system by Impact Recruitment is designed to ensure your next career move is the right one. We take the time to thoroughly understand your technical abilities, your career goals, and you. Become a Certified Candidate® and enjoy a better recruitment experience with Impact. Learn more at impactrecruitment.ca. Privacy and confidentiality are important to us; as such all applications are kept strictly confidential. We will not share your information with anyone without your prior approval. While we will only be considering qualified applicants for this position, if you are interested in pursuing an alternate career path, we would certainly be happy to speak with you about opportunities that fit your profile.___________________Impact RecruitmentView Original Source SourceDesigning Your Life: How to Build a Well-Lived, Joyful Life(1662)(as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)What Color Is Your Parachute? 2021: Your Guide to a Lifetime of Meaningful Work and Career Success(46)CDN$25.99 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Cracking the PM Interview: How to Land a Product Manager Job in Technology(902)CDN$32.80 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Your Next Move: The Leader's Guide to Navigating Major Career Transitions(75)CDN$32.45 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)The Designing Your Life Workbook: A Framework for Building a Life You Can Thrive In(443)CDN$24.99 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Lose the Resume, Land the Job(81)CDN$25.00 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)The Professor Is In: The Essential Guide To Turning Your Ph.D. Into a Job(528)CDN$23.76 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Designing Your Life: How to Build a Well-Lived, Joyful Life(1662)CDN$15.99 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Steal the Show: From Speeches to Job Interviews to Deal-Closing Pitches, How to Guarantee a Standing Ovation for All the Performances in Your Life(313)(as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Knock 'em Dead Resumes: A Killer Resume Gets MORE Job Interviews!(69)CDN$15.85 (as of January 27, 2021 - More infoProduct prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.)Search for:Recent PostsIt's time to make it matter! Teach English in China.Valentine's Day Weekend Flower Delivery Drivers Needed!!!Class One Truck DriverPharmacy TechnicianDevelopment Planner – City of Port Moody (Port Moody, BC)Copyright © 2021 Vancouver Jobs	– OnePress theme by FameThemes"
