"Example Resume For The Australian Job Market (Australian Resume Example)HomeWhy Hire Us?How Do We Differ?TestimonialsServicesExecutive Resume Writing ServiceLinkedIn Profile Writing ServiceDigital PR And WebsitesBusiness HeadshotsInterview CoachingOutplacementAboutHow Does It Work?Who Are Our Clients?New Path To The C-Suite.What Is Our Vision?The Leadership Team.Expert AdviceContactHOMESERVICESExecutive Resume WritingExecutive LinkedIn Profile WritingAdvanced Interview CoachingPremium Business HeadshotsBespoke Executive OutplacementWHY HIRE US?TESTIMONIALSHOW DO WE DIFFER?ABOUTHow Does It Work?Who Are Our Clients?The New Path To The C-SuiteWhy Do We Exist?Meet The Leadership TeamEXPERT ADVICECONTACTExample Resume For The Australian Job Market (Australian Resume Example)Impress Aussie recruiters and hiring managers.()(164 votes, average: 4.6 out of 5)Applying for a job in Australia? You'll need to ensure that your resume conforms to Australian standards. My Australian resume examples will help you win.Arielle Executive > Example Resume For The Australian Job Market (Australian Resume Example)Irene McConnellApril 1, 20186 min readApril 1, 2018Skip To Section:1. Getting accepted by Aussies.2. Structure of an Australian resume.3. Example of an Australian resume.4. Bonus tips.()First of all, bravo. By finding this blog post, you’ve already made a decision that 9/10 of candidates won’t – that to get a job in Australia, you need a resume that’s aligned to the Australian job market.So, where can you find a good example of an Australian resume?Right here.In fact, I’ll give you something better. Instead of simply showing you a few examples of Australian resumes, I’ll also show you how to structure each section of your resume in a way that impresses Australian recruiters.(Related: How To Write A Resume That Blows The Socks Off Employers).I’ll also share with you a few vital idiosyncrasies that you must know about Australian resumes.But first, let me explain a few little-known, but important nuances of Australian culture. Knowing these will maximise your chances of getting your resume noticed in the Australian job market.1. Getting Accepted By Aussies.Australians are famous for their laid-back attitude. They appreciate confidence and professionalism, but severely dislike overconfidence and hubris.When crafting your resume, it’s critical that you position yourself as a confident and highly competent individual.Don’t get carried away, though. Your resume should not read like it was written by Conor McGregor, for Conor McGregor.Aussies don’t relate well to people who are overly brash and self-aggrandising; instead, they reserve a term for them which begins with a “w” and rhymes with “tanker”.Striking a balance is vital.You don’t want to undersell yourself. But you don’t want to come across as God’s gift to employers, either (more on this shortly).2. Structure Of An Australian Resume.Now that you understand the cultural background against which you need to write your resume, let’s delve into a few specifics.By the way, if you want to have a top-tier resume without having to write it yourself, consider using my Sydney- and Melbourne-based resume writing services for senior business leaders or my resume writing service for mid-level professionals.To read reviews of resume writing services by Arielle Executive, follow these links:Arielle Executive Sydney on TrueLocal. Read reviews.Arielle Executive Melbourne on TrueLocal. Read reviews.Arielle Executive on Facebook. Read reviews.Resume Length.Don’t submit a one-page resume. It lacks the detail Australian recruiters are looking for.Don’t exceed 5 pages.Do try to keep your resume to 3-4 pages. This is what recruiters expect and feel is appropriate.Formatting.Do keep your formatting clean and simple.Do stick to the internationally accepted font styles and sizes (e.g. Calibri, 11pt).Don’t use tables, images or graphs. Many Australian companies use ATS (Applicant Tracking System) tools – and these tend to be easily confused by unnecessary detail.Spelling.Do review your resume with Australian English – that’s ‘Analyse’ not ‘Analyze’, ‘Behaviour’ not ‘Behavior’, ‘Centre’ not ‘Center’.This is obvious, but I need to say it anyway – ensure that there are no spelling errors or linguistic mistakes!Paper Size.If printing your resume, use A4 sized paper. Australia and Europe are aligned here.Don’t use US Letter size (8” x 11”).(Related: Why Resume Templates Hurt Your Job Search).3. Example Of An Australian Resume.It’s time to show you a best-practice Australian resume example, and then explain to you why it works.Your Photograph.In some countries it’s normal practice to include your headshot at the top of your resume. Not so in Australia.Do not include a photograph of yourself—regardless of how handsome or pretty you think you are.Your Headline.The headline on a resume typically appears under your name, and is essentially your tagline. My advice is to match your headline with the job you are applying for.Include any certifications that add credibility and, if possible, highlight your specialisation. For example:Ben BarnesChief Financial Officer | Chartered Accountant | ManufacturingThis is not the place to be cool, so no ‘Number Monkey’, ‘Head Honcho’ or ‘Moral Captain’ references. Please.Your Professional Profile.Here is where you can inject some ‘colour’. Think story. Think brand. Think impact.(Related: 25 Elements You Must Include On Your Resume).Most candidates will use this space to detail their overarching experience, qualifications and specialisation. For example:“A dynamic Chief Financial Officer with 15 years’ experience in the manufacturing sector, I offer chartered accountant expertise is M&A, divestment and fiscal activities.”While that approach is reasonably effective, do one better and get to the heart of what makes you unique and exceptional:“Combining Chartered Accountant qualification with astute commercial acumen, I bring 15 years’ success enabling the profitable growth of ambitious corporations in the manufacturing sector.”Your Employment Summary.You may be familiar with the 2012 study undertaken by online job-matching service TheLadders that claimed recruiters spend an average of just 6 seconds reviewing an individual’s resume.Using an eye-tracking technique, researchers found that recruiters focused on your name, current job title, company and dates of employment.It’s very important that you include this information on the first page of your resume—and do so in a clear and easily digestible format.In Australia, recruiters are generally looking at your last 10 years of employment history. Only go back further if you have earlier experience that is highly relevant.Your Responsibilities & Achievements.Now recruiters will expect you to get into the ‘meat’ of your roles.Here, you need to call out your key competencies and experience in a way that engages the Australian audience.Author Richard White, in his 1981 book Inventing Australia, used images spanning 400 years to answer the question … what does it mean to be Australian?One of his observations was that Australians dislike arrogance and prefer to view achievements as facts. I suggest that you take his conclusions into account. Here are some ways to do it:Responsibilities that avoid first-person references: e.g. ‘Provide leadership to a team of 5 HR Advisors’, rather than, ‘I lead a team of 5 HR advisors’.No 3rd person references: e.g. ‘Emma leads a team of 5 HR Advisors’.Front-loaded fact-based achievements: e.g. ‘Improved staff engagement by 30%, defining and implementing a targeted strategy empowering employee input and influence’ rather than ‘Defined and implemented a targeted strategy empowering employee input and influence, resulting in a 30% increase in staff engagement scores.’Also, be sure to read my guide to writing persuasive, razor-sharp achievements.Your Education.To quote the great Sir John Monash, pioneering scholar, soldier and engineer who lent his name to one of Australia’s leading universities:“…equip yourself for life, not solely for your own benefit but for the benefit of the whole community…”Australians, like most westerners, value education and continuing professional development.Be sure to highlight your academic and professional qualifications by including the name and major of your degree, along with the awarding institution.Graduate, Australian Institute of Company Directors GAICDBachelor of Science, Psychology The University of CambridgeThere is no need to include the year of completion on your resume. Also, there’s no need to include education that is no longer relevant (e.g. high school).Additional Information.Aside from your previous experience, achievements and personality flavour, there are a few other details that you can consider including on your resume to get a job quickly:Non-Executive / Committee / Voluntary Job Roles: Don’t be afraid to expand on these, as you would your professional experience, provided they enhance your value proposition as a professional.Professional Memberships / Affiliations: e.g. Member of the British Psychological Society, Fellow of the Financial Planning Association of Australia or the National Association of Sales ProfessionalsVisa Status: Show that you are eligible to work in Australia. For more info on Visa requirements and applications, head to the Australian government’s “Working In Australia” website: (http://www.border.gov.au/Trav/Work)Publications: Provided they are relevant, interesting and credible.Awards: List them simply as you would your education e.g. Award Name, Awarding Body, Year.Your References.Like all safety conscious professionals in the digital world, Australian recruiters appreciate the restrictions of data protection and don’t expect to see referee names, addresses and telephone numbers on your resume.Writing ‘References available on request’ is perfectly acceptable.You can expect that referee details will be requested in later stages of the recruitment process.4. Bonus Tips.The above is your guide to producing a great example of an Australian resume. But here at Arielle, we can’t help but give a little extra. Here are our ‘Top 4 Bonus Tips’ for bagging a job ‘down under’:Do not blindly copy resume templates that you find online. That’s a guaranteed way to make yourself look like every other candidate.Pay attention to your online presence: LinkedIn plays a big role in Australian recruitment and should form a key part of your professional brand.If you’re an executive or a senior business leader, more rules apply to you – start by reading my piece about executive resumes.Be patient: Australian recruitment processes can be lengthy due to wide stakeholder involvement and increased expectations.Time waits for no man, and neither does an Australian: Be on time for any calls or appointments. Tardiness is not ok.Alright, that’s all I have for you today.I hope these tips help – and if you would like to see any specific Australian resume examples (or Australia-specific job search tips), let me know in the comments below.– IreneHow useful was this post?Click on a star to rate it!Submit RatingRecommended Reading:Professional Resume Writing Guide: Advanced Tips & TricksDon’t Use A Downloaded Resume Template Until You Read This5 thoughts on “Example Resume For The Australian Job Market (Australian Resume Example)”	Pat says:	July 24, 2018 at 5:18 am	Hi Irene, Amazing article. Really helpful. Thanks.ReplyMartin says:	November 27, 2018 at 11:24 pm	Helpful reading. Especially for those who just have come to Australia and try to apply for a suitable job.ReplyKarma says:	January 6, 2019 at 2:32 am	Nice to go through and understand basic requirements for writing cvReplyAlex says:	February 8, 2019 at 1:02 am	HelloCould you please help me for for write CV and cover letter thanksAlex 0472837500ReplySteven McConnell says:	February 8, 2019 at 7:18 am	Alex, a couple of ideas:– I suggest that you don’t make your mobile public.– Please refer to our blogs – there are plenty of resume writing guides available.– If you’d like us to write a resume for you, it’s certainly possible. However, do note that we’re a premium brand and our prices start at $2,500.– If that’s outside your budget, that’s perfectly understandable. We can refer you to a resume writing service that’s competent and affordable. Simply submit an enquiry via the contact page and we’ll help you out.Thanks!StevenReplyLeave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSydneyArielle ExecutiveSuite 55, Level 24,Three International Towers,300 Barangaroo Ave,Sydney, NSW 2000MelbourneArielle ExecutiveSuite 60, Level 9,440 Collins St,Melbourne, VIC 3000The FirmCareersPrivacy PolicyTerms And ConditionsGoogle Rating5.0Based on 124 reviewsArielle Executive5.0×john wood08:08 17 Jan 21Very organized and professional service. Time efficient and quality in attention to detail. Delivers in terms of listening and putting sufficient time into extracting your individual unique value proposition so that it can be authentically and clearly articulatedDavid Animante02:24 18 Dec 20I approached Arielle for help in drafting a CV following some preliminary search on the Internet. I found the entire process insightful and the team (Philippa and Irene) friendly, understanding, patient and highly professional. I was extremely satisfied with the quality of service and recommend them without the slightest hesitation.Jennifer Reid09:58 27 Oct 20The team at Arielle were very professional but also personable. They made it easy to share my story, then help me recreate my new personal brand. It's easy to lose sight of what you are good at. The Arielle team helped me to refocus my attention on those key points in my search for a new career.I would highly recommend anyone who is looking to crystalize their personal story in their quest for a new career to reach out to the Arielle team.snork6903:19 21 Oct 20Arielle hit every timeline and delivered an outstanding set of documentation that led me into the bold new world of recruiting. I recommend this service wholeheartedly to anyone looking to upgrade their career history and move into the digital age.Joseph Della Gatta12:04 09 Oct 20I had an amazing experience with Arielle Executive, from the initial consultation right through to the end on receiving the final documents. My AE consultant Philippa, was great in capturing my career achievements and all the details. I was so pleased how my \"personal brand\" was crafted & weaved. My resume' is definitely a standout & I have no hesitation in utilizing & recommending their services in the future.Joanne Borys19:10 29 Sep 20Scott B.03:15 21 Sep 20From the initial consultation with Irene and throughout the comprehensive personal branding engagement process with Philippa, I found the overall experience to be extremely well structured and exceeding my expectations. The client exploratory process affords you the right amount of time and quality of engagement to work with the Arielle Executive team as they craft your bespoke personal brand. Successfully and succinctly capturing the narrative of who you are, your career achievements and what value you can bring to a future employer is no easy task: through the efforts of the Arielle team I now have a personal brand that delivers on those objectives. I highly recommend the services of the team at Arielle Executive!Markus Bichler02:50 18 Sep 20Incredible experience with Arielle.The team went above and beyond to translate my experience & skills into an online and offline presence which helped land my dream job.Asides from that it helped really nail the corporate branding and completely transformed the way we communicate with our B2B clients.As a side effect it helped us introduce a great way to help sell our B2B services on LinkedIn, which – a few months down the track – turns out to be a game changer for our business.As a now CEO and COO for 2 businesses I can´t even begin to put a ROI on the amount spent on the stellar service I received. Very happy and if I could give each one of the team members at Arielle a hug right now, I totally would 😊Luke Collis05:52 01 Sep 20Awesome people, seamless process with amazing insights/ experience. Really hit the mark for me and I was extremely happy with the final product(s)Erin Dunkerley15:31 22 Aug 20Fantastic experience with Arielle. I was surprised at how well they translated my experience & skill set into such a strong, clearly defined brand. Philippa was a pleasure to work with, & I’m thrilled with the results. Really looking forward to taking my new brand to the market. Highly recommend.Rebecca Palmer23:39 14 Jul 20What a great experience working with Philippa and the Arielle team, from my first conversation with Irene through to the final pitch documents, its been a great journey to go through. The physical deliverables are excellent, and I've had many positive comments about how punchy they are and how they really sell my key attributes. A key benefit for me was how the process really helped me group my thoughts and ideas together and help create my brand. Highly recommend the Arielle team, money well spent.Arturo Calderon05:10 23 Jun 20The quality of the CV's they prepare is outstanding, even in this times of COVID, as soon as you start circulating the CV's you get calls from recruiters.Josh Rowe09:24 10 Jun 20Communicating your value and career story to your next employer is a job best done by professionals. Arielle Executive guide you through a structured process to understand where you've been and where you want to go next in your career. You might be surprised learning some of the amazing things you have achieved along the way. Thank you Arielle Executive team. I will be a repeat customer.Tom Rustowski04:34 09 Jun 20After a long sabbatical, I wanted to ensure my 'personal brand' in re-entering the executive employment market was the best it could be. Arielle provided a thoroughly professional and bespoke service that resulted in a CV and LinkedIn presence that reflects my narrative, my ambitions and something I can be proud to share. Highly recommended.Kaine Williams14:09 24 May 20My second time using Arielle and have found the service very suitable when transitioning different stages of my careerMahul Shah01:52 11 May 20Phillipa and Irene professionally and empathetically guided me through the brand discovery, CV writing, and LinkedIn profile. I feel confident and empowered with my employment search journey.Anthony Middlebrook01:19 09 Apr 20The service I received was outstanding! Irene and Philippa were great to work with, providing a great deal of confidence in how the Arielle Executive program works and delivers.Rajeesh Nair08:57 06 Mar 20A highly professional and extremely knowledgeable team to uplift professional profile.Holly Cogle22:10 03 Mar 20Arielle Executive are a brilliant service to help articulate the depth and diversity of skills and experience in a succinct and sellable format.ADAM CAIN23:32 21 Jan 20I cannot thank Irene and all of the team enough at Arielle Executive for the superb service they provided me and with the utmost professionalism. From my initial contact the whole personal branding experience and career advisory service was seamless, friendly and caring. The finished product got to the core essence of who I am as a person, my achievements to date and the value I can bring to a future employer. I cannot recommend Arielle Executive enough, if you're serious about standing out from the pack in the employment market place, this is without question the best investment you can make in yourself.Silke O'Callaghan22:32 14 Jan 20I can't recommend Arielle Executive highly enough. The entire team is extremely competent, professional and highly skilled. The team never got tired of all my questions. It's an investment worth making! Working one on one with Philippa was extremely rewarding - she is fantastic and def knows what she is doing. She has such a gift! The entire Arielle experience was amazing.Chanuka Mallawaarachchi05:32 13 Jan 20Arielle Executive is an exceptional organisation responsible for a complete overhaul of my Executive Brand. My personal consultant was Philippa Counsell who is based in the UK. I cannot question the level of value she has added to my professional documents as well as to my online presence. I have had a number of senior leaders as well as HR professionals providing great feedback and I have been able to secure my next career challenge. I have recommended Arielle to a number of colleagues and will do so in the future. Once again, my sincere gratitude.Steve Toth01:05 13 Dec 19Scott Howe05:24 09 Dec 19So, I had reached out to a couple of CV writing companies, with Arielle Exec being by far the most expensive...and BY FAR THE BEST!! I will literally never try doing this myself again. Even before the completed version was done, their first draft secured two interviews within 24hrs!! I felt that they meticulously (1xhour with Irene, 5 hours answering online questions, 2hours on the phone with my appointed writer and a couple of emails) sought enough information about me to write a CV that was a true reflection of who I am. I couldn't recommend Arielle Executive more highly.Anthony Cormick20:45 08 Oct 19Very professional and polished service delivering results to the highest standardNick Hutchin10:22 29 Sep 19Arielle Executive are GOOD. They take your background and yourself and project you in the light you always wanted to be seen in.I`m NOT a marketeer, but I knew I needed help to market myself, and I am very, very pleased I chose Arielle Executive to partner with for this purposeCassia Ferguson06:51 31 Jul 19Philippa has gone above and beyond with my resume and linked in. It has been beneficial for finding a new career path.Professional photography also 5 stars and useful for many applications.Martin Best08:30 16 Jul 19I highly recommend Arielle Executive branding services to support senior managers/ executives with their career transitions. I found it a highly supportive, engaging and rewarding process !Andrew McFadden04:44 12 Jul 19Facing a career fork in the road I was searching the web looking for assistance on how to put together a resume and LinkedIn profile that would help me stand out from the crowd. I was struggling to find a service that was not the normal cookie-cutter approach. I was so relieved when I came across Arielle Executive with their holistic approach and a real focus on branding. And Irene and her team at Arielle did not disappoint. They were an absolute pleasure to deal with. I would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending Irene and her team at Arielle.Lisa Simpson10:22 06 May 19Highly recommend Irene and Philippa- such great support, guidance and advice! So happy with the final products - very high quality!Rathish Karthigesu20:19 15 Apr 19The service I received from start, phone chat to Irene McConnell on the phone , to my final consultation with Philippa Counsell was outstanding. I recommend Arielle Executive and the services on offer to anyone seeking to boost and/or launch their brand. Thank you and all the best!Don Cole12:45 27 Mar 19I am finally excited about sending my Resume and Cover Letter to recruiters and prospective clients, and I really love how these documents align perfectly with my updated Linkedin profile. Philippa has done a fantastic job of summarizing my somewhat convoluted career and succinctly articulating my key skills and other attributes. In every regard, the team at Arielle Executive has exceeded my hopes and expectations. Thank you.Don ColeSimon Smith11:26 18 Mar 19Kate Callaghan00:36 21 Feb 19A very professional, thorough and enjoyable experience that really got to the heart of my point of difference and helped me articulate it clearly.Sam D21:01 20 Feb 19Personalised perfection. The staff are genuine and go above and beyond to ensure my branding turned out perfectlyAakash Gandhi02:42 19 Feb 19Arielle built my whole profile and I am very impressed. The unique thing about Arielle is that its not just another exec CV service, they go deep in understanding who you are what you are passionate about and then build the story around it. Highly recommended.Kym Jones21:31 18 Feb 19I found the advice and material provided by Arielle to be very beneficial to my job search. Before even commencing my search, I found most rewarding the work we put into identifying my value in the workplace and where best to pitch it. On a personal note, in all of the interactions I had with Arielle, every representative showed a kindness of spirit you don’t often find these days.Shivani Singh06:54 03 Jan 19In business we're always talking ROI. Well, all I can say is: after engaging Arielle Executive, I GOT THE DREAM JOB. And it was certainly a big one, with six gruelling rounds including a panel presentation and a massive salary uplift. However, because of the time I spent with Irene and Philippa, and also my exceptional career assets that landed me the first interview, I felt clear on my path, and so prepared to share the unique value I could bring to the organisation.I think what makes Arielle so great – and why I have not stopped raving about them to any ambitious friend looking to take their career to the next level – is that they are so much more than just a resume writing or Linkedin profile company. What they did was take the time to recognise and help me see all the accomplishments and attributes I was taking for granted, and combining insider industry and recruitment knowledge, beautifully weave a narrative that had me guaranteed to be the winning candidate.This stuff is far too hard to do yourself – in my opinion, the smart thing to do is leave it to the experts. Thanks Irene and Philippa, I'm certainly looking forward to a lifelong partnership with Arielle Executive.Jon Pascoe05:15 30 Nov 18I have used Arielle's services multiple times and referred to a number of colleagues. The team are exceptional, they understand the current trends in the job market and the process is always insightful. I think having the sounding board and the knowledge the team have is invaluable when working through how to represent your value proposition to potential employers and clients. It has worked great for me. Thank you team!Chanel White05:12 17 Nov 18Engaging Arielle Executive is a great career investment. Arielle undertook the difficult job of repositioning my CV to help me secure my dream job in a new industry. The professional CV clearly articulated the skills I could bring to the table and the interview coaching was great preparation for the recruitment process. Highly recommended to assist you in taking your career 'next level' or to support you in making a career change.Andrea Martens05:49 15 Nov 18Having worked with Arielle Executive over the past two years, I can confidently recommend the amazing service, professionalism and advice that they provide. I have recommended them on numerous occasions to peers who have been equally impressed.Glen Young11:22 07 Nov 18I recently engaged Arielle to update my resume and LinkedIn profile and I can't recommend Arielle highly enough. Working with both Irene and Philippa has been amazing. Irene has a wealth of knowledge and experience and Philippa is a consummate professional. The time spent together was invaluable, their services personable and professional and they managed to totally transform my personal brand with exceptional results. Thanks again.Marcus Bourget08:32 01 Nov 18Highly recommend! I was recommended to Arielle by word of mouth and can't speak highly enough of the team and their work. They took my jumbled down-in-the-weeds thoughts to help me create a coherent narrative around my job search as well as ensuring my CV and social media presence worked seamlessly together.I was looking for a tree change and that's what I got! I couldn't be happier with the role, I'm in and, reflecting back, it ticks all the boxes I discussed with Arielle. They are absolutely worth the investment!Sarah M04:35 07 Sep 18The service is so much more than a beautifully constructed and presented CV. It is a real collaboration in brand creation, particularly the LinkedIn profile and EP. You really get me! After assisting me with my first executive move which was both up and expanding out, I keep coming back to refresh and reposition my brand and each time the outcome is exceptional.Milica Talic13:14 29 Aug 18Luke Jarmaine09:20 29 Aug 18Donato Rufo10:13 26 Jul 18Well worth the investment for your career and personal brand. The results do come trust me. Highly recommend Arielle.Gabriel Johannson22:02 25 Jul 18Well worth the effort you will make & invest in your own career. The results are real and the feedback you will get will change how you approach searching for work & how you position your value to both current employers and future opportunities.Michael Cassel09:57 14 May 18Wow! Working with Arielle and Philippa has been amazing. I have used the organisation for executive coaching and CV services more than once - the results speak for themselves 100% success rate. I cannot recommend the team enough. If you want to propel your career forward then Arielle Careers is the place to start.See all reviewsWrite a reviewSearch for:(C) Copyright 2018 Arielle Executive.Sign in	New account	Remember meLog in	Forgot your password?Create account	Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.Reset password	Back to login"
