"Work In Oregon Veterans Jobs - Oracle Consulting Project Director - Hospitality Industry (EAST COAST) in Corvallis, Oregon, United StatesWork In Oregon Veterans JobsWork in OregonJobs Currently Available in OregonWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (24,377)Job InformationOracle Consulting Project Director - Hospitality Industry (EAST COAST) in Corvallis, OregonAs an acknowledged authority within Oracle, this senior-level project management position provides consistent high quality and innovative solution leadership with industry-wide impact. Responsible for guiding the successful implementation of an integrated business solution ensuring high quality and timely delivery within budget to the customer s satisfaction.Analyzes business needs to help ensure Oracle s solution meets the customer s objectives by combining industry best practices and product knowledge. Effectively applies Oracle s methodologies and policies while adhering to contractual obligations, minimizing Oracle s risk and exposure. As a position of professional influence, this individual frequently operates at the leading edge of technology. Recommends and justifies enhancements to Oracle products to meet very complex customer needs. Exercises creativity and independent judgment in identifying and resolving major issues and risks impacting project success. Provides direction and mentoring to project teams. As a thought leader and trusted advisor, effectively influences decisions at the leadership level of customer organizations. Ensures customer deliverables are acceptable, and works closely with the customer to understand and manage project expectations. Enables business development efforts by providing subject matter expertise. Manages the scope of medium to large-scale projects, and accounts with varying levels of complexity.10 years of experience relevant to this position including 3 years of project management experience. Demonstrated ability to follow solid project management principles and successfully manage projects of increasing complexity. Comfortable working in a matrix management environment. Strong influencing and negotiation skills to deal with internal stakeholders, customers, and vendors. Product, technology or industry expertise relevant to the portfolio focus. Selling skills preferred. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. PMI certification preferred. Ability to travel as needed.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.Consulting Project Director - CasinosLOCATION: East Coast, USATRAVEL: UP TO 80%NOTE: We are unable to provide visa sponsorship for this role at this time. No candidates requiring visa sponsorship will be considered.Role Purpose:This role will report into the Hospitality Global Business Unit (HGBU) at a Project Director level for Program and Project delivery.Context:To support customer’s strategic Programs and Projects, the Hospitality Global Business Unit (HGBU) is seeking a PMI certified Program / Project Manager, preferably with experience in the Hospitality Industry.The role will be based on the East Coast, supporting a HGBU Strategic Accounts.Specific responsibilities:Program / Project Lifecycle Management from start up through to closure, in line with the Oracle Unified Method (OUM) and the Global Standard Operating Procedures (GSOP).Provide support to scoping future program growth and follow on Projects. Resources will take ahands on approachworking with all work-streams to ensure customer and project success.Experience and requirements:Understand how Casino’s deploy Property Management Systems (PMS) and Point of Sale (POS) systems preferred.Ability to travel up to 80% across North America is essential.Senior (Director level), customer facing Project Manager, experienced in managing projects valued at $10M (NOTE – THIS IS AN INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTOR LEVEL POSITION).PMP and / or PgMP Certified.Expertise in a recognized Project Management Methodology, preferably PMI and Oracle Unified Method.10 years Project Management field experience, with relevant Hospitality Project Management delivery experience in the last 3 years.Understands Oracle's business and product line, with particular emphasis on GBU business.Global Business experience.Ability to excel in multi-cultural, multi-country team.Understand product life cycles and experience working with custom product development preferred./At Oracle, we don’t just value differences—we celebrate them. We’re committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people work together. We believe innovation starts with diversity and inclusion./https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/culture/diversity.htmlJob: *ConsultingOrganization: *OracleTitle: Consulting Project Director - Hospitality Industry (EAST COAST)Location: United StatesRequisition ID: 210001U1Apply NowOracleOracle JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaOracleConsulting Project Director - Ho...CorvallisOregonClear AllWorkSource Oregon is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. Language assistance is available to person with limited English proficiency at no cost.WorkSource Oregon es un programa/empleador que respeta la igualdad de oportunidades. Ayudas auxiliares y servicios para personas con discapacidades estará disponible sin costo. Asistencia de idiomas para personas con conocimiento limitado del inglés sin costo alguno."
