"Software Engineer -IM Core Engineering - IMD Technology | Bangalore, India | Goldman SachsYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.Goldman SachsSoftware Engineer -IM Core Engineering - IMD TechnologyBangalore, IndiaGoldman SachsSoftware Engineer -IM Core Engineering - IMD TechnologyBangalore, IndiaDate posted:Sep 2, 2020ENGINEERINGWhat We DoAt Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don't just make things - we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets .Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here.Who We Look ForGoldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment.RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONSHOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL• Build a unified world-class platform supporting all aspects of investment research• Propose, design, and implement software solutions to enhance our client services and capture new opportunities• Great opportunity to learn the business while working with a talented group of individuals• Build scalable financial services using the latest web & server-side technologies• Exposure to new and exciting technologies applied in a thoughtful and commercial manner• Work in challenging yet fulfilling environment which gives opportunity to work on critical projects to uplift systemsSKILLS AND EXPERIENCE WE ARE LOOKING FOR• As the successful candidate will work across the stack, a technology agnostic approach is vital• Technical qualifications: strong commercial experience in Java, JavaScript, Angular, Rest, Web sockets, Application server (Jetty,Tomcat, Vertx or equivalent), MongoDB, Sybase• Solid analytical skills and appreciation of technical risk• Highly motivated, committed and capable of working to timelines• Strong team working and communication skills are essential to manage the business interaction and the global nature of projectsPreferred Qualifications• Search and search related technologies such as Lucene, Elastic Search, Solr• Knowledge GraphsABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSAt Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers .We're committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https:// www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender IdentitySend To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
