"U.S. Bank Jobs - Special Loans Associate 2 in Elmhurst, Illinois, United StatesWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy.AcceptU.S. Bank JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (2,522)Job InformationU.S. Bank Special Loans Associate 2 in Elmhurst, IllinoisAt U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.Job DescriptionThe operations support staff is responsible for assisting in the administration of a portfolio of performing and non-performing loans. Provides customer service to commercial, corporate, community banking, trust, private client, consumer and residential loan customers, as applicable in the form of operations, administrative and clerical support to the assigned Loan Relationship Manager as follows:Boards loans, loan renewals, modifications, etc. assuring accuracy and compliance via WAM approval and loan documentation.Works closely with Attorney’s, Title Officer’s or Lending Services representative’s for loans to coordinate the recording of collateral documents to include but not limited Deeds of Trust, Forbearance Agreements and UCC filings for non-real estate collateral.Orders Internal Loan Documents through CLDOCS via CLWII per WAM approval.Adheres to Flood Compliance obtaining flood approval through prefunding tasks.Order Appraisals, Environmental Requests and Evaluations through the RIMS appraisal system.Monitors and clears collateral exceptions.Prepares Payoff Letters assuring compliance with Treasury for prepayment indemnity.Fixed Rate Lock requests as instructed.Processes payments, payoffs, partial pay downs and loan maintenance as instructed.Initiate the payment of legal and other invoices as applicable through the Corporate eInvoice tool.Expense tracking for borrower reimbursement of payments.Order Credit Bureau Reports/LexisNexis/DNB etc.Performs check backs to assure accuracy of all system maintenance, boarding’s, etc.DDA & LOC account closures as instructed.DDA account opened through CCS for bank controlled accounts.Default Rates – invoking/revoking maintenance to system(s) per terms of the Promissory Note and as instructed by RM.ACH Risk Profile Form and WAM – Monitoring ACH report for expiring commitments as instructed by RM.Protective advance per WAM approval and as instructed by RM.Performs various research as need on loans and accounts.Transfer In/Out Process – RM system maintenance, Customer Profile/Information Sheet, coordination of paper or electronic file to or from originating business line.Clerical support such as, but not limited to general filing, customer correspondence, ordering of supplies, mail distribution, UPS labels, record retention, service requests for copiers, fax machines, computers and laptops.Basic QualificationsHigh school diploma or equivalentThree to five years of experience in lending and loan documentation and processingPreferred Skills/ExperienceThorough knowledge of assigned (consumer, commercial, corporate, trust, private client and/or residential) lending and loan documentation and processing policies and proceduresSome knowledge of credit analysis, lending operations, and credit administrationStrong analytical, problem-solving and negotiation skillsExcellent customer service/relations skillsProficient computer skills, especially Microsoft Office applicationsEffective verbal and written communication skillsBenefits:Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting usbank.com/careers at https://www.usbank.com/careers/index.html .EEO is the LawApplicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law at https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf poster.E-VerifyU.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program at https://www.usbank.com/careers/verification-of-eligibility-for-employment.html .Our 74,000 employees work across departments to help our millions of retail, business, wealth management, payment, commercial and corporate, and investment services customers across the country and around the world turn their dreams into reality. Our employees are empowered to create change and drive our future, and we pride ourselves on diligently and ethically upholding U.S. Bank’s best-in-class financial record and legacy of more than 150 years in banking. Most importantly, we put people first, cultivating and treasuring meaningful relationships with the customers we serve, the colleagues we support and the communities where we live and work.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaSpecial Loans Associate 2ElmhurstIllinoisClear AllEOE including Disability/Protected VeteransFor information on requesting a reasonable accommodation in the application process, visit the Company career page.Powered By"
