"Community Outreach | holyspirit-elcaLUTHERAN CHURCH OF THE HOLY SPIRITA family of faith living and growing together in ChristHuman NeedsThe people of Holy Spirit take to heart our Lord's command that we love and serve our neighbors in need. Here are some of our many programs under our Human Needs ministry efforts. If you would like to get involved, please contact Pastor Tim at tclinstrom@gmail.com.Local1/3PADS﻿Providing Advocacy, Dignity and Shelter is a program that Holy Spirit has participated in for over ten years. Once a month, from October through April, we staff and provide meals for homeless individuals at Messiah Evangelical Lutheran Church in Wauconda. We also staff the first shift (6pm - 11pm) on site, and attempt to cover all three overnight shifts if possible. Consider being part of this important hands-on ministry. Please contact Human Needs Council member, Emmanuel Neela atemmanuel.neela@gmail.comfor more information.​​﻿Food Pantries﻿Every second Sunday of the month we take a special second offering for hunger. This special offering is committed to those in need. We contribute 25% of the funds to C.O.O.L. Food Pantry in Waukegan and 25% to Elijah's Pantry in Chicago.​​Blood Drive﻿Twice each year, members of the Holy Spirit congregation and friends from the community have a chance to \"give the gift of life\" in our Sunday blood drive. Our fellowship hall is the perfect place for Lifesource to set up for a half day event which usually yields 30 to 40 units of blood. Participants are treated to juice and delicious homemade brownies after they donate. Stop by! Walk-ins are always welcome.﻿Regional1/3COOL﻿C.O.O.L. food pantry supplies four days of emergency food to clients referred by area agencies and churches. C.O.O.L. also assists those in need with transitional housing as they begin the journey back to self-sufficiency. In addition to monetary gifts, congregation members got an opportunity to participate in hunger issues by actually bringing food to the Church.﻿Lutheran Day Nursery﻿Several times throughout the year, young students from Lutheran Day Nursery visit Holy Spirit or meet with confirmands at their school. The visits are joyous and fun-filled. Pictured above, the students get to know some of the animals housed in Ryerson Nature Preserve, our neighbor to the South.﻿Mission Church﻿Holy Spirit is committed to supporting mission beyond our community. For the last five years we have been mission partners with the Hispanic ministry of Sagrado Corozon (Holy Cross) Lutheran Church worshiping at Trinity United Lutheran in Waukegan.﻿Global1/2World HungerOur Lord made it clear that we are to serve our neighbor. Given that 1.4 billion of the world's people live in extreme poverty, the congregation of Holy Spirit actively supports the ELCA World Hunger Program.We acknowledge our many blessings and commit ourselves joyfully to follow Christ’s call by going beyond relief by including development, education, and advocacy.Every second Sunday of the month we take a special second offering for hunger. This special offering is committed to those in need. We send 50% of the money received to the World Hunger Fund of the ELCA which distributes the dollars both in this country and overseas.​​Refugee ResettlementWelcoming the stranger is a Biblical tradition that Holy Spirit makes real through our work with Refugee One, The Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services affiliate in the Chicago area. The congregation provides financial support towards the resettlement of refugees along with volunteers who gather needed items to furnish housing.Members are invited to join in welcoming refugee families coming to Chicago.HomeContactChildren & FamilyYouthAdultMusicGroupsEvents CalendarCommunity OutreachPublicationsmore© Copyright 2017 Lutheran Church of the Holy Spirit. All rights reserved."
