"Jobs | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit NowFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.	11 jobs found	Email me jobs like this	Refine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchbehavioral health therapist licensed temporaryBehavioral Health Unit SupervisorMonterey County Human Resources Salinas, California, United StatesPosition Description Open Until Filled Priority Screening Date: Friday, June 21, 2019 Exam #: 19/60B23/ 05KK Monterey County Health Department's Behavioral Health Bureau is seeking experienced behavioral health professionals to fill vacancies in the ACCESS, Children's System of Care, and Adult System of Care programs. The Unit Supervisor provides daily clinical oversight to a multidisciplinary team which includes case managers, behavioral health aides, licensed and licensed waived staff. The position entails providing administrative supervision of the team, monitoring caseloads, productivity, and timely documentation of services. The Unit Supervisor works collaboratively with the Behavioral Health Service Manager and other community based partners promoting a wellness recovery, client centered and strength based service model. Access -- Salinas & Coastal Region This position provides leadership and supervision of one of three teams of clinical and support staff that work with people first entering our systems of care. Access to services is open for all ages and for a variety of mental, emotional and substance-use issues. Access provides triage, assessments, medication monitoring, individual therapy, group work and case management and linkage services. Adult System of Care - Salinas This position provides leadership and supervision to a team that provides a wide range of services and supports to adults with serious mental illness; as well as co-occurring substance use, primary care and other social determinants of health. The program is oriented towards providing strength-based recovery services that supports clients in having a fuller life in the community while learning how to manage challenging symptoms and behaviors associated with these disorders. The stage matched interventions offered range from outreach and engagement, psycho-education, case management, medication management; as well as individual and group therapy. Adult System of Care - Forensics The forensic team in adult services currently has an opening for a Behavioral Health Unit Supervisor overseeing the Collaborative Court Programs which includes Mental Health Treatment Court, Drug Treatment Court, DUI Treatment Court, Veterans' Treatment Court and Military Diversion, Misdemeanor Competency Restoration and Mental Health Diversion. Children's System of Care -- Salinas This Behavioral Health Services Supervisor provides leadership and supervision to one of three teams that provide mental health services to children and families dealing with neglect and abuse. The program provides an array of mental health services across Monterey County to children and their families from psychoeducational groups, individual and family therapy, to intensive home-based treatment and a FSP program. Referrals to the program come from several sources including Access; some of these families are involved with the Department of Social Services and the Juvenile Dependency County while others may have active sexual assault cases with the District Attorney's Office. The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise in the Health Department. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following: Knowledge of: Methods and techniques of individual, family, group counseling, case management and social rehabilitation Principles and techniques of diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation of persons with mental or emotional disorders Laws governing behavioral health services in the state of California for specific treatment services Cultural habits of ethnic groups Principles of training and supervision of subordinate staff Skill and Ability to: Effectively counsel clients and conduct individual, family and group therapy or to provide case management or social rehabilitation service; Supervise and participate in a specialized behavioral health program; Train, assign and supervise the work of staff with varied educational and experience backgrounds; Speak and write effectively, including preparation of clear and concise records and reports; Establish effective working relationships with clients, staff and other community agencies. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong project management skills Organized Effective leadership Strong communication skills Proficient in the use of technology Provide excellent and courteous customer service Work within team framework Examples of Experience/Education/Training Any combination of training, education and/or experience which provides the knowledge, skills and abilities and required conditions of employment listed above is qualifying. Conditions of Employment: Possession of any one of the following licenses: Licensed Clinical Social Worker: A graduate of an accredited graduate school of social work and licensed as a Clinical Social Worker in the State of California. Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist: A graduate of an approved graduate school of marriage and family counseling and licensed as a Marriage and Family Therapist in the State of California. Clinical Psychologist: A graduate from an accredited school of psychology and licensed as a Clinical Psychologist in the State of California. Psychiatrist: Licensed as a Physician and Surgeon in the State of California (must provide evidence of having completed three years of graduate training in psychiatry in a program approved by the American Medical Association or the American Osteopathic Association). Nurse: Licensed to practice as a Registered Nurse by the Board of Nursing Education and Nurse Registration in California, possession of a Master's Degree in Psychiatric or Public Health Nursing, and two years of nursing experience in a mental health setting. Additional post-baccalaureate nursing experience in a mental health setting may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the educational experience. In accordance with HIPPA, incumbents must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI). Comply with California licensure requirements as outlined by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Other Licenses: Possession of a valid California Class C Driver's License. For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: http://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B23.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES Submit the following application materials to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906. Final Filing Date: Open Until Filled Priority Screening Date: Friday, June 21, 2019 All application material must be received by the priority screening date for a guaranteed review. Applications received after this date will be considered on an as needed basis until the position is filled. Monterey County Employment Application form Response to the Supplemental Questions Copy of Required License(s) Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions, is not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration and not be considered further. Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess the applicant's possession of required qualifications , this recruitment may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination . For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at (831) 755-4519. Or apply on-line at https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/montereycounty NOTE: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodation, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at (831) 755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the U. S. If you are hired into this classification in a temporary position, your salary will be hourly and you will not be eligible for the benefits listed above. BENEFITS: The County offers an excellent benefits package (F Bargaining Unit). A summary of benefits for F Unit can be viewed at: http://www.co.monterey.ca.us/home/showdocument?id=62360 Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Full TimePosition Description Open Until Filled Priority Screening Date: Friday, June 21, 2019 Exam #: 19/60B23/ 05KK Monterey County Health Department's Behavioral Health Bureau is seeking experienced behavioral health professionals to fill vacancies in the ACCESS, Children's System of Care, and Adult System of Care programs. The Unit Supervisor provides daily clinical oversight to a multidisciplinary team which includes case managers, behavioral health aides, licensed and licensed waived staff. The position entails providing administrative supervision of the team, monitoring caseloads, productivity, and timely documentation of services. The Unit Supervisor works collaboratively with the Behavioral Health Service Manager and other community based partners promoting a wellness recovery, client centered and strength based service model. Access -- Salinas & Coastal Region This position provides leadership and supervision of one of three teams of clinical and support staff that work with people first entering our systems of care. Access to services is open for all ages and for a variety of mental, emotional and substance-use issues. Access provides triage, assessments, medication monitoring, individual therapy, group work and case management and linkage services. Adult System of Care - Salinas This position provides leadership and supervision to a team that provides a wide range of services and supports to adults with serious mental illness; as well as co-occurring substance use, primary care and other social determinants of health. The program is oriented towards providing strength-based recovery services that supports clients in having a fuller life in the community while learning how to manage challenging symptoms and behaviors associated with these disorders. The stage matched interventions offered range from outreach and engagement, psycho-education, case management, medication management; as well as individual and group therapy. Adult System of Care - Forensics The forensic team in adult services currently has an opening for a Behavioral Health Unit Supervisor overseeing the Collaborative Court Programs which includes Mental Health Treatment Court, Drug Treatment Court, DUI Treatment Court, Veterans' Treatment Court and Military Diversion, Misdemeanor Competency Restoration and Mental Health Diversion. Children's System of Care -- Salinas This Behavioral Health Services Supervisor provides leadership and supervision to one of three teams that provide mental health services to children and families dealing with neglect and abuse. The program provides an array of mental health services across Monterey County to children and their families from psychoeducational groups, individual and family therapy, to intensive home-based treatment and a FSP program. Referrals to the program come from several sources including Access; some of these families are involved with the Department of Social Services and the Juvenile Dependency County while others may have active sexual assault cases with the District Attorney's Office. The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise in the Health Department. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following: Knowledge of: Methods and techniques of individual, family, group counseling, case management and social rehabilitation Principles and techniques of diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation of persons with mental or emotional disorders Laws governing behavioral health services in the state of California for specific treatment services Cultural habits of ethnic groups Principles of training and supervision of subordinate staff Skill and Ability to: Effectively counsel clients and conduct individual, family and group therapy or to provide case management or social rehabilitation service; Supervise and participate in a specialized behavioral health program; Train, assign and supervise the work of staff with varied educational and experience backgrounds; Speak and write effectively, including preparation of clear and concise records and reports; Establish effective working relationships with clients, staff and other community agencies. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong project management skills Organized Effective leadership Strong communication skills Proficient in the use of technology Provide excellent and courteous customer service Work within team framework Examples of Experience/Education/Training Any combination of training, education and/or experience which provides the knowledge, skills and abilities and required conditions of employment listed above is qualifying. Conditions of Employment: Possession of any one of the following licenses: Licensed Clinical Social Worker: A graduate of an accredited graduate school of social work and licensed as a Clinical Social Worker in the State of California. Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist: A graduate of an approved graduate school of marriage and family counseling and licensed as a Marriage and Family Therapist in the State of California. Clinical Psychologist: A graduate from an accredited school of psychology and licensed as a Clinical Psychologist in the State of California. Psychiatrist: Licensed as a Physician and Surgeon in the State of California (must provide evidence of having completed three years of graduate training in psychiatry in a program approved by the American Medical Association or the American Osteopathic Association). Nurse: Licensed to practice as a Registered Nurse by the Board of Nursing Education and Nurse Registration in California, possession of a Master's Degree in Psychiatric or Public Health Nursing, and two years of nursing experience in a mental health setting. Additional post-baccalaureate nursing experience in a mental health setting may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the educational experience. In accordance with HIPPA, incumbents must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI). Comply with California licensure requirements as outlined by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Other Licenses: Possession of a valid California Class C Driver's License. For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: http://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B23.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES Submit the following application materials to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906. Final Filing Date: Open Until Filled Priority Screening Date: Friday, June 21, 2019 All application material must be received by the priority screening date for a guaranteed review. Applications received after this date will be considered on an as needed basis until the position is filled. Monterey County Employment Application form Response to the Supplemental Questions Copy of Required License(s) Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions, is not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration and not be considered further. Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess the applicant's possession of required qualifications , this recruitment may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination . For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at (831) 755-4519. Or apply on-line at https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/montereycounty NOTE: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodation, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at (831) 755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the U. S. If you are hired into this classification in a temporary position, your salary will be hourly and you will not be eligible for the benefits listed above. BENEFITS: The County offers an excellent benefits package (F Bargaining Unit). A summary of benefits for F Unit can be viewed at: http://www.co.monterey.ca.us/home/showdocument?id=62360 Closing Date/Time: ContinuousMental Health Clinician II-Behavioral Health ServicesSan Joaquin County, CA Stockton, California, usaThisrecruitment is beingheld to fill part time vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Division of the San Joaquin County Health Care Services Department. The Division Behavioral Health Services (BHS) is a division of San Joaquin County Health Care Services and provides an array of mental health and substance use disorder treatment services, primarily for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in San Joaquin County. The department consists of over 800 employees in the following operational divisions: • Administration • Mental Health Services • Mental Health Forensic Services • Adult/Older Adult Services • Inpatient and Crisis Services • Children's Services • Substance Abuse Services • Mental Health Pharmacy Main Campus : 1212 N California St, Stockton, CA 95203 Website : www.sjgov.org/mhs Work Schedule : Positions assigned to the 24-hour services may require working rotating shifts. This work schedule includes nights, weekends, and holidays. Supplement : Positions regularly assigned to direct patient care in the Crisis Stabilization Unit (CSU), Crisis or the Psychiatric Health Facility (PHF) receive a 5% supplement Special Requirement : The Psychiatric Health Facility will perform a background investigation on prospective employees to include criminal background information from State and Federal information banks. Pre-employment Drug Screening : Potential new hires into this classification are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made unless the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EITHER PATTERN I Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) issued by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. OR PATTERN II Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid California license as a Psychologist issued by the California Board of Psychology. AND FOR BOTH PATTERNS Education : Graduation from an accredited university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), or Psychologist. License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Selection Procedures Applicants for part-time and temporary recruitments who meet the minimum qualifications are either referred to the hiring department for further selection or they may be required to take a written examination. If a written examination is given, the top candidates may be referred to the hiring department for further selection. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Physical Exam : Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-employment Drug Screening Exam : Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when: They are related to the Appointing Authority, or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other Department Heads may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job, you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Part TimeThisrecruitment is beingheld to fill part time vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Division of the San Joaquin County Health Care Services Department. The Division Behavioral Health Services (BHS) is a division of San Joaquin County Health Care Services and provides an array of mental health and substance use disorder treatment services, primarily for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in San Joaquin County. The department consists of over 800 employees in the following operational divisions: • Administration • Mental Health Services • Mental Health Forensic Services • Adult/Older Adult Services • Inpatient and Crisis Services • Children's Services • Substance Abuse Services • Mental Health Pharmacy Main Campus : 1212 N California St, Stockton, CA 95203 Website : www.sjgov.org/mhs Work Schedule : Positions assigned to the 24-hour services may require working rotating shifts. This work schedule includes nights, weekends, and holidays. Supplement : Positions regularly assigned to direct patient care in the Crisis Stabilization Unit (CSU), Crisis or the Psychiatric Health Facility (PHF) receive a 5% supplement Special Requirement : The Psychiatric Health Facility will perform a background investigation on prospective employees to include criminal background information from State and Federal information banks. Pre-employment Drug Screening : Potential new hires into this classification are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made unless the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EITHER PATTERN I Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) issued by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. OR PATTERN II Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid California license as a Psychologist issued by the California Board of Psychology. AND FOR BOTH PATTERNS Education : Graduation from an accredited university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), or Psychologist. License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Selection Procedures Applicants for part-time and temporary recruitments who meet the minimum qualifications are either referred to the hiring department for further selection or they may be required to take a written examination. If a written examination is given, the top candidates may be referred to the hiring department for further selection. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Physical Exam : Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-employment Drug Screening Exam : Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when: They are related to the Appointing Authority, or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other Department Heads may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job, you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousMental Health Clinician I-Behavioral Health ServicesSan Joaquin County, CA Stockton, California, usaThisrecruitment is beingheld to fill several part-time vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Division of the Health Care Services Departmentand to establisha referral list to fill future vacancies. Candidates must pass a pre-employment drug screening prior to being considered for this position. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education : Graduation from an accredited school or university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC). License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Special Requirements : Must possess and maintain current and active registration with the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences as an Associate Clinical Social Worker (ASW), Marriage and Family Therapist Intern (MFTI), or Professional Clinical Counselor Intern (PCCI). Employees hired by the County after January 14, 2015, must obtain California licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) within three (3) years of appointment. Failure to meet these requirements may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal from employment. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS Mobility - frequent operation of a keyboard, sitting for long periods of time, walking; occasional standing for long periods of time, pushing/pulling, bending/squatting and stair climbing; Lifting - frequent lifting of 5 lbs. or less; Visual - constant use of overall vision, hand/eye coordination, depth perception and reading/close-up work; frequent need for color perception and field of vision/peripheral; Dexterity - frequent holding, reaching, grasping, repetitive motion and writing; Hearing/Talking - constant hearing of normal speech, talking in person and talking on the telephone; frequent hearing on a telephone/radio; occasional hearing of faint sounds and talking over a public address system; Emotional/Psychological Factors - constant public contact, decision-making and concentration; frequent exposure to emergency situations; occasional exposure to trauma, grief or death; Environmental and Other Conditions - frequent work in an indoor office environment; occasional exposure to noise, varied outdoor weather conditions; occasional working alone, working weekends/nights, and/or work-related travel. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Selection Procedures Applicants for part-time and temporary recruitments who meet the minimum qualifications are either referred to the hiring department for further selection or they may be required to take a written examination. If a written examination is given, the top candidates may be referred to the hiring department for further selection. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Physical Exam : Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-employment Drug Screening Exam : Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when: They are related to the Appointing Authority, or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other Department Heads may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job, you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Part TimeThisrecruitment is beingheld to fill several part-time vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Division of the Health Care Services Departmentand to establisha referral list to fill future vacancies. Candidates must pass a pre-employment drug screening prior to being considered for this position. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education : Graduation from an accredited school or university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC). License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Special Requirements : Must possess and maintain current and active registration with the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences as an Associate Clinical Social Worker (ASW), Marriage and Family Therapist Intern (MFTI), or Professional Clinical Counselor Intern (PCCI). Employees hired by the County after January 14, 2015, must obtain California licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) within three (3) years of appointment. Failure to meet these requirements may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal from employment. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS Mobility - frequent operation of a keyboard, sitting for long periods of time, walking; occasional standing for long periods of time, pushing/pulling, bending/squatting and stair climbing; Lifting - frequent lifting of 5 lbs. or less; Visual - constant use of overall vision, hand/eye coordination, depth perception and reading/close-up work; frequent need for color perception and field of vision/peripheral; Dexterity - frequent holding, reaching, grasping, repetitive motion and writing; Hearing/Talking - constant hearing of normal speech, talking in person and talking on the telephone; frequent hearing on a telephone/radio; occasional hearing of faint sounds and talking over a public address system; Emotional/Psychological Factors - constant public contact, decision-making and concentration; frequent exposure to emergency situations; occasional exposure to trauma, grief or death; Environmental and Other Conditions - frequent work in an indoor office environment; occasional exposure to noise, varied outdoor weather conditions; occasional working alone, working weekends/nights, and/or work-related travel. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Selection Procedures Applicants for part-time and temporary recruitments who meet the minimum qualifications are either referred to the hiring department for further selection or they may be required to take a written examination. If a written examination is given, the top candidates may be referred to the hiring department for further selection. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Physical Exam : Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-employment Drug Screening Exam : Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when: They are related to the Appointing Authority, or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other Department Heads may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job, you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousHayward Promise Neighborhood (HPN) Outreach Coordinator (Temporary) (5885)Cal State University (CSU) East Bay 25800 Carlos Bee Boulevard, Hayward, CA 94542, USADescription: SALARY AND BENEFITS: The starting salary will be between $3,288.00/month to $4,200.00/month. Cal State East Bay offers a broad range of benefits that includes medical, dental, vision, retirement (CalPERS), 401k, 457, 403(b), dependent and health care reimbursement accounts, life insurance, vacation and sick, 13 paid holidays, one personal holiday and tuition fee waiver. For more information on the benefits program, please visit http://www.csueastbay.edu/af/departments/hr/benefits/index.html ABOUT CAL STATE EAST BAY: Cal State East Bay's beautiful main campus is located in the Hayward hills with panoramic views of the San Francisco Bay shoreline. Situated above the city of Hayward, the campus offers an ideal setting for teaching and learning and yet easy access to the many cities along the bay. The University has a satellite campus in Concord, a professional development center in Oakland and a significant presence online. Founded in 1957, Cal State East Bay is one of 23 universities of the California State University system (CSU). With an enrollment over 15,800 students, Cal State East Bay is recognized as a regionally engaged and globally oriented university with a strong commitment to academic innovation, student success, engaged and service learning, diversity, and sustainability. ABOUT THE POSITION: Under the direction of Educational Psychology's Community Counseling Clinic's (CCC) Co-Directors, the Outreach Coordinator will conduct outreach to Hayward Promise Neighborhood community members, schools, and agencies. In addition, he/she will assist in the day-to-day operations of the clinic. The Hayward Promise Neighborhood (HPN) Outreach Coordinator will conduct outreach and coordinate efforts with the campus, HPN schools, and agencies to systematize the Educational Psychology's Community Counseling Clinic's School Counseling/Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT) and School Psychology/Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT) trainees' mental health counseling responsiveness to community members, provide on-campus presentations and initial screenings, and assist in data collection and reports relating to the goals of the program. The Outreach Coordinator will assist in trainings, presentations, wellness events, and prevention projects for HPN students and their families. The Outreach Coordinator will assist the Community Counseling Clinic (CCC) in the daily operations, such as consulting with trainees, providing trainings, scheduling, attending advisory meetings, preparing reports, updating clinical forms and handbook. This is a temporary, full-time position through June 30, 2021, with the possibility of reappointment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Recruit Hayward Promise Neighborhood (HPN) children and families, which may include but is not limited to, coordinating and attending events such as the Hayward Street Party, on and off-campus career fairs, etc.; disseminate brochures and handouts; collaborate with campus-wide student organizations and the community-at-large to make parents and children aware of the resources available. Meet with parents and families to present information about the services offered by Hayward Promise Neighborhood. Schedule Community Counseling Clinic (CCC) student assistant participation at outreach events. Train CCC student assistants to volunteer at the outreach events. Contact and meet with (6) HPN school's Vice Principal and/or school counselor to provide presentations and information about HPN (schools include: Hayward High, Tennyson High, Winton Middle, Cesar Chavez Middle, Park Elementary and Harder Elementary schools). (Meetings are normally once per quarter, per school). Attend off-site meetings to provide insights about HPN services and offer counseling services for trainees, which may include but not limited to HPN school's weekly COST meetings, Cradle to Career and Early Network Learning meetings. These are HPN initiatives to support early academic development, secondary transitions, and career development. Organize and coordinate outreach events at the HPN Schools and agencies to promote the Community Counseling Clinic (CCC). Agencies may Include but not limited to Hayward Unified School District (HUSO), First Five of Alameda County (First 5), City of Hayward (GOH), etc. Involvement in the data collection process (e.g., documenting the number of clients served, the number of schools staff attended, the number of counselor interns placed at HPN schools, the number of hours counselor interns worked at the schools, the number of students the counselor interns served, track the progress of HPN clients, etc.). Then, prepare quarterly HPN report that summarizes the data. Organize, coordinate, and collaborate in STEP (Systematic Training for Effective Parenting) training, an 8-week parenting class via zoom or in person, co-taught by student trainees. (Must be present at all classes). Assist Co-Director in the day-to-day operations of the CCC, which includes editing the CCC Handbook, updating clinical forms, scheduling work hours, training student assistants/work study for desk duty each Fall semester, and providing clinical consultation to counselor trainees, as well as CCC Federal work study students. Assist Co-Director with the ongoing implementation of a social marketing campaign aimed at specific HPN/CCC grant deliverables. Assist Co-Director in assessing children and family needs, recommend program priorities and goals and develop clinical plans to achieve those goals. Participate in monthly CCC Advisory Council meetings to brief and discuss day-to-day operations progress and to problem-solve operation challenges that may arise. Assist with preparing the CCC Annual Reporting results for the CCC Advisory Council. Data assessments include confidential and culturally sensitive information and data outcomes. Assist Co-Director with outreach programs by collaborating with the community, campus organizations, etc. Coordinate outreach activities through workshops, presentations, on and off-site wellness events, and prevention projects. Order office supplies and maintain inventory. Submit University service desk tickets. Submit orders to duplicating services for brochures, fliers, forms, etc. Coordinate with IT to ensure information on CCC website is up to date. Monitor client-related data entry, filing and light bookkeeping completed by Student Assistants. Opportunity for supervised collection of MFT hours with CCC clients (hours and caseload pending agreement with supervisor) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Requires general knowledge and skills in the applicable administrative and/or program field with a foundational knowledge of public administration principles, practices, and methods. This foundation would normally be obtained through a bachelor's degree and/or equivalent training and administrative work experience involving study, analysis, and/or evaluation leading to the development or improvement of administrative policies, procedures, practices, or programs. PREFERRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE: * Bachelor's of Science in Psychology, Social Work, Counseling, or related field * Masters in Counseling or related field (or in the process of obtaining), professional license or credential such as Associate Marriage and Family Therapist (AMFT), Licensed Clinical Professional Counselor (LPCC), Pupil Personnel Services (PPS) or Licensed Clinical Social Worker with ability to consult (under supervision of CCC faculty and clinical supervisors) with CCC trainees regarding cases. * Knowledge of Board of Behavioral Sciences (BBS), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA), and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) requirements. * Ability to maintain a professional demeanor at all times and display strong campus, schools, and community relationship skills in representing Educational Psychology's Community Counseling Clinic (CCC). * Ability to work in a confidential environment, maintain client confidentiality, and work within legal and ethical guidelines. * Excellent written, oral, and presentation skills. * Strong computer/technology skills (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) * Excellent interpersonal skills in a multicultural environment, with emphasis on social justice and human rights. * Ability to use statistical analysis software for data analysis and online surveys. * Strong organizational skills and detail oriented. * Ability to work irregular hours, including some evenings, weekends, and off-campus. * Ability to calmly respond to crisis situations * Maintain professional boundaries with CCC clients, trainees, and student assistants. * Ability to consult with Clinical Supervisors as needed. * Ability to share constructive ideas for the improvement of the CCC. HOW TO APPLY: In addition to the standard Cal State East Bay application, please submit a: 1. Cover letter 2. Resume 3. List of three (3) or more professional references Resumes alone will not be accepted in lieu of a completed online application. To apply on-line, please go to www.csueastbay.edu/jobs. If you are a first time user, you must register, create a user ID and password, fill in your basic information, save and click on the position you are interested in, click on the \"Apply Now\" button to begin the online application. This position will remain open until filled and may close without further notice. Applicants will receive a confirmation of receipt via automatic email reply regarding their application materials. In addition, all applicants who were not selected will receive email notification at the conclusion of the recruitment process. Please be patient as this process may take several weeks. CONDITION(S) OF EMPLOYMENT: Satisfactory completion of a background check that may include, but is not limited to: criminal records check, verification of academic credentials, licenses, certificates, credit history, professional references and/or verification of work history is required for employment. Cal State East Bay will issue a conditional offer of employment to the selected candidate, which may be rescinded if the background check reveals disqualifying information, and/or it is discovered that the candidate knowingly withheld or falsified information. Unsatisfactory results may also affect the continued employment of current Cal State East Bay employees who were conditionally offered the position. All background checks are conducted through the university's third party vendor, Accurate. OTHER INFORMATION: All California State University campuses, including Cal State East Bay, are smoke and tobacco-free. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.csueastbay.edu/smokeandtobaccofree/ In compliance with state and federal crime awareness and campus security legislation, including The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act, the Cal State East Bay Annual Campus Security Report is available at: http://www.csueastbay.edu/upd/safety-and-security-reports.html MANDATED REPORTER: The incumbent in this position may be considered a mandated reporter under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and will be required to comply with requirements set forth in the CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. SPONSORSHIP: Cal State East Bay is not a sponsoring agency for Staff or Management positions. EEO STATEMENT: As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Cal State East Bay does not discriminate on the basis of any protected categories: age, ancestry, citizenship, color, disability, gender, immigration status, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, or veteran's status. The University is committed to the principles of diversity in employment and to creating a stimulating learning environment for its diverse student body. Closing Date/Time: Open until filledDec 01, 2020Full TimeDescription: SALARY AND BENEFITS: The starting salary will be between $3,288.00/month to $4,200.00/month. Cal State East Bay offers a broad range of benefits that includes medical, dental, vision, retirement (CalPERS), 401k, 457, 403(b), dependent and health care reimbursement accounts, life insurance, vacation and sick, 13 paid holidays, one personal holiday and tuition fee waiver. For more information on the benefits program, please visit http://www.csueastbay.edu/af/departments/hr/benefits/index.html ABOUT CAL STATE EAST BAY: Cal State East Bay's beautiful main campus is located in the Hayward hills with panoramic views of the San Francisco Bay shoreline. Situated above the city of Hayward, the campus offers an ideal setting for teaching and learning and yet easy access to the many cities along the bay. The University has a satellite campus in Concord, a professional development center in Oakland and a significant presence online. Founded in 1957, Cal State East Bay is one of 23 universities of the California State University system (CSU). With an enrollment over 15,800 students, Cal State East Bay is recognized as a regionally engaged and globally oriented university with a strong commitment to academic innovation, student success, engaged and service learning, diversity, and sustainability. ABOUT THE POSITION: Under the direction of Educational Psychology's Community Counseling Clinic's (CCC) Co-Directors, the Outreach Coordinator will conduct outreach to Hayward Promise Neighborhood community members, schools, and agencies. In addition, he/she will assist in the day-to-day operations of the clinic. The Hayward Promise Neighborhood (HPN) Outreach Coordinator will conduct outreach and coordinate efforts with the campus, HPN schools, and agencies to systematize the Educational Psychology's Community Counseling Clinic's School Counseling/Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT) and School Psychology/Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT) trainees' mental health counseling responsiveness to community members, provide on-campus presentations and initial screenings, and assist in data collection and reports relating to the goals of the program. The Outreach Coordinator will assist in trainings, presentations, wellness events, and prevention projects for HPN students and their families. The Outreach Coordinator will assist the Community Counseling Clinic (CCC) in the daily operations, such as consulting with trainees, providing trainings, scheduling, attending advisory meetings, preparing reports, updating clinical forms and handbook. This is a temporary, full-time position through June 30, 2021, with the possibility of reappointment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Recruit Hayward Promise Neighborhood (HPN) children and families, which may include but is not limited to, coordinating and attending events such as the Hayward Street Party, on and off-campus career fairs, etc.; disseminate brochures and handouts; collaborate with campus-wide student organizations and the community-at-large to make parents and children aware of the resources available. Meet with parents and families to present information about the services offered by Hayward Promise Neighborhood. Schedule Community Counseling Clinic (CCC) student assistant participation at outreach events. Train CCC student assistants to volunteer at the outreach events. Contact and meet with (6) HPN school's Vice Principal and/or school counselor to provide presentations and information about HPN (schools include: Hayward High, Tennyson High, Winton Middle, Cesar Chavez Middle, Park Elementary and Harder Elementary schools). (Meetings are normally once per quarter, per school). Attend off-site meetings to provide insights about HPN services and offer counseling services for trainees, which may include but not limited to HPN school's weekly COST meetings, Cradle to Career and Early Network Learning meetings. These are HPN initiatives to support early academic development, secondary transitions, and career development. Organize and coordinate outreach events at the HPN Schools and agencies to promote the Community Counseling Clinic (CCC). Agencies may Include but not limited to Hayward Unified School District (HUSO), First Five of Alameda County (First 5), City of Hayward (GOH), etc. Involvement in the data collection process (e.g., documenting the number of clients served, the number of schools staff attended, the number of counselor interns placed at HPN schools, the number of hours counselor interns worked at the schools, the number of students the counselor interns served, track the progress of HPN clients, etc.). Then, prepare quarterly HPN report that summarizes the data. Organize, coordinate, and collaborate in STEP (Systematic Training for Effective Parenting) training, an 8-week parenting class via zoom or in person, co-taught by student trainees. (Must be present at all classes). Assist Co-Director in the day-to-day operations of the CCC, which includes editing the CCC Handbook, updating clinical forms, scheduling work hours, training student assistants/work study for desk duty each Fall semester, and providing clinical consultation to counselor trainees, as well as CCC Federal work study students. Assist Co-Director with the ongoing implementation of a social marketing campaign aimed at specific HPN/CCC grant deliverables. Assist Co-Director in assessing children and family needs, recommend program priorities and goals and develop clinical plans to achieve those goals. Participate in monthly CCC Advisory Council meetings to brief and discuss day-to-day operations progress and to problem-solve operation challenges that may arise. Assist with preparing the CCC Annual Reporting results for the CCC Advisory Council. Data assessments include confidential and culturally sensitive information and data outcomes. Assist Co-Director with outreach programs by collaborating with the community, campus organizations, etc. Coordinate outreach activities through workshops, presentations, on and off-site wellness events, and prevention projects. Order office supplies and maintain inventory. Submit University service desk tickets. Submit orders to duplicating services for brochures, fliers, forms, etc. Coordinate with IT to ensure information on CCC website is up to date. Monitor client-related data entry, filing and light bookkeeping completed by Student Assistants. Opportunity for supervised collection of MFT hours with CCC clients (hours and caseload pending agreement with supervisor) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Requires general knowledge and skills in the applicable administrative and/or program field with a foundational knowledge of public administration principles, practices, and methods. This foundation would normally be obtained through a bachelor's degree and/or equivalent training and administrative work experience involving study, analysis, and/or evaluation leading to the development or improvement of administrative policies, procedures, practices, or programs. PREFERRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE: * Bachelor's of Science in Psychology, Social Work, Counseling, or related field * Masters in Counseling or related field (or in the process of obtaining), professional license or credential such as Associate Marriage and Family Therapist (AMFT), Licensed Clinical Professional Counselor (LPCC), Pupil Personnel Services (PPS) or Licensed Clinical Social Worker with ability to consult (under supervision of CCC faculty and clinical supervisors) with CCC trainees regarding cases. * Knowledge of Board of Behavioral Sciences (BBS), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA), and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) requirements. * Ability to maintain a professional demeanor at all times and display strong campus, schools, and community relationship skills in representing Educational Psychology's Community Counseling Clinic (CCC). * Ability to work in a confidential environment, maintain client confidentiality, and work within legal and ethical guidelines. * Excellent written, oral, and presentation skills. * Strong computer/technology skills (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) * Excellent interpersonal skills in a multicultural environment, with emphasis on social justice and human rights. * Ability to use statistical analysis software for data analysis and online surveys. * Strong organizational skills and detail oriented. * Ability to work irregular hours, including some evenings, weekends, and off-campus. * Ability to calmly respond to crisis situations * Maintain professional boundaries with CCC clients, trainees, and student assistants. * Ability to consult with Clinical Supervisors as needed. * Ability to share constructive ideas for the improvement of the CCC. HOW TO APPLY: In addition to the standard Cal State East Bay application, please submit a: 1. Cover letter 2. Resume 3. List of three (3) or more professional references Resumes alone will not be accepted in lieu of a completed online application. To apply on-line, please go to www.csueastbay.edu/jobs. If you are a first time user, you must register, create a user ID and password, fill in your basic information, save and click on the position you are interested in, click on the \"Apply Now\" button to begin the online application. This position will remain open until filled and may close without further notice. Applicants will receive a confirmation of receipt via automatic email reply regarding their application materials. In addition, all applicants who were not selected will receive email notification at the conclusion of the recruitment process. Please be patient as this process may take several weeks. CONDITION(S) OF EMPLOYMENT: Satisfactory completion of a background check that may include, but is not limited to: criminal records check, verification of academic credentials, licenses, certificates, credit history, professional references and/or verification of work history is required for employment. Cal State East Bay will issue a conditional offer of employment to the selected candidate, which may be rescinded if the background check reveals disqualifying information, and/or it is discovered that the candidate knowingly withheld or falsified information. Unsatisfactory results may also affect the continued employment of current Cal State East Bay employees who were conditionally offered the position. All background checks are conducted through the university's third party vendor, Accurate. OTHER INFORMATION: All California State University campuses, including Cal State East Bay, are smoke and tobacco-free. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.csueastbay.edu/smokeandtobaccofree/ In compliance with state and federal crime awareness and campus security legislation, including The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act, the Cal State East Bay Annual Campus Security Report is available at: http://www.csueastbay.edu/upd/safety-and-security-reports.html MANDATED REPORTER: The incumbent in this position may be considered a mandated reporter under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and will be required to comply with requirements set forth in the CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. SPONSORSHIP: Cal State East Bay is not a sponsoring agency for Staff or Management positions. EEO STATEMENT: As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Cal State East Bay does not discriminate on the basis of any protected categories: age, ancestry, citizenship, color, disability, gender, immigration status, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, or veteran's status. The University is committed to the principles of diversity in employment and to creating a stimulating learning environment for its diverse student body. Closing Date/Time: Open until filledPsychiatric Social Worker IIMonterey County Human Resources Salinas, California, United StatesPosition Description Open Date: March 6, 2020 Final Filing Date: Continuous Exam # 20/60B21/03KK SUMMARY OF POSITION The Monterey County Health Department , Behavioral Health Bureau is seeking enthusiastic Licensed Clinical Social Workers (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) candidates to work as part of care teams serving children, youth and adults as a Psychiatric Social Worker II. The Psychiatric Social Worker II is the advanced level position for the Psychiatric Social Worker series. Candidates appointed to the Psychiatric Social Worker II level are expected to perform high quality psychiatric assessments, diagnosis and clinical interventions in inpatient and community settings to children, adolescents, and adults. The Behavioral Health Bureau is a progressive agency that serves children, youth, adults and their families with System of Care values of being community based, culturally relevant, client and family centered and using clinical evidence based practices to support clients in the wellness and recovery of their mental illness. Children's System of Care provides an array of clinical services from age's birth to 25 years of age and their families. Clinical teams include Early Childhood Services, Transition Age Youth, Post Hospitalization Support, as well clinical teams that partner with Child Welfare, Education and Juvenile Probation. Adult System of Care provides a wide range of comprehensive integrated care to adults with serious mental illness, co-occurring substance use, primary care and other complex issues. Embracing the values and goals of wellness and recovery, the multi-disciplinary teams work together to provide the following types of services; i.e. psycho-social rehabilitation, strength-based case management, crisis intervention, supported employment, supported housing, substance use recovery, family support and community integration. Clinical teams include outpatient care coordination in Marina and Salinas; forensic services, and the mental health unit. Access to Treatment provides an array of clinical services for all ages and their families. Clinical services include assessment, intervention, individual and group services. Linkage and referral to community resources and Children and Adult systems of care. Crisis Team: The ED Crisis Team is responsible for psychiatric evaluations of clients in the Emergency Department and assisting to determine the appropriate level of care for those patients; which may include 5150, outpatient treatment or placement in another facility. The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following knowledge, skills and abilities: Knowledge of: Current philosophy, principles, and practices for services to clients with serious mental illness or severe emotional disturbance. Individual, group and family psychodynamics as they relate to adults or children. Psychological diagnostic methods and terminology. Personality development from infancy through adulthood. Public Mental Health Policy and Welfare and Institutions Codes that provides guidelines for human and health services systems in the County. Community resources available to consumers for linkage. Skill and Ability to: Provide treatment to adults, children or adolescents with various mental disabilities ranging from serious mental illness to dysfunctional behavior patterns including victims of sexual and physical abuse. Provide services utilizing evidence-based practice skills. Lead treatment planning meetings for clinical staff. In conjunction with the consumer, develop realistic, attainable and measurable service plans and facilitate their attainment. Evaluate the degree of community functioning and/or emotional distress of consumers. Communicate effectively orally and in writing and be able to complete work using electronic format. Ensure time sensitive documentation submitted with established guidelines. Provide consultation and mentor staff on best practices. Provide consultation and technical assistance to agencies, schools, and other organizations. Work collaboratively within a multi-disciplinary team. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Demonstrate cultural humility Demonstrate a solid understanding of mental health disorders and treatment Demonstrate an understanding of substance use disorders and treatment Strong application of diagnostic skills using DSM 5 Strong ability to apply and utilize evidence-based and best-practice interventions Strong assessment skills Develop and maintain positive partnerships within the agency and in the community Demonstrate ability to identify treatment needs and work collaboratively with other team members Ability to be flexible Develop and maintain positive relationships with community partners Commitment to integrity, respect, innovation, health equity, and excellence Examples of Experience/Education/Training EXAMPLES OF EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION/TRAINING : The skills necessary may be acquired through various types of education, training, and/or experience, typically: Education: Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE) Required Conditions of Employment: The Health Department will conduct a thorough background and reference check process which includes a Department of Justice fingerprint check. Possess and maintain a valid California Class C Driver's License with a satisfactory driving record or ability to provide suitable transportation approved by the appointing authority. Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE). In accordance with HIPPAA, incumbent must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI). Comply with the California licensure requirements as outlined by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Pursuant to Section 5751.2 of the Welfare and Institutions Code, possession of any one of the following: Possession of a current California License as a Clinical Social Worker, Licensed Marriage Family Child Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Psychologist For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B21.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES TO APPLY : Submit the following to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906 Monterey County Employment Application form Responses to the Supplemental Questions Or apply on-line at https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/find-a-job Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions are not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration. Resumes may be submitted in addition to, but will not be accepted in lieu of, required application materials . Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess applicant's possession of required qualifications, this examination may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination. For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519. SPECIAL NOTES: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodations, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at 831-755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the United States. If you are hired into this classification in a temporary position, your salary will be hourly and you will not be eligible for the benefits listed below. BENEFITS: The County offers an excellent benefits package (Unit K) The County of Monterey offers a premium benefit package that includes 22 days of annual leave; 11 paid public holidays per year; health, dental, vision; life insurance; and CalPERS retirement. For more benefits information please contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519 See the Unit K Benefit Summary sheet at https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/benefits/benefit-summary-sheet for more information. The information listed above is a general summary of benefits for this position. This information is not legally binding, nor does it serve as a contract. The benefits listed in the Monterey County Personnel Policies and Practices Resolution and any applicable Memoranda of Understanding prevail over this listing. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Full TimePosition Description Open Date: March 6, 2020 Final Filing Date: Continuous Exam # 20/60B21/03KK SUMMARY OF POSITION The Monterey County Health Department , Behavioral Health Bureau is seeking enthusiastic Licensed Clinical Social Workers (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) candidates to work as part of care teams serving children, youth and adults as a Psychiatric Social Worker II. The Psychiatric Social Worker II is the advanced level position for the Psychiatric Social Worker series. Candidates appointed to the Psychiatric Social Worker II level are expected to perform high quality psychiatric assessments, diagnosis and clinical interventions in inpatient and community settings to children, adolescents, and adults. The Behavioral Health Bureau is a progressive agency that serves children, youth, adults and their families with System of Care values of being community based, culturally relevant, client and family centered and using clinical evidence based practices to support clients in the wellness and recovery of their mental illness. Children's System of Care provides an array of clinical services from age's birth to 25 years of age and their families. Clinical teams include Early Childhood Services, Transition Age Youth, Post Hospitalization Support, as well clinical teams that partner with Child Welfare, Education and Juvenile Probation. Adult System of Care provides a wide range of comprehensive integrated care to adults with serious mental illness, co-occurring substance use, primary care and other complex issues. Embracing the values and goals of wellness and recovery, the multi-disciplinary teams work together to provide the following types of services; i.e. psycho-social rehabilitation, strength-based case management, crisis intervention, supported employment, supported housing, substance use recovery, family support and community integration. Clinical teams include outpatient care coordination in Marina and Salinas; forensic services, and the mental health unit. Access to Treatment provides an array of clinical services for all ages and their families. Clinical services include assessment, intervention, individual and group services. Linkage and referral to community resources and Children and Adult systems of care. Crisis Team: The ED Crisis Team is responsible for psychiatric evaluations of clients in the Emergency Department and assisting to determine the appropriate level of care for those patients; which may include 5150, outpatient treatment or placement in another facility. The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following knowledge, skills and abilities: Knowledge of: Current philosophy, principles, and practices for services to clients with serious mental illness or severe emotional disturbance. Individual, group and family psychodynamics as they relate to adults or children. Psychological diagnostic methods and terminology. Personality development from infancy through adulthood. Public Mental Health Policy and Welfare and Institutions Codes that provides guidelines for human and health services systems in the County. Community resources available to consumers for linkage. Skill and Ability to: Provide treatment to adults, children or adolescents with various mental disabilities ranging from serious mental illness to dysfunctional behavior patterns including victims of sexual and physical abuse. Provide services utilizing evidence-based practice skills. Lead treatment planning meetings for clinical staff. In conjunction with the consumer, develop realistic, attainable and measurable service plans and facilitate their attainment. Evaluate the degree of community functioning and/or emotional distress of consumers. Communicate effectively orally and in writing and be able to complete work using electronic format. Ensure time sensitive documentation submitted with established guidelines. Provide consultation and mentor staff on best practices. Provide consultation and technical assistance to agencies, schools, and other organizations. Work collaboratively within a multi-disciplinary team. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Demonstrate cultural humility Demonstrate a solid understanding of mental health disorders and treatment Demonstrate an understanding of substance use disorders and treatment Strong application of diagnostic skills using DSM 5 Strong ability to apply and utilize evidence-based and best-practice interventions Strong assessment skills Develop and maintain positive partnerships within the agency and in the community Demonstrate ability to identify treatment needs and work collaboratively with other team members Ability to be flexible Develop and maintain positive relationships with community partners Commitment to integrity, respect, innovation, health equity, and excellence Examples of Experience/Education/Training EXAMPLES OF EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION/TRAINING : The skills necessary may be acquired through various types of education, training, and/or experience, typically: Education: Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE) Required Conditions of Employment: The Health Department will conduct a thorough background and reference check process which includes a Department of Justice fingerprint check. Possess and maintain a valid California Class C Driver's License with a satisfactory driving record or ability to provide suitable transportation approved by the appointing authority. Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE). In accordance with HIPPAA, incumbent must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI). Comply with the California licensure requirements as outlined by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Pursuant to Section 5751.2 of the Welfare and Institutions Code, possession of any one of the following: Possession of a current California License as a Clinical Social Worker, Licensed Marriage Family Child Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Psychologist For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B21.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES TO APPLY : Submit the following to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906 Monterey County Employment Application form Responses to the Supplemental Questions Or apply on-line at https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/find-a-job Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions are not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration. Resumes may be submitted in addition to, but will not be accepted in lieu of, required application materials . Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess applicant's possession of required qualifications, this examination may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination. For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519. SPECIAL NOTES: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodations, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at 831-755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the United States. If you are hired into this classification in a temporary position, your salary will be hourly and you will not be eligible for the benefits listed below. BENEFITS: The County offers an excellent benefits package (Unit K) The County of Monterey offers a premium benefit package that includes 22 days of annual leave; 11 paid public holidays per year; health, dental, vision; life insurance; and CalPERS retirement. For more benefits information please contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519 See the Unit K Benefit Summary sheet at https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/benefits/benefit-summary-sheet for more information. The information listed above is a general summary of benefits for this position. This information is not legally binding, nor does it serve as a contract. The benefits listed in the Monterey County Personnel Policies and Practices Resolution and any applicable Memoranda of Understanding prevail over this listing. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousClient Services Practitioner - IIPLACER COUNTY, CA Auburn, CA, United StatesIntroduction This continuous recruitment will remain open for the calendar year, or until the final filing date, whichever occurs first. The eligible list established from this continuous recruitment will expire by the end of the calendar year. Applicants will be eligible to reapply and take an examination if a new recruitment opens the following calendar year. Applications in this recruitment are screened on a weekly basis. This recruitment may be used to fill both open and promotional vacancies in various County departments as they arise, subject to specific position requirements. *Temporary/Extra Help assignments are limited to working 28 hours per week with a cap of 999 hours or 960 hours for CalPERS retired annuitants in a fiscal year and are not eligible for benefits. Extra-help appointments made from this eligible list may transition to permanent status, should vacancies arise. Upon successful completion of a foreign language proficiency exam, an additional 5% bilingual pay will be paid to employees who use a second language on a regular basis in the normal course of business. POSITION INFORMATION Placer County Health and Human Services is currently recruiting for permanent and extra-help/temporary positions in the classification Client Services Practitioner II (Master Degree Social Worker/Clinician). Assignments are in the following services areas within Adult System of Care, Children's System of Care and Public Health divisions: Child Welfare Services Mental Health Substance Use Disorders Homeless Services Employment Older Adult Services Public Health Whole Person Care (physical, behavioral health and social services) Emergency After-Hours/Child Protective Services Response Co-Occurring Diagnosis Criminogenic/Forensic Perinatal Wraparound (Children Services) Adoption/Permanency This is a journey level position and applicants are encouraged to include relevant education and a description of professional social work and/or child welfare experience when responding to the supplemental questionnaire. Your application materials and assignment preference(s) may be used by the hiring authority when selecting candidates to interview. Client Services Practitioners perform a broad spectrum of duties ranging from providing direct services/case management support to those faced with difficult situations, emotional stresses, or significant changes in their lives to clinically diagnosing emotional, behavioral or mental health disorders in individuals. Not only do Client Services Practitioners assist individuals to cope with the situation at hand, they advocate for them and seek out valuable resources and other means of support for the affected person(s). BENEFITS Placer County offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees. The following information represents benefits currently available to permanent Placer County employees and may be subject to change. Applicants should inquire as to the most current benefit package during hiring interviews or by contacting the Human Resources Department. Click here to view Professional benefits For more information regarding the benefits Placer County has to offer please visit Placer County's Human Resources website. DEFINITION To provide responsible and professional social services and/or clinical treatment of an advanced nature to a variety of clients with identified needs including clients with mental health concerns, diagnosed mentally ill clients, substance abusers and/or clients who are homeless; to provide counseling to individuals and groups; to perform crisis intervention as appropriate; to participate in the development and implementation of various treatment and outreach services; to investigate, supervise and to place minors in need of protective services; to provide outreach engagement; to develop, coordinate and monitor community-based programs; and to function as an integral and supportive member of assigned departmental and multi-disciplinary team(s). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is the full journey level class within the Client Services Practitioner series. This class is distinguished from the Client Services Practitioner I by the assignment of the full range of duties. Employees at this level receive only occasional instruction or assistance as new or unusual situations arise and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies within the work unit. Positions in this class are flexibly staffed and are normally filled by advancement from the entry level. SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED Receives direction from a program supervisor or other designated management position. May exercise technical and functional supervision over clerical, technical, para-professional and/or other professional staff. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop and administer long or short term treatment plans requiring comprehensive professional knowledge with the goal of improving or restoring individual or family functioning; may include clinical treatments and may determine appropriate method of treatment intervention including program modification. Participate in and/or conduct comprehensive individual and family psychosocial assessments for problem identification and diagnosis; determine acuity of need and recommend appropriate program placement; provide crisis counseling to include authorization for 72-hour emergency in-patient admission as necessary. Prepare and present clinical and/or case management documentation for review by multi-disciplinary team; provide on-going consultation and systematic support for the team in its implementation of treatment programs and individual treatment plans and/or case management. Investigate, intervene and provide a variety of professional services to children or other special needs clients, in circumstances in which the client's physical or emotional welfare is involved including cases of neglect, emotional/behavioral problems, physical/mental disabilities, child welfare, court services, or other conditions that may adversely affect the client. Participate in and/or conduct group, family and individual therapy to include marital and/or family counseling as appropriate to effect positive rehabilitation, solutions, and/or life improvements. Provide highly skilled professional services in counseling, adult and child protective services, family services, community organization, social research and related areas. Perform case management duties including treatment plan monitoring, advocacy, referral and linkage to other needed services and crisis interventions; establish and maintain casework records and documents in accordance with departmental and statutory regulations and procedures; and prepare relevant correspondence and reports, including court reports and/or testimony. Provide outreach, education, and professional consultation to the community, the general public, as well as public and private agencies; conduct training workshops and/or presentations to clients, care providers, community groups, referrals, and the general public. Provide operational oversight of residential facilities or community-based programs to include the administration of budgets as assigned; prepare grant proposals and reports and monitor program activities and expenditures. Conduct home visits; transport clients; and assist with client's financial, budget and daily living activities as appropriate. Develop, maintain and participate in an inter-agency and community networking/referral system; evaluate client needs relative to appropriate program referrals; maintain close communication with contract providers and community service agencies to ensure treatment plan and client needs are being met in a successful manner. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other County employees, community resources, clients, and the general public utilizing principles of effective customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS It is the responsibility of applicants to identify in their application materials how they meet the minimum qualifications listed below. Experience and Training Any combination of experience and training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: Two years of responsible casework or clinical experience performing duties similar to a Client Services Practitioner I with Placer County. Training: A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social work, psychology or counseling which meets the eligibility requirements for licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners. License or Certificate: May require possession of a State of California license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC). NOTE: Applicants receiving their degree outside the United States must submit proof of accreditation by a recognized evaluation agency. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Principles and practices of social work as related to providing mental health, substance abuse services and treatment, child and adult protective services and the multi-disciplinary approach to treatment. Principles and practices used in the development of community-based programs providing treatment and social services. Accepted criteria for clinical diagnosis of emotional and mental disturbances as well as normal and abnormal emotional and mental development to include growth, development and living relationships. Develop and implement community-based programs in treatment and social service; coordinate and monitor program activities to ensure compliance with program outcomes. Principles and practices of casework, including objectives, clinical diagnosis and appropriate documentation. Psychosocial, family, individual and group therapy and counseling treatments and prevention strategies. Physical, social, mental and substance use disorders impact on individual personality and behaviors. Role of social service agencies, both public and private. Legal and regulatory issues related to the operation and delivery of a variety of client services to individuals and groups of all ages and special needs. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, and principles of social work related to child protective services and adult services, risk and safety assessments. Standard and accepted investigative and interviewing techniques and methods. Principles used in preparing grant proposals. Modern office procedures, practices and methods as well as designated computer hardware and software and its applications. Standard and accepted English usage, spelling, punctuation, and grammar in both oral and written forms. Policies and practices of County's Health and Human Services Department as it relates to assigned program area and client services. Community and consultative resources available, both public and private. Pertinent federal, state and local statutes and regulations governing public health and welfare services. Ability to: Understand and carry out a variety of complex oral and written instructions in an independent manner. On a continuous basis, know and understand all aspects of the job and observe safety rules and practices; intermittently review work papers, reports and special projects; identify and problem solve client issues; identify and interpret technical and numerical information; observe and problem solve operational and technical policies and procedures; explain applicable department policies and procedures to applicants and clients. On a continuous basis, sit for long periods of time or while driving; intermittently walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel while retrieving or returning files, documents and supplies and making copies; walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel, climb or twist while conducting home/site visits or transporting client; twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; see and hear with sufficient acuity to observe and assess physical condition and living environment of client; and lift moderate weight. Identify and conceptualize multiple cause situations and possible consequences; evaluate potential treatment/solutions; determine and initiate most effective course of action. Relate effectively and positively with assigned clients to establish trust and rapport; display empathy. Coordinate and prioritize work and timelines effectively for self and others. Work with various cultural and ethnic groups in a tactful and effective manner. Obtain relevant information through interviews, observations, and the application of standard research methodologies. Perform mathematical calculations accurately to include routine statistical analysis. Use a personal computer and office equipment necessary for successful job performance. Work weekend and evening shifts as needs of program and/or clients require. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties. Develop appropriate treatment plans for a variety of client needs and situations. Perform a variety of professional duties in an independent manner to include all levels of problem-solving and decision-making models. SELECTION PROCEDURE Training & Experience Rating (100%) Based upon responses to the supplemental questionnaire, the applicant's education, training, and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Scores from this evaluation will determine applicant ranking and placement on the eligible list. CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to the date of hire, applicants must undergo a fingerprint test by the Department of Justice, pass a medical examination (which may include a drug screening and possibly a psychological evaluation), sign a constitutional oath, and submit proof of U.S. citizenship or legal right to remain and work in the U.S. For some positions, applicants may also be required to submit proof of age, undergo a background investigation (which may include a voice stress analysis and/or a polygraph), and/or be bonded. Additionally, positions in law enforcement classifications and those supporting law enforcement functions will be required to complete a conviction history questionnaire prior to or during the interview process. Applicants for positions with access to Medi-Cal billing software or who are licensed providers must clear the Federal Exclusion List, credentialing, and social security verification. Failure to clear these requirements may result in an employment offer being withdrawn. SUBSTITUTE LISTS The eligible list resulting from this recruitment may be certified as a substitute list for a substantially similar classification. For this purpose, a substantially similar classification is one at a lower level in the same classification (example: entry level vs. journey level) and/or a similar classification (similar work performed, similar training and experience qualifications required). If you are contacted for an interview by a County department, you will be informed of the classification and other relevant information. If you choose not to interview for a substantially similar classification, you will remain on the eligible list for which you originally applied. EMPLOYEES OF OTHER PUBLIC AGENCIES Placer County offers an expedited process for qualifying certain applicants for interviews. Candidates currently employed, or employed within the last year, by a public agency operating under a personnel civil service or merit system may be eligible to be placed on a Public Agency Eligible List and certified as eligible for appointment to a similar job assignment without going through the examination process. For more information on the Public Agency Eligible List, to download forms, or to apply, please Click here . EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Thank you for your interest in employment with Placer County. Placer County is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. It is the stated policy of Placer County that harassment, discrimination, and retaliation are prohibited and that all employees, applicants, agents, contractors, and interns/volunteers shall receive equal consideration and treatment. All terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, transfer, and promotion will be based on the qualifications of the individual for the positions being filled regardless of gender (including gender identity and expression), sexual orientation, race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics/information), age (40 or over), marital status, military and/or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Please contact the Human Resources Department at least 5 working days before a scheduled examination if you require accommodation in the examination process. Medical disability verification may be required prior to accommodation. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 04, 2021Full TimeIntroduction This continuous recruitment will remain open for the calendar year, or until the final filing date, whichever occurs first. The eligible list established from this continuous recruitment will expire by the end of the calendar year. Applicants will be eligible to reapply and take an examination if a new recruitment opens the following calendar year. Applications in this recruitment are screened on a weekly basis. This recruitment may be used to fill both open and promotional vacancies in various County departments as they arise, subject to specific position requirements. *Temporary/Extra Help assignments are limited to working 28 hours per week with a cap of 999 hours or 960 hours for CalPERS retired annuitants in a fiscal year and are not eligible for benefits. Extra-help appointments made from this eligible list may transition to permanent status, should vacancies arise. Upon successful completion of a foreign language proficiency exam, an additional 5% bilingual pay will be paid to employees who use a second language on a regular basis in the normal course of business. POSITION INFORMATION Placer County Health and Human Services is currently recruiting for permanent and extra-help/temporary positions in the classification Client Services Practitioner II (Master Degree Social Worker/Clinician). Assignments are in the following services areas within Adult System of Care, Children's System of Care and Public Health divisions: Child Welfare Services Mental Health Substance Use Disorders Homeless Services Employment Older Adult Services Public Health Whole Person Care (physical, behavioral health and social services) Emergency After-Hours/Child Protective Services Response Co-Occurring Diagnosis Criminogenic/Forensic Perinatal Wraparound (Children Services) Adoption/Permanency This is a journey level position and applicants are encouraged to include relevant education and a description of professional social work and/or child welfare experience when responding to the supplemental questionnaire. Your application materials and assignment preference(s) may be used by the hiring authority when selecting candidates to interview. Client Services Practitioners perform a broad spectrum of duties ranging from providing direct services/case management support to those faced with difficult situations, emotional stresses, or significant changes in their lives to clinically diagnosing emotional, behavioral or mental health disorders in individuals. Not only do Client Services Practitioners assist individuals to cope with the situation at hand, they advocate for them and seek out valuable resources and other means of support for the affected person(s). BENEFITS Placer County offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees. The following information represents benefits currently available to permanent Placer County employees and may be subject to change. Applicants should inquire as to the most current benefit package during hiring interviews or by contacting the Human Resources Department. Click here to view Professional benefits For more information regarding the benefits Placer County has to offer please visit Placer County's Human Resources website. DEFINITION To provide responsible and professional social services and/or clinical treatment of an advanced nature to a variety of clients with identified needs including clients with mental health concerns, diagnosed mentally ill clients, substance abusers and/or clients who are homeless; to provide counseling to individuals and groups; to perform crisis intervention as appropriate; to participate in the development and implementation of various treatment and outreach services; to investigate, supervise and to place minors in need of protective services; to provide outreach engagement; to develop, coordinate and monitor community-based programs; and to function as an integral and supportive member of assigned departmental and multi-disciplinary team(s). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is the full journey level class within the Client Services Practitioner series. This class is distinguished from the Client Services Practitioner I by the assignment of the full range of duties. Employees at this level receive only occasional instruction or assistance as new or unusual situations arise and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies within the work unit. Positions in this class are flexibly staffed and are normally filled by advancement from the entry level. SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED Receives direction from a program supervisor or other designated management position. May exercise technical and functional supervision over clerical, technical, para-professional and/or other professional staff. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop and administer long or short term treatment plans requiring comprehensive professional knowledge with the goal of improving or restoring individual or family functioning; may include clinical treatments and may determine appropriate method of treatment intervention including program modification. Participate in and/or conduct comprehensive individual and family psychosocial assessments for problem identification and diagnosis; determine acuity of need and recommend appropriate program placement; provide crisis counseling to include authorization for 72-hour emergency in-patient admission as necessary. Prepare and present clinical and/or case management documentation for review by multi-disciplinary team; provide on-going consultation and systematic support for the team in its implementation of treatment programs and individual treatment plans and/or case management. Investigate, intervene and provide a variety of professional services to children or other special needs clients, in circumstances in which the client's physical or emotional welfare is involved including cases of neglect, emotional/behavioral problems, physical/mental disabilities, child welfare, court services, or other conditions that may adversely affect the client. Participate in and/or conduct group, family and individual therapy to include marital and/or family counseling as appropriate to effect positive rehabilitation, solutions, and/or life improvements. Provide highly skilled professional services in counseling, adult and child protective services, family services, community organization, social research and related areas. Perform case management duties including treatment plan monitoring, advocacy, referral and linkage to other needed services and crisis interventions; establish and maintain casework records and documents in accordance with departmental and statutory regulations and procedures; and prepare relevant correspondence and reports, including court reports and/or testimony. Provide outreach, education, and professional consultation to the community, the general public, as well as public and private agencies; conduct training workshops and/or presentations to clients, care providers, community groups, referrals, and the general public. Provide operational oversight of residential facilities or community-based programs to include the administration of budgets as assigned; prepare grant proposals and reports and monitor program activities and expenditures. Conduct home visits; transport clients; and assist with client's financial, budget and daily living activities as appropriate. Develop, maintain and participate in an inter-agency and community networking/referral system; evaluate client needs relative to appropriate program referrals; maintain close communication with contract providers and community service agencies to ensure treatment plan and client needs are being met in a successful manner. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other County employees, community resources, clients, and the general public utilizing principles of effective customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS It is the responsibility of applicants to identify in their application materials how they meet the minimum qualifications listed below. Experience and Training Any combination of experience and training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: Two years of responsible casework or clinical experience performing duties similar to a Client Services Practitioner I with Placer County. Training: A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social work, psychology or counseling which meets the eligibility requirements for licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners. License or Certificate: May require possession of a State of California license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC). NOTE: Applicants receiving their degree outside the United States must submit proof of accreditation by a recognized evaluation agency. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Principles and practices of social work as related to providing mental health, substance abuse services and treatment, child and adult protective services and the multi-disciplinary approach to treatment. Principles and practices used in the development of community-based programs providing treatment and social services. Accepted criteria for clinical diagnosis of emotional and mental disturbances as well as normal and abnormal emotional and mental development to include growth, development and living relationships. Develop and implement community-based programs in treatment and social service; coordinate and monitor program activities to ensure compliance with program outcomes. Principles and practices of casework, including objectives, clinical diagnosis and appropriate documentation. Psychosocial, family, individual and group therapy and counseling treatments and prevention strategies. Physical, social, mental and substance use disorders impact on individual personality and behaviors. Role of social service agencies, both public and private. Legal and regulatory issues related to the operation and delivery of a variety of client services to individuals and groups of all ages and special needs. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, and principles of social work related to child protective services and adult services, risk and safety assessments. Standard and accepted investigative and interviewing techniques and methods. Principles used in preparing grant proposals. Modern office procedures, practices and methods as well as designated computer hardware and software and its applications. Standard and accepted English usage, spelling, punctuation, and grammar in both oral and written forms. Policies and practices of County's Health and Human Services Department as it relates to assigned program area and client services. Community and consultative resources available, both public and private. Pertinent federal, state and local statutes and regulations governing public health and welfare services. Ability to: Understand and carry out a variety of complex oral and written instructions in an independent manner. On a continuous basis, know and understand all aspects of the job and observe safety rules and practices; intermittently review work papers, reports and special projects; identify and problem solve client issues; identify and interpret technical and numerical information; observe and problem solve operational and technical policies and procedures; explain applicable department policies and procedures to applicants and clients. On a continuous basis, sit for long periods of time or while driving; intermittently walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel while retrieving or returning files, documents and supplies and making copies; walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel, climb or twist while conducting home/site visits or transporting client; twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; see and hear with sufficient acuity to observe and assess physical condition and living environment of client; and lift moderate weight. Identify and conceptualize multiple cause situations and possible consequences; evaluate potential treatment/solutions; determine and initiate most effective course of action. Relate effectively and positively with assigned clients to establish trust and rapport; display empathy. Coordinate and prioritize work and timelines effectively for self and others. Work with various cultural and ethnic groups in a tactful and effective manner. Obtain relevant information through interviews, observations, and the application of standard research methodologies. Perform mathematical calculations accurately to include routine statistical analysis. Use a personal computer and office equipment necessary for successful job performance. Work weekend and evening shifts as needs of program and/or clients require. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties. Develop appropriate treatment plans for a variety of client needs and situations. Perform a variety of professional duties in an independent manner to include all levels of problem-solving and decision-making models. SELECTION PROCEDURE Training & Experience Rating (100%) Based upon responses to the supplemental questionnaire, the applicant's education, training, and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Scores from this evaluation will determine applicant ranking and placement on the eligible list. CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to the date of hire, applicants must undergo a fingerprint test by the Department of Justice, pass a medical examination (which may include a drug screening and possibly a psychological evaluation), sign a constitutional oath, and submit proof of U.S. citizenship or legal right to remain and work in the U.S. For some positions, applicants may also be required to submit proof of age, undergo a background investigation (which may include a voice stress analysis and/or a polygraph), and/or be bonded. Additionally, positions in law enforcement classifications and those supporting law enforcement functions will be required to complete a conviction history questionnaire prior to or during the interview process. Applicants for positions with access to Medi-Cal billing software or who are licensed providers must clear the Federal Exclusion List, credentialing, and social security verification. Failure to clear these requirements may result in an employment offer being withdrawn. SUBSTITUTE LISTS The eligible list resulting from this recruitment may be certified as a substitute list for a substantially similar classification. For this purpose, a substantially similar classification is one at a lower level in the same classification (example: entry level vs. journey level) and/or a similar classification (similar work performed, similar training and experience qualifications required). If you are contacted for an interview by a County department, you will be informed of the classification and other relevant information. If you choose not to interview for a substantially similar classification, you will remain on the eligible list for which you originally applied. EMPLOYEES OF OTHER PUBLIC AGENCIES Placer County offers an expedited process for qualifying certain applicants for interviews. Candidates currently employed, or employed within the last year, by a public agency operating under a personnel civil service or merit system may be eligible to be placed on a Public Agency Eligible List and certified as eligible for appointment to a similar job assignment without going through the examination process. For more information on the Public Agency Eligible List, to download forms, or to apply, please Click here . EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Thank you for your interest in employment with Placer County. Placer County is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. It is the stated policy of Placer County that harassment, discrimination, and retaliation are prohibited and that all employees, applicants, agents, contractors, and interns/volunteers shall receive equal consideration and treatment. All terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, transfer, and promotion will be based on the qualifications of the individual for the positions being filled regardless of gender (including gender identity and expression), sexual orientation, race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics/information), age (40 or over), marital status, military and/or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Please contact the Human Resources Department at least 5 working days before a scheduled examination if you require accommodation in the examination process. Medical disability verification may be required prior to accommodation. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousClient Services Practitioner - IPLACER COUNTY, CA Auburn, CA, United StatesIntroduction This continuous recruitment will remain open for the calendar year, or until the final filing date, whichever occurs first. The eligible list established from this continuous recruitment will expire by the end of the calendar year. Applicants will be eligible to reapply and take an examination if a new recruitment opens the following calendar year. Applications in this recruitment are screened on a weekly basis. This recruitment may be used to fill both open and promotional vacancies in various County departments as they arise, subject to specific position requirements. In order to qualify for this recruitment, the required degree must be obtained by date of appointment. If you are in your final semester, please apply. *Temporary/Extra Help assignments are limited to working 28 hours per week with a cap of 999 hours or 960 hours for CalPERS retired annuitants in a fiscal year and are not eligible for benefits. Extra-help appointments made from this eligible list may transition to permanent status, should vacancies arise. Upon successful completion of a foreign language proficiency exam, an additional 5% bilingual pay will be paid to employees who use a second language on a regular basis in the normal course of business. POSITION INFORMATION Placer County Health and Human Services is currently recruiting for permanent and extra-help/temporary positions in the classification Client Services Practitioner I (Master Degree Social Worker/Clinician). Assignments are in the following services areas within Adult System of Care, Children's System of Care and Public Health divisions: Child Welfare Services Mental Health Substance Use Disorders Homeless Services Employment Older Adult Services Public Health Whole Person Care (physical, behavioral health and social services) Emergency After-Hours/Child Protective Services Response Co-Occurring Diagnosis Criminogenic/Forensic Perinatal Wraparound (Children Services) Adoption/Permanency This is an entry level position and applicants are encouraged to include relevant education and a description of professional social work and/or child welfare experience when responding to the supplemental questionnaire. Your application materials and assignment preference(s) may be used by the hiring authority when selecting candidates to interview. Client Services Practitioners perform a broad spectrum of duties ranging from providing direct services/case management support to those faced with difficult situations, emotional stresses, or significant changes in their lives to clinically diagnosing emotional, behavioral or mental health disorders in individuals. Not only do Client Services Practitioners assist individuals to cope with the situation at hand, they advocate for them and seek out valuable resources and other means of support for the affected person(s). BENEFITS Placer County offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees. The following information represents benefits currently available to permanent Placer County employees and may be subject to change. Applicants should inquire as to the most current benefit package during hiring interviews or by contacting the Human Resources Department. Click here to view Professional benefits For more information regarding the benefits Placer County has to offer please visit Placer County's Human Resources website. DEFINITION To provide responsible and professional social services and/or clinical treatment of an advanced nature to a variety of clients with identified needs including clients with mental health concerns, diagnosed mentally ill clients, substance abusers and/or clients who are homeless; to provide counseling to individuals and groups; to perform crisis intervention as appropriate; to participate in the development and implementation of various treatment and outreach services; to investigate, supervise and to place minors in need of protective services; to provide outreach engagement; to develop, coordinate and monitor community-based programs; and to function as an integral and supportive member of assigned departmental and multi-disciplinary team(s). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is the entry level class in the Client Services Practitioner series. This class is distinguished from the journey level by the performance of the more routine tasks and duties assigned to positions within this series. Employees at this level are not expected to perform with the same independence of direction and judgment on matters allocated to the journey level class. Since this class is typically used as a training class, employees may have only limited or no directly related work experience. Employees work under general supervision while learning job tasks. SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED Receives general supervision from a program supervisor or other designated management position. May receive technical and functional supervision from a Senior Client Services Practitioner. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop and administer long or short term treatment plans requiring comprehensive professional knowledge with the goal of improving or restoring individual or family functioning; may include clinical treatments and may determine appropriate method of treatment intervention including program modification. Participate in and/or conduct comprehensive individual and family psychosocial assessments for problem identification and diagnosis; determine acuity of need and recommend appropriate program placement; provide crisis counseling to include authorization for 72-hour emergency in-patient admission as necessary. Prepare and present clinical and/or case management documentation for review by multi-disciplinary team; provide on-going consultation and systematic support for the team in its implementation of treatment programs and individual treatment plans and/or case management. Investigate, intervene and provide a variety of professional services to children or other special needs clients, in circumstances in which the client's physical or emotional welfare is involved including cases of neglect, emotional/behavioral problems, physical/mental disabilities, child welfare, court services, or other conditions that may adversely affect the client. Participate in and/or conduct group, family and individual therapy to include marital and/or family counseling as appropriate to effect positive rehabilitation, solutions, and/or life improvements. Provide highly skilled professional services in counseling, adult and child protective services, family services, community organization, social research and related areas. Perform case management duties including treatment plan monitoring, advocacy, referral and linkage to other needed services and crisis interventions; establish and maintain casework records and documents in accordance with departmental and statutory regulations and procedures; and prepare relevant correspondence and reports, including court reports and/or testimony. Provide outreach, education, and professional consultation to the community, the general public, as well as public and private agencies; conduct training workshops and/or presentations to clients, care providers, community groups, referrals, and the general public. Provide operational oversight of residential facilities or community-based programs to include the administration of budgets as assigned; prepare grant proposals and reports and monitor program activities and expenditures. Conduct home visits; transport clients; and assist with client's financial, budget and daily living activities as appropriate. Develop, maintain and participate in an inter-agency and community networking/referral system; evaluate client needs relative to appropriate program referrals; maintain close communication with contract providers and community service agencies to ensure treatment plan and client needs are being met in a successful manner. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other County employees, community resources, clients, and the general public utilizing principles of effective customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS It is the responsibility of applicants to identify in their application materials how they meet the minimum qualifications listed below. Experience and Training Any combination of experience and training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: One year of providing mental health services, social service casework or counseling is desirable. Training: A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social work, psychology or counseling, which meets the eligibility requirements for licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners must be obtained by date of appointment. License or Certificate: May need to possess a valid driver's license as required by the position. Proof of adequate vehicle insurance and medical clearance may also be required. NOTE:Applicants receiving their degree outside the United States must submit proof of accreditation by a recognized evaluation agency. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Principles and practices of social work as related to providing mental health, substance abuse services and treatment, child and adult protective services and the multi-disciplinary approach to treatment. Principles and practices used in the development of community-based programs providing treatment and social services. Accepted criteria for clinical diagnosis of emotional and mental disturbances as well as normal and abnormal emotional and mental development to include growth, development and living relationships. Develop and implement community-based programs in treatment and social service; coordinate and monitor program activities to ensure compliance with program outcomes. Principles and practices of casework, including objectives, clinical diagnosis and appropriate documentation. Psychosocial, family, individual and group therapy and counseling treatments and prevention strategies. Physical, social, mental and substance use disorders impact on individual personality and behaviors. Role of social service agencies, both public and private. Legal and regulatory issues related to the operation and delivery of a variety of client services to individuals and groups of all ages and special needs. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, and principles of social work related to child protective services and adult services, risk and safety assessments. Standard and accepted investigative and interviewing techniques and methods. Principles used in preparing grant proposals. Modern office procedures, practices and methods as well as designated computer hardware and software and its applications. Standard and accepted English usage, spelling, punctuation, and grammar in both oral and written forms. Ability to: Understand and carry out a variety of complex oral and written instructions in an independent manner. On a continuous basis, know and understand all aspects of the job and observe safety rules and practices; intermittently review work papers, reports and special projects; identify and problem solve client issues; identify and interpret technical and numerical information; observe and problem solve operational and technical policies and procedures; explain applicable department policies and procedures to applicants and clients. On a continuous basis, sit for long periods of time or while driving; intermittently walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel while retrieving or returning files, documents and supplies and making copies; walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel, climb or twist while conducting home/site visits or transporting client; twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; see and hear with sufficient acuity to observe and assess physical condition and living environment of client; and lift moderate weight. Identify and conceptualize multiple cause situations and possible consequences; evaluate potential treatment/solutions; determine and initiate most effective course of action. Relate effectively and positively with assigned clients to establish trust and rapport; display empathy. Coordinate and prioritize work and timelines effectively for self and others. Work with various cultural and ethnic groups in a tactful and effective manner. Obtain relevant information through interviews, observations, and the application of standard research methodologies. Perform mathematical calculations accurately to include routine statistical analysis. Use a personal computer and office equipment necessary for successful job performance. Work weekend and evening shifts as needs of program and/or clients require. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties. SELECTION PROCEDURE Training & Experience Rating (100%) Based upon responses to the supplemental questionnaire, the applicant's education, training, and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Scores from this evaluation will determine applicant ranking and placement on the eligible list. CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to the date of hire, applicants must undergo a fingerprint test by the Department of Justice, pass a medical examination (which may include a drug screening and possibly a psychological evaluation), sign a constitutional oath, and submit proof of U.S. citizenship or legal right to remain and work in the U.S. For some positions, applicants may also be required to submit proof of age, undergo a background investigation (which may include a voice stress analysis and/or a polygraph), and/or be bonded. Additionally, positions in law enforcement classifications and those supporting law enforcement functions will be required to complete a conviction history questionnaire prior to or during the interview process. Applicants for positions with access to Medi-Cal billing software or who are licensed providers must clear the Federal Exclusion List, credentialing, and social security verification. Failure to clear these requirements may result in an employment offer being withdrawn. SUBSTITUTE LISTS The eligible list resulting from this recruitment may be certified as a substitute list for a substantially similar classification. For this purpose, a substantially similar classification is one at a lower level in the same classification (example: entry level vs. journey level) and/or a similar classification (similar work performed, similar training and experience qualifications required). If you are contacted for an interview by a County department, you will be informed of the classification and other relevant information. If you choose not to interview for a substantially similar classification, you will remain on the eligible list for which you originally applied. EMPLOYEES OF OTHER PUBLIC AGENCIES Placer County offers an expedited process for qualifying certain applicants for interviews. Candidates currently employed, or employed within the last year, by a public agency operating under a personnel civil service or merit system may be eligible to be placed on a Public Agency Eligible List and certified as eligible for appointment to a similar job assignment without going through the examination process. For more information on the Public Agency Eligible List, to download forms, or to apply, please Click here . EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Thank you for your interest in employment with Placer County. Placer County is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. It is the stated policy of Placer County that harassment, discrimination, and retaliation are prohibited and that all employees, applicants, agents, contractors, and interns/volunteers shall receive equal consideration and treatment. All terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, transfer, and promotion will be based on the qualifications of the individual for the positions being filled regardless of gender (including gender identity and expression), sexual orientation, race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics/information), age (40 or over), marital status, military and/or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Please contact the Human Resources Department at least 5 working days before a scheduled examination if you require accommodation in the examination process. Medical disability verification may be required prior to accommodation. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 04, 2021Full TimeIntroduction This continuous recruitment will remain open for the calendar year, or until the final filing date, whichever occurs first. The eligible list established from this continuous recruitment will expire by the end of the calendar year. Applicants will be eligible to reapply and take an examination if a new recruitment opens the following calendar year. Applications in this recruitment are screened on a weekly basis. This recruitment may be used to fill both open and promotional vacancies in various County departments as they arise, subject to specific position requirements. In order to qualify for this recruitment, the required degree must be obtained by date of appointment. If you are in your final semester, please apply. *Temporary/Extra Help assignments are limited to working 28 hours per week with a cap of 999 hours or 960 hours for CalPERS retired annuitants in a fiscal year and are not eligible for benefits. Extra-help appointments made from this eligible list may transition to permanent status, should vacancies arise. Upon successful completion of a foreign language proficiency exam, an additional 5% bilingual pay will be paid to employees who use a second language on a regular basis in the normal course of business. POSITION INFORMATION Placer County Health and Human Services is currently recruiting for permanent and extra-help/temporary positions in the classification Client Services Practitioner I (Master Degree Social Worker/Clinician). Assignments are in the following services areas within Adult System of Care, Children's System of Care and Public Health divisions: Child Welfare Services Mental Health Substance Use Disorders Homeless Services Employment Older Adult Services Public Health Whole Person Care (physical, behavioral health and social services) Emergency After-Hours/Child Protective Services Response Co-Occurring Diagnosis Criminogenic/Forensic Perinatal Wraparound (Children Services) Adoption/Permanency This is an entry level position and applicants are encouraged to include relevant education and a description of professional social work and/or child welfare experience when responding to the supplemental questionnaire. Your application materials and assignment preference(s) may be used by the hiring authority when selecting candidates to interview. Client Services Practitioners perform a broad spectrum of duties ranging from providing direct services/case management support to those faced with difficult situations, emotional stresses, or significant changes in their lives to clinically diagnosing emotional, behavioral or mental health disorders in individuals. Not only do Client Services Practitioners assist individuals to cope with the situation at hand, they advocate for them and seek out valuable resources and other means of support for the affected person(s). BENEFITS Placer County offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees. The following information represents benefits currently available to permanent Placer County employees and may be subject to change. Applicants should inquire as to the most current benefit package during hiring interviews or by contacting the Human Resources Department. Click here to view Professional benefits For more information regarding the benefits Placer County has to offer please visit Placer County's Human Resources website. DEFINITION To provide responsible and professional social services and/or clinical treatment of an advanced nature to a variety of clients with identified needs including clients with mental health concerns, diagnosed mentally ill clients, substance abusers and/or clients who are homeless; to provide counseling to individuals and groups; to perform crisis intervention as appropriate; to participate in the development and implementation of various treatment and outreach services; to investigate, supervise and to place minors in need of protective services; to provide outreach engagement; to develop, coordinate and monitor community-based programs; and to function as an integral and supportive member of assigned departmental and multi-disciplinary team(s). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is the entry level class in the Client Services Practitioner series. This class is distinguished from the journey level by the performance of the more routine tasks and duties assigned to positions within this series. Employees at this level are not expected to perform with the same independence of direction and judgment on matters allocated to the journey level class. Since this class is typically used as a training class, employees may have only limited or no directly related work experience. Employees work under general supervision while learning job tasks. SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED Receives general supervision from a program supervisor or other designated management position. May receive technical and functional supervision from a Senior Client Services Practitioner. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop and administer long or short term treatment plans requiring comprehensive professional knowledge with the goal of improving or restoring individual or family functioning; may include clinical treatments and may determine appropriate method of treatment intervention including program modification. Participate in and/or conduct comprehensive individual and family psychosocial assessments for problem identification and diagnosis; determine acuity of need and recommend appropriate program placement; provide crisis counseling to include authorization for 72-hour emergency in-patient admission as necessary. Prepare and present clinical and/or case management documentation for review by multi-disciplinary team; provide on-going consultation and systematic support for the team in its implementation of treatment programs and individual treatment plans and/or case management. Investigate, intervene and provide a variety of professional services to children or other special needs clients, in circumstances in which the client's physical or emotional welfare is involved including cases of neglect, emotional/behavioral problems, physical/mental disabilities, child welfare, court services, or other conditions that may adversely affect the client. Participate in and/or conduct group, family and individual therapy to include marital and/or family counseling as appropriate to effect positive rehabilitation, solutions, and/or life improvements. Provide highly skilled professional services in counseling, adult and child protective services, family services, community organization, social research and related areas. Perform case management duties including treatment plan monitoring, advocacy, referral and linkage to other needed services and crisis interventions; establish and maintain casework records and documents in accordance with departmental and statutory regulations and procedures; and prepare relevant correspondence and reports, including court reports and/or testimony. Provide outreach, education, and professional consultation to the community, the general public, as well as public and private agencies; conduct training workshops and/or presentations to clients, care providers, community groups, referrals, and the general public. Provide operational oversight of residential facilities or community-based programs to include the administration of budgets as assigned; prepare grant proposals and reports and monitor program activities and expenditures. Conduct home visits; transport clients; and assist with client's financial, budget and daily living activities as appropriate. Develop, maintain and participate in an inter-agency and community networking/referral system; evaluate client needs relative to appropriate program referrals; maintain close communication with contract providers and community service agencies to ensure treatment plan and client needs are being met in a successful manner. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other County employees, community resources, clients, and the general public utilizing principles of effective customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS It is the responsibility of applicants to identify in their application materials how they meet the minimum qualifications listed below. Experience and Training Any combination of experience and training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: One year of providing mental health services, social service casework or counseling is desirable. Training: A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social work, psychology or counseling, which meets the eligibility requirements for licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners must be obtained by date of appointment. License or Certificate: May need to possess a valid driver's license as required by the position. Proof of adequate vehicle insurance and medical clearance may also be required. NOTE:Applicants receiving their degree outside the United States must submit proof of accreditation by a recognized evaluation agency. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Principles and practices of social work as related to providing mental health, substance abuse services and treatment, child and adult protective services and the multi-disciplinary approach to treatment. Principles and practices used in the development of community-based programs providing treatment and social services. Accepted criteria for clinical diagnosis of emotional and mental disturbances as well as normal and abnormal emotional and mental development to include growth, development and living relationships. Develop and implement community-based programs in treatment and social service; coordinate and monitor program activities to ensure compliance with program outcomes. Principles and practices of casework, including objectives, clinical diagnosis and appropriate documentation. Psychosocial, family, individual and group therapy and counseling treatments and prevention strategies. Physical, social, mental and substance use disorders impact on individual personality and behaviors. Role of social service agencies, both public and private. Legal and regulatory issues related to the operation and delivery of a variety of client services to individuals and groups of all ages and special needs. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, and principles of social work related to child protective services and adult services, risk and safety assessments. Standard and accepted investigative and interviewing techniques and methods. Principles used in preparing grant proposals. Modern office procedures, practices and methods as well as designated computer hardware and software and its applications. Standard and accepted English usage, spelling, punctuation, and grammar in both oral and written forms. Ability to: Understand and carry out a variety of complex oral and written instructions in an independent manner. On a continuous basis, know and understand all aspects of the job and observe safety rules and practices; intermittently review work papers, reports and special projects; identify and problem solve client issues; identify and interpret technical and numerical information; observe and problem solve operational and technical policies and procedures; explain applicable department policies and procedures to applicants and clients. On a continuous basis, sit for long periods of time or while driving; intermittently walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel while retrieving or returning files, documents and supplies and making copies; walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel, climb or twist while conducting home/site visits or transporting client; twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; see and hear with sufficient acuity to observe and assess physical condition and living environment of client; and lift moderate weight. Identify and conceptualize multiple cause situations and possible consequences; evaluate potential treatment/solutions; determine and initiate most effective course of action. Relate effectively and positively with assigned clients to establish trust and rapport; display empathy. Coordinate and prioritize work and timelines effectively for self and others. Work with various cultural and ethnic groups in a tactful and effective manner. Obtain relevant information through interviews, observations, and the application of standard research methodologies. Perform mathematical calculations accurately to include routine statistical analysis. Use a personal computer and office equipment necessary for successful job performance. Work weekend and evening shifts as needs of program and/or clients require. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties. SELECTION PROCEDURE Training & Experience Rating (100%) Based upon responses to the supplemental questionnaire, the applicant's education, training, and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Scores from this evaluation will determine applicant ranking and placement on the eligible list. CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to the date of hire, applicants must undergo a fingerprint test by the Department of Justice, pass a medical examination (which may include a drug screening and possibly a psychological evaluation), sign a constitutional oath, and submit proof of U.S. citizenship or legal right to remain and work in the U.S. For some positions, applicants may also be required to submit proof of age, undergo a background investigation (which may include a voice stress analysis and/or a polygraph), and/or be bonded. Additionally, positions in law enforcement classifications and those supporting law enforcement functions will be required to complete a conviction history questionnaire prior to or during the interview process. Applicants for positions with access to Medi-Cal billing software or who are licensed providers must clear the Federal Exclusion List, credentialing, and social security verification. Failure to clear these requirements may result in an employment offer being withdrawn. SUBSTITUTE LISTS The eligible list resulting from this recruitment may be certified as a substitute list for a substantially similar classification. For this purpose, a substantially similar classification is one at a lower level in the same classification (example: entry level vs. journey level) and/or a similar classification (similar work performed, similar training and experience qualifications required). If you are contacted for an interview by a County department, you will be informed of the classification and other relevant information. If you choose not to interview for a substantially similar classification, you will remain on the eligible list for which you originally applied. EMPLOYEES OF OTHER PUBLIC AGENCIES Placer County offers an expedited process for qualifying certain applicants for interviews. Candidates currently employed, or employed within the last year, by a public agency operating under a personnel civil service or merit system may be eligible to be placed on a Public Agency Eligible List and certified as eligible for appointment to a similar job assignment without going through the examination process. For more information on the Public Agency Eligible List, to download forms, or to apply, please Click here . EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Thank you for your interest in employment with Placer County. Placer County is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. It is the stated policy of Placer County that harassment, discrimination, and retaliation are prohibited and that all employees, applicants, agents, contractors, and interns/volunteers shall receive equal consideration and treatment. All terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, transfer, and promotion will be based on the qualifications of the individual for the positions being filled regardless of gender (including gender identity and expression), sexual orientation, race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics/information), age (40 or over), marital status, military and/or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Please contact the Human Resources Department at least 5 working days before a scheduled examination if you require accommodation in the examination process. Medical disability verification may be required prior to accommodation. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousAdult, Youth and Family Services Section ManagerSonoma County, CA Santa Rosa, CA, United StatesPosition Information Further your career by considering this unique opportunity to be part of the Behavioral Health Division's Management Team and advance the behavioral health care system for the County of Sonoma. Starting salary up to $61.57/hour ($128,503/year), a cash allowance of $600/month, and a competitive total compensation package!* The Department of Health Services (DHS) is seeking qualified candidates with strong analytical ability, excellent leadership qualities, and advanced knowledge of behavioral health systems to fill two full-time positions in the Youth and Family and Adult Services sections. Adult and Youth Services Section Managers have management responsibility for programs that promote mental health recovery and wellness through treatment, advocacy and education especially as it relates to high risk adults, youth and families. Responsibilities for these positions include: Organizing, planning and supervising all programs and services provided by the section Ensuring efficient operation of the section Monitoring programs and services through data collection Developing, interpreting, and applying policies and procedures for the program areas Participating in administrative and planning meetings with the Division Director. Supervising and directing program managers and other multi-disciplinary staff providing behavioral health services in their assigned programs Negotiating and monitoring contracts for mental health services Acting as a consultant to the Behavioral Health Director, other sections, and other organizations on matters related to services in the assigned section Providing training to departmental staff in related program areas Working with community collaborative partners, including the Sonoma County Office of Education, the Human Services Department, and the Probation Department to plan and implement behavioral health services to shared clients These two Section Manager positions sit on the DHS-Behavioral Health Division Management Team (DMT), along with the Behavioral Health Director, Behavioral Health Medical Director, Substance Use Disorder Section Manager, Acute and Forensic Services Section Manager, Quality Assurance Performance Improvement Section Manager, and the Division's Administrative Services Officer II. Section Managers may provide coverage for the Behavioral Health Division Director during vacations and/or absences. The ideal candidates for these positions will possess the following: Experience in, and knowledge of, the California public mental health and substance use disorder service systems. Supervisory and/or administrative experience in the Behavioral Health system Experience managing complex personnel matters and supervising staff. as well as the ability to motivate and lead professional and non-professional staff The ability to analyze complex systems/issues and make policy recommendations to Division Director Experience developing and managing contract relationships with community agencies Excellent written and verbal communication skills Budget management experience An advanced understanding of the Behavioral Health systems of care, trends, and practices that may impact the work of division employees and consumers including the implementation of the Affordable Care Act Knowledge, background and expertise in issues of race, equity, and social justice in behavioral health and health systems and services. A proven track record of managing simultaneous, complex projects What We Offer Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $1,700 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range The Department of Health Services (DHS) DHS is one of the County's largest and most complex departments. DHS consists of the Administration, Behavioral Health, and Public Health Divisions which are driven by their mission to promote, protect, and ensure access to services that support the health, recovery, and well-being of all in Sonoma County. The following ideas are the basis for how DHS operates and delivers services: Excellence - Strive to create a culture of learning, innovation, and data-driven practices in order to guide internal operations, improve performance, and build staff expertise Collaboration - Engage and work collaboratively with partners, communities, and staff to maximize its impact across the County Equity - Work to reduce disparities and ensure fairness, compassion, and social justice For further information regarding the department, its programs, services, and partnerships, please visit the DHS website . *Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. This recruitment is being conducted to fill two positions in DHS. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education, Experience and License: In accordance with California Code of Regulations, the minimum qualifications are acquired through one of the following options: Possession of a valid license as a psychologist in California or be registered with the Board of Psychology as a Psychology Assistant and obtain a license within two years of the date of hire, unless continuously employed in the same class in the same program or facility as of January 1, 1979; and shall have two years post-doctoral experience in a mental health setting. Unlicensed candidates must also be able to obtain a waiver from the California Department of Mental Health until licensed. (OR) Possession of a valid California license as a clinical social worker or possess a master's degree from an accredited school of social work and be registered as a Clinical Social Work Associate by the California State Board of Behavioral Sciences and become licensed within three years from the date of hire, unless continuously employed in the same class in the same program or facility as of January 1, 1979; and shall have at least two years post-masters experience in a mental health setting. (OR) Possession of a valid California license to practice as a registered nurse and possess a Master's degree in psychiatric or public health nursing, or possess a Nurse Practitioner certificate; and shall have two years of nursing experience in a mental health setting. Additional post-baccalaureate nursing experience in a mental health setting may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the educational requirement. (OR) Possession of a valid California license as a Marriage and Family Therapist or is registered as an MFT Intern with the California Board of Behavioral Sciences and become licensed within three years from the date of hire; and shall have two years of post master's degree experience in a mental health setting. Additional Experience: Any combination of education, training and experience which provides the knowledge and abilities listed, including a minimum of three years of post-graduate clinical and/or administrative experience in a comprehensive public health program, two years of which should be in a supervisory or management capacity. (Experience listed above may be utilized to fill this requirement as appropriate.) License: Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including special endorsements, as required by the State of California, may be required depending upon assignment to perform the essential job functions of the position. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Considerable Knowledge of: principles and theories of providing community mental health services; mental health administration and organization; principles, techniques and trends of mental health; techniques and procedures used in general and professional mental health therapeutic or rehabilitative treatment; principles and methods of crisis interventions; particular therapeutic strategies used by public programs for the target populations; knowledge of alcohol and other drug rehabilitation and prevention; social, cultural and community dynamics related to mental health; principles and practices of supervision and employee development; principles and theories of medical practice in relevant specialty areas; principles of mental health education, community organization, community relations, and political processes; and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies. Ability to: direct a complex program of mental health services; plan, organize and supervise professional and other personnel engaged in psychiatric treatment and services; anticipate fiscal needs, monitor expenditures, and increase cost-effectiveness in program operations; provide professional consultation and program leadership; teach and participate in training; build and maintain cooperative working relationships; develop and support community networks and systems of care to establish needed services; develop and evaluate creative approaches to the assessment and treatment of mental health problems; secure the cooperation of professional and lay groups and governmental bodies; analyze situations accurately and take effective action; and speak and write effectively. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all your employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application and should be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be scored using position-specific criteria. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient and therefore may not be scored. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (weight 100%) may be conducted to evaluate each applicant's application and supplemental questionnaire for satisfaction of minimum qualifications (pass/not pass); and for educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities which relate to this position. Each applicant will be evaluated based on the following criteria: Relevance of work history, related experience, and achieved level of education and/or training as described in the application and responses to the supplemental questions. Candidates demonstrating possession of the minimum qualifications will be placed on an employment list in order of most qualified to least qualified based on the achieved score received in the Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination. Scores may be adjusted based on such factors as number of candidates, anticipated vacancies, past practice, and natural breaks in the scores achieved by this group of candidates. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at: www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DPHR Technician: KCJan 19, 2021Full TimePosition Information Further your career by considering this unique opportunity to be part of the Behavioral Health Division's Management Team and advance the behavioral health care system for the County of Sonoma. Starting salary up to $61.57/hour ($128,503/year), a cash allowance of $600/month, and a competitive total compensation package!* The Department of Health Services (DHS) is seeking qualified candidates with strong analytical ability, excellent leadership qualities, and advanced knowledge of behavioral health systems to fill two full-time positions in the Youth and Family and Adult Services sections. Adult and Youth Services Section Managers have management responsibility for programs that promote mental health recovery and wellness through treatment, advocacy and education especially as it relates to high risk adults, youth and families. Responsibilities for these positions include: Organizing, planning and supervising all programs and services provided by the section Ensuring efficient operation of the section Monitoring programs and services through data collection Developing, interpreting, and applying policies and procedures for the program areas Participating in administrative and planning meetings with the Division Director. Supervising and directing program managers and other multi-disciplinary staff providing behavioral health services in their assigned programs Negotiating and monitoring contracts for mental health services Acting as a consultant to the Behavioral Health Director, other sections, and other organizations on matters related to services in the assigned section Providing training to departmental staff in related program areas Working with community collaborative partners, including the Sonoma County Office of Education, the Human Services Department, and the Probation Department to plan and implement behavioral health services to shared clients These two Section Manager positions sit on the DHS-Behavioral Health Division Management Team (DMT), along with the Behavioral Health Director, Behavioral Health Medical Director, Substance Use Disorder Section Manager, Acute and Forensic Services Section Manager, Quality Assurance Performance Improvement Section Manager, and the Division's Administrative Services Officer II. Section Managers may provide coverage for the Behavioral Health Division Director during vacations and/or absences. The ideal candidates for these positions will possess the following: Experience in, and knowledge of, the California public mental health and substance use disorder service systems. Supervisory and/or administrative experience in the Behavioral Health system Experience managing complex personnel matters and supervising staff. as well as the ability to motivate and lead professional and non-professional staff The ability to analyze complex systems/issues and make policy recommendations to Division Director Experience developing and managing contract relationships with community agencies Excellent written and verbal communication skills Budget management experience An advanced understanding of the Behavioral Health systems of care, trends, and practices that may impact the work of division employees and consumers including the implementation of the Affordable Care Act Knowledge, background and expertise in issues of race, equity, and social justice in behavioral health and health systems and services. A proven track record of managing simultaneous, complex projects What We Offer Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $1,700 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range The Department of Health Services (DHS) DHS is one of the County's largest and most complex departments. DHS consists of the Administration, Behavioral Health, and Public Health Divisions which are driven by their mission to promote, protect, and ensure access to services that support the health, recovery, and well-being of all in Sonoma County. The following ideas are the basis for how DHS operates and delivers services: Excellence - Strive to create a culture of learning, innovation, and data-driven practices in order to guide internal operations, improve performance, and build staff expertise Collaboration - Engage and work collaboratively with partners, communities, and staff to maximize its impact across the County Equity - Work to reduce disparities and ensure fairness, compassion, and social justice For further information regarding the department, its programs, services, and partnerships, please visit the DHS website . *Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. This recruitment is being conducted to fill two positions in DHS. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education, Experience and License: In accordance with California Code of Regulations, the minimum qualifications are acquired through one of the following options: Possession of a valid license as a psychologist in California or be registered with the Board of Psychology as a Psychology Assistant and obtain a license within two years of the date of hire, unless continuously employed in the same class in the same program or facility as of January 1, 1979; and shall have two years post-doctoral experience in a mental health setting. Unlicensed candidates must also be able to obtain a waiver from the California Department of Mental Health until licensed. (OR) Possession of a valid California license as a clinical social worker or possess a master's degree from an accredited school of social work and be registered as a Clinical Social Work Associate by the California State Board of Behavioral Sciences and become licensed within three years from the date of hire, unless continuously employed in the same class in the same program or facility as of January 1, 1979; and shall have at least two years post-masters experience in a mental health setting. (OR) Possession of a valid California license to practice as a registered nurse and possess a Master's degree in psychiatric or public health nursing, or possess a Nurse Practitioner certificate; and shall have two years of nursing experience in a mental health setting. Additional post-baccalaureate nursing experience in a mental health setting may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the educational requirement. (OR) Possession of a valid California license as a Marriage and Family Therapist or is registered as an MFT Intern with the California Board of Behavioral Sciences and become licensed within three years from the date of hire; and shall have two years of post master's degree experience in a mental health setting. Additional Experience: Any combination of education, training and experience which provides the knowledge and abilities listed, including a minimum of three years of post-graduate clinical and/or administrative experience in a comprehensive public health program, two years of which should be in a supervisory or management capacity. (Experience listed above may be utilized to fill this requirement as appropriate.) License: Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including special endorsements, as required by the State of California, may be required depending upon assignment to perform the essential job functions of the position. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Considerable Knowledge of: principles and theories of providing community mental health services; mental health administration and organization; principles, techniques and trends of mental health; techniques and procedures used in general and professional mental health therapeutic or rehabilitative treatment; principles and methods of crisis interventions; particular therapeutic strategies used by public programs for the target populations; knowledge of alcohol and other drug rehabilitation and prevention; social, cultural and community dynamics related to mental health; principles and practices of supervision and employee development; principles and theories of medical practice in relevant specialty areas; principles of mental health education, community organization, community relations, and political processes; and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies. Ability to: direct a complex program of mental health services; plan, organize and supervise professional and other personnel engaged in psychiatric treatment and services; anticipate fiscal needs, monitor expenditures, and increase cost-effectiveness in program operations; provide professional consultation and program leadership; teach and participate in training; build and maintain cooperative working relationships; develop and support community networks and systems of care to establish needed services; develop and evaluate creative approaches to the assessment and treatment of mental health problems; secure the cooperation of professional and lay groups and governmental bodies; analyze situations accurately and take effective action; and speak and write effectively. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all your employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application and should be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be scored using position-specific criteria. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient and therefore may not be scored. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (weight 100%) may be conducted to evaluate each applicant's application and supplemental questionnaire for satisfaction of minimum qualifications (pass/not pass); and for educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities which relate to this position. Each applicant will be evaluated based on the following criteria: Relevance of work history, related experience, and achieved level of education and/or training as described in the application and responses to the supplemental questions. Candidates demonstrating possession of the minimum qualifications will be placed on an employment list in order of most qualified to least qualified based on the achieved score received in the Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination. Scores may be adjusted based on such factors as number of candidates, anticipated vacancies, past practice, and natural breaks in the scores achieved by this group of candidates. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at: www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DPHR Technician: KCAlcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor I - Full-Time, Part-Time & Extra-HelpSonoma County, CA Santa Rosa, CA, United StatesPosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in our community! Starting salary up to $34.89*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the II level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The DUI Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor I positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: One year of experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR Some experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs. Ability to : understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: KCDec 24, 2020Full TimePosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in our community! Starting salary up to $34.89*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the II level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The DUI Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor I positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: One year of experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR Some experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs. Ability to : understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: KCAlcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor II - Full-Time, Part-Time & Extra-HelpSonoma County, CA Santa Rosa, CA, United StatesPosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in your community! Starting salary up to $38.45*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the I level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The Driving Under the Influence Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor II positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. The employment list established from this recruitment may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time , and extra-help positions as they occur during the active status of this list. County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: Two years of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor I with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs that directly relate to the knowledge and skills listed above and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR One year of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor II with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; modern methods of diagnosing and treating persons who abuse alcohol and drugs; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs; community organizations involved in alcohol and other drug abuse programs; principles of supervision; effective personnel practices including recognition, performance evaluation, and progressive discipline; principles and techniques of employee training. Ability to : oversee and coordinate the work of other staff; train, develop and lead staff; understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: ACDec 10, 2020Full TimePosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in your community! Starting salary up to $38.45*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the I level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The Driving Under the Influence Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor II positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. The employment list established from this recruitment may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time , and extra-help positions as they occur during the active status of this list. County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: Two years of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor I with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs that directly relate to the knowledge and skills listed above and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR One year of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor II with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; modern methods of diagnosing and treating persons who abuse alcohol and drugs; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs; community organizations involved in alcohol and other drug abuse programs; principles of supervision; effective personnel practices including recognition, performance evaluation, and progressive discipline; principles and techniques of employee training. Ability to : oversee and coordinate the work of other staff; train, develop and lead staff; understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: ACHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	Psychiatric Social Worker I/II Per DiemMonterey County Human Resources Salinas, California, United StatesPosition Description Open Date: January 8, 2020 Final Filing Date: Continuous Exam # T20/60B21/01KK SUMMARY OF POSITION Monterey County Health Department's Behavioral Health Bureau has exciting opportunities for per diem Psychiatric Social Workers on a growing multidisciplinary team working in the Natividad Medical Center Emergency Room Department (ED) Crisis Team. Natividad Medical Center is often the initial stop for community members who walk in or are brought in by law enforcement or ambulance and who may be experiencing a mental health crisis. Patients may present with a variety of symptoms including substance related issues, danger to self or others, grave disability or medical issues. The ED Crisis Team is responsible for psychiatric evaluations of clients in the Emergency Department at Natividad Medical Center and assisting to determine the appropriate level of care for those patients, which may include 5150, outpatient treatment, or placement in another facility. Monterey County Behavioral Health takes pride in providing caring and efficient direct services to the community. In the ED, the Crisis Team Psychiatric Social Workers create positive rapport with clients and their families quickly and help patients know they are in a safe environment. Duties of a Psychiatric Social Worker on the ED Crisis Team include assessing and diagnosing patients, collateral contact with client caregivers to collect information, provide psycho-education, referrals to clients and families and responding to crisis phone calls. ED Crisis Team Psychiatric Social Workers work with a multidisciplinary treatment team which includes Natividad Physicians and Nurses and Behavioral Health Psychiatrists to assess the client's needs and provide an appropriate disposition. Psychiatric Social Workers on the ED Crisis Team do not carry a caseload, but will complete a psychosocial assessment and other documentation for clients they see in the ED. Psychiatric Social Workers working on this team develop the ability to perform rapid clinical decision making and rapport building, develop skills in differential diagnosing including Substance Use, and to create strong working relationships with staff of other disciplines and work styles. Per diem shifts may include day, evening and/or overnight (NOC), weekends and holiday coverage. Per diem staff will work to fill in gaps in coverage and will be expected to be available to work a minimum of 10 hours per month. Desired current skills for this position: Able to maintain flexible hours when needed Clear communication style Demonstrates care and empathy with clients and their families The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Position Definition & Distinguishing Characteristics Under direction, the Psychiatric Social Worker performs psychiatric assessments, diagnosis, clinical interventions and case management services for mentally and emotionally disturbed patients and their families in a mental health setting, and facilitate/coordinate treatment services. Psychiatric Social Worker I: This is the entry-level position in the Psychiatric Social Worker series. Incumbents work in an assisting and supporting role, with closely supervised routine assignments that are limited in scope and independence. Psychiatric Social Worker II: This is the advanced journey-level position in the Psychiatric Social Worker series competent to perform the full scope of specialized psychiatric assessment, diagnosis, clinical interventions to children and adolescents and seriously mentally ill adults in community or inpatient settings. Incumbents are expected to be fully trained and professionally skilled to independently provide services Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following knowledge, skills and abilities: Knowledge of: Current philosophy, principles, and practices for services to clients with serious mental illness Individual, group and family psychodynamics as they relate to adults or children Psychological diagnostic methods and terminology. Personality development from infancy through adulthood. Human and health services systems in the county including private agencies and other community resources. Skill and Ability to: Provide treatment to adults, children or adolescents with various mental disabilities ranging from serious mental illness to dysfunctional behavior patterns including victims of sexual and physical abuse. Set realistic treatment goals and facilitate their attainment. Evaluate the degree of mental disability or emotional distress of patients/clients. Communicate effectively orally and in writing. Provide consultation and technical assistance to team member, other agencies, schools and other organizations. Work collectively within a multi-disciplinary team. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Be culturally sensitive A team player Have great customer service skills Develop and maintain positive partnerships within the agency and in the community Commitment to integrity, Respect, Innovation, Health Equity and Excellence Comfortable working in a fast-paced Emergency Department Examples of Experience/Education/Training EXAMPLES OF EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION/TRAINING : The skills necessary may be acquired through various types of education, training, and/or experience, typically: Education: Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited school of social work and registration with the Board of Behavioral Science Examiners as an Associate Clinical Social Worker. Required Conditions of Employment: The Health Department will conduct a thorough background and reference check process which includes a Department of Justice fingerprint check. Possess and maintain a valid California Class C Driver's License with a satisfactory driving record or ability to provide suitable transportation approved by the appointing authority. Possession of a master's degree from an accredited school of Social Work, Marriage Family Therapy or Psychology Program. In accordance with HIPAA, incumbent must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI) Pursuant to Section 5751.2 of the Welfare and Institutions Code, possession of any one of the following: Possession of a California License as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage Family Child Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Psychologist or registration with the Board of Behavioral Science Examiners as an Associate in one of these areas. For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B01.pdf https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B21.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES TO APPLY : Submit the following to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906 : Final Filing Date: Continuous Monterey County Employment Application form Responses to the Supplemental Questions Or apply on-line at https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/find-a-job Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions are not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration. Resumes may be submitted in addition to, but will not be accepted in lieu of, required application materials . Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess applicant's possession of required qualifications, this examination may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination. For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519. SPECIAL NOTES: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodations, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at 831-755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the United States. Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Part TimePosition Description Open Date: January 8, 2020 Final Filing Date: Continuous Exam # T20/60B21/01KK SUMMARY OF POSITION Monterey County Health Department's Behavioral Health Bureau has exciting opportunities for per diem Psychiatric Social Workers on a growing multidisciplinary team working in the Natividad Medical Center Emergency Room Department (ED) Crisis Team. Natividad Medical Center is often the initial stop for community members who walk in or are brought in by law enforcement or ambulance and who may be experiencing a mental health crisis. Patients may present with a variety of symptoms including substance related issues, danger to self or others, grave disability or medical issues. The ED Crisis Team is responsible for psychiatric evaluations of clients in the Emergency Department at Natividad Medical Center and assisting to determine the appropriate level of care for those patients, which may include 5150, outpatient treatment, or placement in another facility. Monterey County Behavioral Health takes pride in providing caring and efficient direct services to the community. In the ED, the Crisis Team Psychiatric Social Workers create positive rapport with clients and their families quickly and help patients know they are in a safe environment. Duties of a Psychiatric Social Worker on the ED Crisis Team include assessing and diagnosing patients, collateral contact with client caregivers to collect information, provide psycho-education, referrals to clients and families and responding to crisis phone calls. ED Crisis Team Psychiatric Social Workers work with a multidisciplinary treatment team which includes Natividad Physicians and Nurses and Behavioral Health Psychiatrists to assess the client's needs and provide an appropriate disposition. Psychiatric Social Workers on the ED Crisis Team do not carry a caseload, but will complete a psychosocial assessment and other documentation for clients they see in the ED. Psychiatric Social Workers working on this team develop the ability to perform rapid clinical decision making and rapport building, develop skills in differential diagnosing including Substance Use, and to create strong working relationships with staff of other disciplines and work styles. Per diem shifts may include day, evening and/or overnight (NOC), weekends and holiday coverage. Per diem staff will work to fill in gaps in coverage and will be expected to be available to work a minimum of 10 hours per month. Desired current skills for this position: Able to maintain flexible hours when needed Clear communication style Demonstrates care and empathy with clients and their families The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Position Definition & Distinguishing Characteristics Under direction, the Psychiatric Social Worker performs psychiatric assessments, diagnosis, clinical interventions and case management services for mentally and emotionally disturbed patients and their families in a mental health setting, and facilitate/coordinate treatment services. Psychiatric Social Worker I: This is the entry-level position in the Psychiatric Social Worker series. Incumbents work in an assisting and supporting role, with closely supervised routine assignments that are limited in scope and independence. Psychiatric Social Worker II: This is the advanced journey-level position in the Psychiatric Social Worker series competent to perform the full scope of specialized psychiatric assessment, diagnosis, clinical interventions to children and adolescents and seriously mentally ill adults in community or inpatient settings. Incumbents are expected to be fully trained and professionally skilled to independently provide services Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following knowledge, skills and abilities: Knowledge of: Current philosophy, principles, and practices for services to clients with serious mental illness Individual, group and family psychodynamics as they relate to adults or children Psychological diagnostic methods and terminology. Personality development from infancy through adulthood. Human and health services systems in the county including private agencies and other community resources. Skill and Ability to: Provide treatment to adults, children or adolescents with various mental disabilities ranging from serious mental illness to dysfunctional behavior patterns including victims of sexual and physical abuse. Set realistic treatment goals and facilitate their attainment. Evaluate the degree of mental disability or emotional distress of patients/clients. Communicate effectively orally and in writing. Provide consultation and technical assistance to team member, other agencies, schools and other organizations. Work collectively within a multi-disciplinary team. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Be culturally sensitive A team player Have great customer service skills Develop and maintain positive partnerships within the agency and in the community Commitment to integrity, Respect, Innovation, Health Equity and Excellence Comfortable working in a fast-paced Emergency Department Examples of Experience/Education/Training EXAMPLES OF EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION/TRAINING : The skills necessary may be acquired through various types of education, training, and/or experience, typically: Education: Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited school of social work and registration with the Board of Behavioral Science Examiners as an Associate Clinical Social Worker. Required Conditions of Employment: The Health Department will conduct a thorough background and reference check process which includes a Department of Justice fingerprint check. Possess and maintain a valid California Class C Driver's License with a satisfactory driving record or ability to provide suitable transportation approved by the appointing authority. Possession of a master's degree from an accredited school of Social Work, Marriage Family Therapy or Psychology Program. In accordance with HIPAA, incumbent must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI) Pursuant to Section 5751.2 of the Welfare and Institutions Code, possession of any one of the following: Possession of a California License as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage Family Child Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Psychologist or registration with the Board of Behavioral Science Examiners as an Associate in one of these areas. For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B01.pdf https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B21.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES TO APPLY : Submit the following to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906 : Final Filing Date: Continuous Monterey County Employment Application form Responses to the Supplemental Questions Or apply on-line at https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/find-a-job Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions are not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration. Resumes may be submitted in addition to, but will not be accepted in lieu of, required application materials . Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess applicant's possession of required qualifications, this examination may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination. For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519. SPECIAL NOTES: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodations, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at 831-755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the United States. Closing Date/Time:Load more	Modal WindowEmployer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES© 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
