"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs24 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchAdmin-Clerical Health Care Business Development Hospitality Skilled LaborRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Customer Service (8) Nonprofit-Social Services (6) Installation-Maint-Repair (5) Management (5) Sales (5)Accounting (4) Other (4) Human Resources (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Education (1) Entry Level (1) Facilities (1) Finance (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (21) Part time (3)Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (3)Email me jobs like thisAccount ManagerProspect Studio Wilson, WY, USAAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Jan 22, 2021Full timeAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Operations ManagerWorldCast Anglers Victor, ID, USAWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Jan 21, 2021Full timeWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Office ManagerOutpost JHDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsJan 21, 2021Full timeDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsGuest RelationsOutpost JHDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Homeowner RelationsOutpost JHDescription Homeowner Relations is an integral part of Outpost, as members of this team are responsible for professional communication with homeowners on all aspects of their home. At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We offer personal assistance for the homeowners with regards to renovations, furnishings, dry cleanings, steam cleanings, maintenance items, to name a few. The Homeowner Relations team is responsible for owner arrival details (including any specific requests with linens or personal items) and detailed property walkthroughs for quality control purposes. We frequently visit properties to inspect any guest complaints or take inventory to be sure homes are properly equipped for our guests and owners. We take a lot of pride in our quick response time to homeowners and make ourselves available to communicate after business hours and on weekends, if need be. Qualifications Excellent...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription Homeowner Relations is an integral part of Outpost, as members of this team are responsible for professional communication with homeowners on all aspects of their home. At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We offer personal assistance for the homeowners with regards to renovations, furnishings, dry cleanings, steam cleanings, maintenance items, to name a few. The Homeowner Relations team is responsible for owner arrival details (including any specific requests with linens or personal items) and detailed property walkthroughs for quality control purposes. We frequently visit properties to inspect any guest complaints or take inventory to be sure homes are properly equipped for our guests and owners. We take a lot of pride in our quick response time to homeowners and make ourselves available to communicate after business hours and on weekends, if need be. Qualifications Excellent...Operation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Administrative AssistantCLB ArchitectsCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Jan 20, 2021Full timeCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Journeyman PlumberJB PlumbingJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .Jan 19, 2021Full timeJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .SuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Administrative AssistantWecker AssociatesOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...Jan 18, 2021Full timeOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...FRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST- SALES$18.00 - $20.00 hourlyRendezvous Mountain Rentals Jackson, WY, USAFRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES FRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES Rendezvous Mountain Rentals (RMR) is looking for an individual wanting to join our growing company. We are looking for the right individual to work in our fast-paced environment. This is a full-time position with great growth potential. Applicants must be willing to work one weekend day. RMR offers flexible schedules; with 10-hour work days. Pay DOE, starts at $18-20 per hour and increases after 90 days dependent on performance. Health/PTO/401K benefits available. Discounted Season Ski Passes available at JHMR, GTR and Snow King for full-time employees. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Work with guests and outside travel agents to confirm reservation calls and bookings for over 120 vacation rental properties managed by Rendezvous Mountain Rentals. Manage all guest arrival and departure procedures. Qualified applicants should be comfortable with technology and demonstrate proficient writing and speaking...Jan 18, 2021Full timeFRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES FRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES Rendezvous Mountain Rentals (RMR) is looking for an individual wanting to join our growing company. We are looking for the right individual to work in our fast-paced environment. This is a full-time position with great growth potential. Applicants must be willing to work one weekend day. RMR offers flexible schedules; with 10-hour work days. Pay DOE, starts at $18-20 per hour and increases after 90 days dependent on performance. Health/PTO/401K benefits available. Discounted Season Ski Passes available at JHMR, GTR and Snow King for full-time employees. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Work with guests and outside travel agents to confirm reservation calls and bookings for over 120 vacation rental properties managed by Rendezvous Mountain Rentals. Manage all guest arrival and departure procedures. Qualified applicants should be comfortable with technology and demonstrate proficient writing and speaking...Rental Equipment TechnicianWestern States EquipmentThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Jan 14, 2021Full timeThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Caretaking InspectorThe Clear Creek Group Jackson, WY, USAProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Jan 13, 2021Full timeProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Major Gifts OfficerThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Project Manager/Site SuperintendentBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Jan 12, 2021Full timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Office Manager/BookkeeperBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Office Manager/Bookkeeper: 25-35 hours/week Bookkeeping tasks- including accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, bank reconciliations, and project accounting. Office scheduling, upkeep, and coordination. Assistance with administrative operational tasks, marketing, and social media. A strong command of Quickbooks, Excel, and G Suite is requisite. The best candidate will have a high attention to detail, strong communication skills, a self-starter attitude, and the ability to work independently. Part-time position with a flexible schedule and room...Jan 12, 2021Part timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Office Manager/Bookkeeper: 25-35 hours/week Bookkeeping tasks- including accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, bank reconciliations, and project accounting. Office scheduling, upkeep, and coordination. Assistance with administrative operational tasks, marketing, and social media. A strong command of Quickbooks, Excel, and G Suite is requisite. The best candidate will have a high attention to detail, strong communication skills, a self-starter attitude, and the ability to work independently. Part-time position with a flexible schedule and room...Culinary Opportunities at Four Seasons Jackson HoleFour Seasons Jackson Hole Teton Village, WY, USAFour Seasons Jackson Hole is looking to expand its culinary team by adding passionate culinary artists to their already outstanding crew. All culinary experience levels are encouraged to apply! Benefits include: Employee housing, complementary meals, discounted ski passes, ski storage, uniform dry cleaning, matching 401k and medical benefit options for full time year round staff. Our Resort could not be what it is today without our wonderful employees. Our team is made up of individuals who come from all walks of life, and truly believe great things happen when you treat others the way you want to be treated yourself. We are pleased to offer both seasonal and year round opportunities.Jan 11, 2021Full timeFour Seasons Jackson Hole is looking to expand its culinary team by adding passionate culinary artists to their already outstanding crew. All culinary experience levels are encouraged to apply! Benefits include: Employee housing, complementary meals, discounted ski passes, ski storage, uniform dry cleaning, matching 401k and medical benefit options for full time year round staff. Our Resort could not be what it is today without our wonderful employees. Our team is made up of individuals who come from all walks of life, and truly believe great things happen when you treat others the way you want to be treated yourself. We are pleased to offer both seasonal and year round opportunities.Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 10, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Family Personal AssistantFamily Personal Assistant RemoteLocal Family looking for personal assistant. Part-time primarily remote needs. Competitive pay. Experience with travel planning preferred. Tech savvy is a must. Send resume to [email protected]Jan 10, 2021Part timeLocal Family looking for personal assistant. Part-time primarily remote needs. Competitive pay. Experience with travel planning preferred. Tech savvy is a must. Send resume to [email protected]Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
