"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs17 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchMarketing Management Engineering Banking Nonprofit-Social Services Finance Customer ServiceRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Hospitality (9) Admin-Clerical (7) Skilled Labor (7) Installation-Maint-Repair (5) Sales (5)Accounting (4) Other (4) Business Development (3) Human Resources (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Education (1) Entry Level (1) Facilities (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (15) Part time (1) Intern (1)Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (1)Email me jobs like thisOperations ManagerWorldCast Anglers Victor, ID, USAWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Jan 21, 2021Full timeWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...ReStore ManagerHabitat for Humanity of the Greater Teton Area 850 West Broadway, Jackson, WY, USAThose interested should email a cover letter and resume in PDF format to [email protected] REPORTS TO: Executive Director DIRECT REPORTS: All ReStore staff and volunteers POSITION SUMMARY: The Habitat for Humanity of the Greater Teton Area (Teton Habitat) ReStore is a nonprofit home improvement store that sells new and gently used furniture, home accessories, building materials, and appliances to the public at a fraction of the retail price. The proceeds are used to support Teton Habitat’s mission of building homes, community, and hope. Through its efforts, the ReStore facilitates recycling, minimizes landfill waste, provides low-cost home improvement items, and increases Habitat’s visibility in our community. The ReStore Manager is responsible for overall management of the store’s day-to-day operations, playing an active role in planning for the store’s future, and for representing the ReStore at public and community events. Specific responsibilities include:...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThose interested should email a cover letter and resume in PDF format to [email protected] REPORTS TO: Executive Director DIRECT REPORTS: All ReStore staff and volunteers POSITION SUMMARY: The Habitat for Humanity of the Greater Teton Area (Teton Habitat) ReStore is a nonprofit home improvement store that sells new and gently used furniture, home accessories, building materials, and appliances to the public at a fraction of the retail price. The proceeds are used to support Teton Habitat’s mission of building homes, community, and hope. Through its efforts, the ReStore facilitates recycling, minimizes landfill waste, provides low-cost home improvement items, and increases Habitat’s visibility in our community. The ReStore Manager is responsible for overall management of the store’s day-to-day operations, playing an active role in planning for the store’s future, and for representing the ReStore at public and community events. Specific responsibilities include:...Office ManagerOutpost JHDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsJan 21, 2021Full timeDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsGuest RelationsOutpost JHDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Operation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.SuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Customer Service/Sales RepresentativeHertz - Overland West Inc Jackson Hole Airport - Hertz Car RentalHertz Rent a Car at the Jackson Hole Airport is hiring a Customer Service/Sales Representative. We are looking for someone with great customer service skills who will bring a positive, can-do attitude to the workplace. Base pay is $14/hour plus generous commissions. After commissions, one could reasonably expect to earn over $20 an hour . Insurance and vacation benefits apply. Currently we are primarily looking to fill PM and weekend shifts. Customer service/sales experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must have a clean driving record and be able to pass a background check. Please email, call, or apply in person at the Hertz counter inside the Jackson Hole Airport. Ask for Jeremy, Tamara or Angelina. Tel. 733-2272. Email: [email protected]Jan 18, 2021Full timeHertz Rent a Car at the Jackson Hole Airport is hiring a Customer Service/Sales Representative. We are looking for someone with great customer service skills who will bring a positive, can-do attitude to the workplace. Base pay is $14/hour plus generous commissions. After commissions, one could reasonably expect to earn over $20 an hour . Insurance and vacation benefits apply. Currently we are primarily looking to fill PM and weekend shifts. Customer service/sales experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must have a clean driving record and be able to pass a background check. Please email, call, or apply in person at the Hertz counter inside the Jackson Hole Airport. Ask for Jeremy, Tamara or Angelina. Tel. 733-2272. Email: [email protected]Old Bill's, Events, and Special Projects CoordinatorCommunity Foundation of Jackson HoleOrganized, detail-oriented team player wanted to implement Old Bill’s Fun Run, Foundation events, and special projects. Responsible for event planning and execution across departments and spearheading varied special projects to enhance the Foundation’s operations. See cfjacksonhole.org/about/careers/ for detailed job description. Supportive and collaborative work environment with full benefits; salary commensurate with experience; EOE. Submit cover letter, resume, and references to [email protected] by January 25th.Jan 15, 2021Full timeOrganized, detail-oriented team player wanted to implement Old Bill’s Fun Run, Foundation events, and special projects. Responsible for event planning and execution across departments and spearheading varied special projects to enhance the Foundation’s operations. See cfjacksonhole.org/about/careers/ for detailed job description. Supportive and collaborative work environment with full benefits; salary commensurate with experience; EOE. Submit cover letter, resume, and references to [email protected] by January 25th.Summer InternsThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtEducation Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. A challenging internship for Summer 2021 for a graduate-level student interested in the field of museum education. The internship focuses on education and exhibits, including management of In-gallery interactives, educational programming, audience engagement, facilitating program assessments, as well as a self-selected project. Applicants with experience in informal teaching, public programming, film-making, and design are encouraged to apply. Spanish language proficiency a plus. Curatorial Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. The Curatorial...Jan 14, 2021InternEducation Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. A challenging internship for Summer 2021 for a graduate-level student interested in the field of museum education. The internship focuses on education and exhibits, including management of In-gallery interactives, educational programming, audience engagement, facilitating program assessments, as well as a self-selected project. Applicants with experience in informal teaching, public programming, film-making, and design are encouraged to apply. Spanish language proficiency a plus. Curatorial Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. The Curatorial...Caretaking InspectorThe Clear Creek Group Jackson, WY, USAProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Jan 13, 2021Full timeProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Major Gifts OfficerThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Security GuardThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: Security Guards are responsible for all aspects of museum security and security management. The Security guards are responsible, with the direction and support of the Director of Facility & Security Services, for monitoring all museum staff and museum support personnel, as well as all materials of any kind entering or leaving the building. The Security Guards assist in facility monitoring, especially HVAC and Fire Detection and Fire Suppression Systems as well as exhibit monitoring, and make recommendations to the Director of Facility & Security Services concerning any issues, events, circumstances or occurrences that could negatively impact staff, visitors or collections safety and security. Organizational Responsibilities: The Security Guards report directly to the Director of Facility & Security Services. Positions Duties and Responsibilities: Monitors all security equipment and systems. Monitors all Fire Detection, Fire Suppression...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: Security Guards are responsible for all aspects of museum security and security management. The Security guards are responsible, with the direction and support of the Director of Facility & Security Services, for monitoring all museum staff and museum support personnel, as well as all materials of any kind entering or leaving the building. The Security Guards assist in facility monitoring, especially HVAC and Fire Detection and Fire Suppression Systems as well as exhibit monitoring, and make recommendations to the Director of Facility & Security Services concerning any issues, events, circumstances or occurrences that could negatively impact staff, visitors or collections safety and security. Organizational Responsibilities: The Security Guards report directly to the Director of Facility & Security Services. Positions Duties and Responsibilities: Monitors all security equipment and systems. Monitors all Fire Detection, Fire Suppression...Field ManagerBoreal Property Management Jackson Hole, Wyoming, USABoreal Property Management, Jackson, WY, is seeking a Full-Time, Field Manager for snow and landscape seasons. Salary is market-competitive depending on experience. Benefits include Health insurance, dental, vision, retirement, PTO, transferable ski passes, and other great perks. Winter: Assistant Snow Manager/Quality Control Supervisor. Job responsibilities: plow/ machine, operator as needed. Assist the Snow Manager in overseeing operations of 5 plow routes, 3 skid steer blowers, and shovel crew. Help in the planning and preparation of the following year's landscape season. Assist with schedule, hiring, logistics, etc. Winter schedule tied closely to snow fall. Summer job responsibilities: Infield management of all landscape maintenance crews. Computer skills required, knowledge of Excel, LMN, or other scheduling software is a plus. Helping with scheduling, project management, quality control, field training, helping push productivity and efficiencies, etc. Candidates should...Jan 11, 2021Full timeBoreal Property Management, Jackson, WY, is seeking a Full-Time, Field Manager for snow and landscape seasons. Salary is market-competitive depending on experience. Benefits include Health insurance, dental, vision, retirement, PTO, transferable ski passes, and other great perks. Winter: Assistant Snow Manager/Quality Control Supervisor. Job responsibilities: plow/ machine, operator as needed. Assist the Snow Manager in overseeing operations of 5 plow routes, 3 skid steer blowers, and shovel crew. Help in the planning and preparation of the following year's landscape season. Assist with schedule, hiring, logistics, etc. Winter schedule tied closely to snow fall. Summer job responsibilities: Infield management of all landscape maintenance crews. Computer skills required, knowledge of Excel, LMN, or other scheduling software is a plus. Helping with scheduling, project management, quality control, field training, helping push productivity and efficiencies, etc. Candidates should...BaristaCaldera HouseSouthcable Cafe is Caldera House’s most relaxed and casual food venue. Open for breakfast and lunch, Southcable is the perfect spot to fuel up before or during an active day in town. Its location right next to the Jackson Hole Aerial Tram makes it undeniably convenient for days spent on the slopes. We are looking for passionate individuals with Barista experience to join our team! Essential Job Functions Greeting customers in a friendly manner and taking food and drink orders Preparing and serving beverages, ranging from simple to elaborate ones Preparing and serving food items such as soups, pizza and pastries Answering customers' questions about menu choices Promoting and recommending menu options to customers Taking payment from customers Keeping the work environment sanitary and organized Evaluating and modifying processes to improve efficiency and quality of service Required Skills & Abilities Operate coffee making equipment Ability to...Jan 08, 2021Part timeSouthcable Cafe is Caldera House’s most relaxed and casual food venue. Open for breakfast and lunch, Southcable is the perfect spot to fuel up before or during an active day in town. Its location right next to the Jackson Hole Aerial Tram makes it undeniably convenient for days spent on the slopes. We are looking for passionate individuals with Barista experience to join our team! Essential Job Functions Greeting customers in a friendly manner and taking food and drink orders Preparing and serving beverages, ranging from simple to elaborate ones Preparing and serving food items such as soups, pizza and pastries Answering customers' questions about menu choices Promoting and recommending menu options to customers Taking payment from customers Keeping the work environment sanitary and organized Evaluating and modifying processes to improve efficiency and quality of service Required Skills & Abilities Operate coffee making equipment Ability to...Development OfficerGrand Teton National Park FoundationDo you love Grand Teton National Park? Grand Teton National Park Foundation, the park’s official non-profit fundraising partner, is seeking a Development Officer to join its team. The Foundation’s supporters provide a margin of excellence in the park that would not otherwise be possible. A successful candidate for this position will have a passion for conservation and national parks, professional experience in major gifts fundraising or related field, excellent communication and writing skills, and be extremely detail oriented and a motivated team player. Visit www.gtnpf.org/careers for a full job description and information on how to apply. This is a full-time, benefited position. Applications will be accepted through February 12, 2021.Jan 07, 2021Full timeDo you love Grand Teton National Park? Grand Teton National Park Foundation, the park’s official non-profit fundraising partner, is seeking a Development Officer to join its team. The Foundation’s supporters provide a margin of excellence in the park that would not otherwise be possible. A successful candidate for this position will have a passion for conservation and national parks, professional experience in major gifts fundraising or related field, excellent communication and writing skills, and be extremely detail oriented and a motivated team player. Visit www.gtnpf.org/careers for a full job description and information on how to apply. This is a full-time, benefited position. Applications will be accepted through February 12, 2021.Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate$40,000 - $50,000 yearlyVertical HarvestJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Jan 05, 2021Full timeJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
