"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs40 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchEnergy - Wind Remediation - Brownfields - CERCLA Sustainability Air Quality Environmental Planning - NEPA Wildlife - Endangered Species - BiodiversityRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (744) Environmental Science - Engineering (23) Climate Change/ Resiliency (19) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (17) Management (16) Advocacy and Policy (16)Waste Management - Recycling (16) Conservation/ Natural Resources (15) Biology - Ecology (13) Communication - Public Outreach (13) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (11) Water Quality (11) Research (10) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (9) Energy Efficiency (7) Environmental Protection (6) Environmental & Energy Law (5) Renewable Energy (5) Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains (5) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (5) Cultural Resources (4) Energy (4) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (4) Administrator/Executive (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Business Development (2) Law Enforcement (2) Technology (2) Parks (2) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Faculty/Instructor (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (13) California (6) Maine (3) Colorado (2) District of Columbia (2) New York (2)Ohio (2) Arizona (1) Florida (1) Maryland (1) Michigan (1) Remote (1) Vermont (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSenior Recreation PlannerSouth Florida Water Management West Palm Beach, FL, USASenior Recreation Planner South Florida Water Management District West Palm Beach, FL Job Description This experienced Senior Recreation Planning position participates in complex planning projects administered by the Land Stewardship Section and performs a variety of functions to ensure public use and nature-based recreation on District lands is properly planned and delivered. Conducts a wide range of planning and administrative activities requiring a comprehensive knowledge and expertise in developing and managing recreational use on public lands acquired through a combination of past work experience and formal educational training. Serves as the senior planner for developing and administering public use and recreation programs, developing inter-agency and non-governmental partnership agreements to enhance recreational opportunities on District managed lands, and coordinating public use activities with other governmental and non-governmental...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Recreation Planner South Florida Water Management District West Palm Beach, FL Job Description This experienced Senior Recreation Planning position participates in complex planning projects administered by the Land Stewardship Section and performs a variety of functions to ensure public use and nature-based recreation on District lands is properly planned and delivered. Conducts a wide range of planning and administrative activities requiring a comprehensive knowledge and expertise in developing and managing recreational use on public lands acquired through a combination of past work experience and formal educational training. Serves as the senior planner for developing and administering public use and recreation programs, developing inter-agency and non-governmental partnership agreements to enhance recreational opportunities on District managed lands, and coordinating public use activities with other governmental and non-governmental...Sustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Program Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Junior Program Officer, Program TeamVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Methodologies ManagerVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Director, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USADirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Jan 25, 2021Full timeDirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Manager, Clean Energy and ClimateCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Manager, Electric PowerCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Seasonal Island RangersBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAPart-time, seasonal position from May 15th through August 31st Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: May 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water in Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected, nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Patrol eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island and promote compliance with island rules and regulations regarding protected shorebird species. Enforce island regulations to protect listed shorebird species. Educate visitors regarding island rules, regulations, and safety concerns. Educate visitors on Dead Neck Sampson’s Island about coastal water birds and barrier island ecology. Collect data on visitors. Carry out other tasks as needed and assigned by Island Manager....Jan 25, 2021SeasonalPart-time, seasonal position from May 15th through August 31st Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: May 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water in Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected, nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Patrol eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island and promote compliance with island rules and regulations regarding protected shorebird species. Enforce island regulations to protect listed shorebird species. Educate visitors regarding island rules, regulations, and safety concerns. Educate visitors on Dead Neck Sampson’s Island about coastal water birds and barrier island ecology. Collect data on visitors. Carry out other tasks as needed and assigned by Island Manager....Seasonal Island MonitorsBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAPart-time, seasonal position from April through August Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: April 1st Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Monitor nesting piping plovers and least terns on barrier island in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Locate and identify piping plover and least tern nesting sites and broods. Collect and record biological and behavioral data on piping plovers, least terns, and other listed shorebirds, including nest locations and abundance, along with associated environmental data. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Educate island visitors on coastal waterbird conservation...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalPart-time, seasonal position from April through August Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: April 1st Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Monitor nesting piping plovers and least terns on barrier island in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Locate and identify piping plover and least tern nesting sites and broods. Collect and record biological and behavioral data on piping plovers, least terns, and other listed shorebirds, including nest locations and abundance, along with associated environmental data. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Educate island visitors on coastal waterbird conservation...Seasonal Island ManagerBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAFull-time, seasonal position from March 15th through August 31st Hours Variable, including weekends and holidays, 40 hours/week for 20 weeks Salary Range: $18.00-$20.00/hour Start Date: March 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include, but not limited to: Coordinate management of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island shorebird monitoring program in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Train and supervise island monitors and rangers. Assist with construction and maintenance of symbolic and electric fencing. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Produce weekly reports on island activities including shorebird and island visitor data. Educate public on coastal waterbird...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalFull-time, seasonal position from March 15th through August 31st Hours Variable, including weekends and holidays, 40 hours/week for 20 weeks Salary Range: $18.00-$20.00/hour Start Date: March 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include, but not limited to: Coordinate management of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island shorebird monitoring program in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Train and supervise island monitors and rangers. Assist with construction and maintenance of symbolic and electric fencing. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Produce weekly reports on island activities including shorebird and island visitor data. Educate public on coastal waterbird...Manager, Policy, Communications and MarketingCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Manager, TransportationCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Senior Manager, Environmental Justice PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Senior Manager, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Jan 25, 2021Senior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...CEQA/NEPA Practice LeadSWCA San Diego, CA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Southern California. This is a newly created position, and the successful candidate will possess: strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines (e.g., energy and utilities, land development, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies), a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, a history of successfully managing large-scale and complex projects, and a self-motivated, can-do attitude. The Lead will: develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, meet financial and strategic growth goals, and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Southern California. This is a newly created position, and the successful candidate will possess: strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines (e.g., energy and utilities, land development, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies), a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, a history of successfully managing large-scale and complex projects, and a self-motivated, can-do attitude. The Lead will: develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, meet financial and strategic growth goals, and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a...General Engineer / Physical ScientistU.S. Environmental Protection Agency Ann Arbor, MI, USASummary This position is in the Office of Air and Radiation, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Assessment and Standards Division, Fuels Center. If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement. About the Office of Air and Radiation . Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Gather and analyze scientific data and information to assist in developing Agency policies on fuel control strategies; Participate in evaluating and modeling projects on fuel changes to assess the impact on vehicle/engine emissions and performance; Assist in the evaluation and modeling of new renewable and alternative fuels to assess environmental and marketplace impacts; Participate in projects representing the Agency’s operating programs for transportation fuels to provide recommendations for advancing programs and methods. When entering a Federal job at a grade level lower than the highest...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSummary This position is in the Office of Air and Radiation, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Assessment and Standards Division, Fuels Center. If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement. About the Office of Air and Radiation . Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Gather and analyze scientific data and information to assist in developing Agency policies on fuel control strategies; Participate in evaluating and modeling projects on fuel changes to assess the impact on vehicle/engine emissions and performance; Assist in the evaluation and modeling of new renewable and alternative fuels to assess environmental and marketplace impacts; Participate in projects representing the Agency’s operating programs for transportation fuels to provide recommendations for advancing programs and methods. When entering a Federal job at a grade level lower than the highest...Waste Zero Specialist 1Recology Inc. Santa Rosa, CA, USAGROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop camaraderie and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Waste Zero Specialist 1 Bi-Lingual (English / Spanish) THE ROLE...Jan 25, 2021Full timeGROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop camaraderie and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Waste Zero Specialist 1 Bi-Lingual (English / Spanish) THE ROLE...Natural Resources InternSWCA Westborough, MA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA is seeking a Natural Resources Summer Intern for Summer 2021 for our Westborough, MA location. SWCA provides a range of services including ecological design, landscape architecture, environmental site assessment, resource identification, environmental planning, permitting, mitigation, restoration, and remediation. The Firm employs designers and scientists with expertise, interest, and experience to perform tasks with professional acumen and attention to detail. The Natural Resources department employs professional wetland scientists, certified soil scientists, certified wildlife biologists, GIS specialists, environmental designers and planners, and environmental engineers. What you will accomplish The Natural Resources Internship is specifically targeted to assisting wetland scientists with wetland delineations in the field. However, the intern may also have the opportunity to work on other projects such as rare species and...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidAbout the opportunity SWCA is seeking a Natural Resources Summer Intern for Summer 2021 for our Westborough, MA location. SWCA provides a range of services including ecological design, landscape architecture, environmental site assessment, resource identification, environmental planning, permitting, mitigation, restoration, and remediation. The Firm employs designers and scientists with expertise, interest, and experience to perform tasks with professional acumen and attention to detail. The Natural Resources department employs professional wetland scientists, certified soil scientists, certified wildlife biologists, GIS specialists, environmental designers and planners, and environmental engineers. What you will accomplish The Natural Resources Internship is specifically targeted to assisting wetland scientists with wetland delineations in the field. However, the intern may also have the opportunity to work on other projects such as rare species and...Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead (San Francisco)SWCA San Francisco, CA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly-experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Northern California. The ideal candidate will: P ossess strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines ( g., energy and utilities , land develop ment, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies) , Maintain a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, Manage large-scale and complex projects, Develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, Meet financial and strategic growth goals, and Demonstrate a self-motivated, can-do attitude and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a career growth opportunity to join SWCA’s expanding California...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly-experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Northern California. The ideal candidate will: P ossess strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines ( g., energy and utilities , land develop ment, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies) , Maintain a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, Manage large-scale and complex projects, Develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, Meet financial and strategic growth goals, and Demonstrate a self-motivated, can-do attitude and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a career growth opportunity to join SWCA’s expanding California...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
