"CACI International Jobs - F5 BIG- IP Engineer in International, GermanyWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy.AcceptCACI International JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (2,553)Job InformationCACI International F5 BIG- IP Engineer in International, GermanyJob DescriptionAre you interested in continuing your career in a mission focused environment? CACI has established and upcoming positions in Stuttgart, Germany supporting the United States Africa Command. We are looking for experienced, innovative and motivated IT Specialists to support enablement USAFRICOM’s mission objectives.What You’ll Get to Do:CACI has an excellent opportunity for an experienced, self-directed, F5 BIG-IP Engineer. This position is in support of a Department of Defense (DoD) organization, US AFRICOM located OCONUS in Stuttgart, Germany. This position is required to relocate OCONUS.Works alongside Network and Systems engineers to configure and maintain BIG-IP F5 systems in a multi-enclave environment. Supports DMZ providing a secure gateway through route domains, F5 firewall (WAF), F5 Application firewall (ASM), Sec-DNS for global load balancing through F5’s (GTM) and access control lists.The following tasks will be tasked to the successful candidate on a regular basis:Guide the configuration and expansion of F5 Infrastructure.Provide ongoing network support, address availability issues, and tune performance of F5 appliances and the F5 BIG-IP infrastructure.Contribute to the design, planning, and implementation of F5 appliances.Serve as a subject matter expert in supporting F5 load balancers.Respond to break-fix incident requests for F5 related issues, and coordinate with system and network admins to eliminate F5s as a potential culprit in break-fix incident requests.The successful candidate must be able to communicate clearly and succinctly both written and orally, and present products and ideas in a business-like manner. The candidate will be required to work in dynamic fast paced environments that require team interaction and coordination of efforts. The candidate must be experienced in interfacing with both client managers and system users.You’ll Bring These Qualifications:Currently hold an adjudicated Secret Clearance with the ability to obtain TS/SCIProfessional certification that meets or exceeds DoD 8570.01. IAM II (Security+ or equivalent)BA/BS or 15 years recent relevant experience3+ years supporting F5 Appliances in a large enterprise IT environmentCCNPThese Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:ITIL v4 - FoundationAdaptable to changing circumstances and operational needsUnderstanding of Department of Defense Military standardJob LocationDE-International--GERMANYCACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaF5 BIG- IP EngineerInternationalClear AllEOE including Disability/Protected VeteransFor information on requesting a reasonable accommodation in the application process, visit the Company career page.Powered By"
