"Job PostingsJob ID 27101 Job Title Inbound Customer Loyalty Specialist - WORK FROM HOMEPosted Date 01/08/2021 Apply By 02/08/2021Employment Type Permanent Employment Status Full TimeJob DescriptionThe ideal Associate enjoys providing exceptional customer service, someone who thrives in a sales environment, loves working with computers, and loves talking on the phone. What WE offer YOU. ? Opportunity to earn additional Incentives/Prizes (Base pay $15.70 plus bonus) ? Fun office culture. (Hot Chocolate Day/Raffles/Talent Shows- just to name a few) ? We have Great Benefits: HEALTH + DENTAL + VISION (We’ve got you covered!) ? There is plenty of room for GROWTH ? We will give you fully PAID training- Classroom style/engaging environment with great support. Your typical day at work: As an Inbound Customer Loyalty Specialist for an elite telecommunications company, you will be receiving calls from loyal customers who are looking for inquiries about their cell phone services, and make them lucrative offers to suit their needs. In addition, you will also make sure that the customers are getting the best value for all their products and services. The goal is to keep the customer with the company! Addressing the customers concerns/needs in a professional manner Express understanding, patience, empathy working through the problem with the customer Working in a timely fashion to meet all established deadlines Maintaining a high level of competitive and product knowledge Provide quality service that will exceed expectations Maintaining a high level of confidentiality Accurately document customer interactions within the appropriate systems Apply techniques offered in training and ongoing coaching for continuous improvement towards sales and performance targets. You own this if: Experience in sales or a call centre environment (nice to have, but not required) Excellent listening, verbal, and written communication skills Flexibility to work varying shifts or additional hours as required by business needs Solid computer skills and an aptitude for learning new software Important details: FULL TIME POSITION - Work week of 40-44 hours Shift timings are between 7 AM and 11 PM Monday to Sunday, open availabilityCity / Location Toronto Major Intersection: Wrok from HomeSalary / Wage Opportunity to earn additional Incentives/Prizes (Base pay $15.70 plus bonus)To Apply Please share your resume to Girish Kizhakkathil at g.kizhakkathil@jobstart.orgBackOnline Event CalendarAll Online Events and WorkshopsJobStart © 2020 | Privacy Statement"
