"Disclosure, Consent, Acknowledgment and Agreement Ross Stores, Inc. - CareersCareersInvestorsSocial ResponsibilityContact UsGo to the main content section. Welcome. You are not signed in. | Sign InJob SearchBeginning of the main content section. Printable Format The action cannot be completed. Cookies are not enabled on your browser. Please enable cookies in your browser preferences and refresh your browser to continue.Disclosure, Consent, Acknowledgment and AgreementREAD CAREFULLY – BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT” BELOW, YOU CONFIRM YOU HAVE ACCESSED, READ, AND UNDERSTOOD, EACH OF THE FIVE SEPARATE SECTIONS THAT FOLLOW (SPECIFICALLY, THE REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION NOTICE, ELECTRONIC DISCLOSURE AND CONSENT, APPLICANT PRIVACY POLICY, RELEASE, AND AUTHORIZATION AND AGREEMENT) AND AGREE TO ALL STATEMENTS, ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, AND AGREEMENTS, IF ANY, CONTAINED THEREIN.I. REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION NOTICERoss Stores, Inc., and its parent, subsidiaries, divisions and affiliated companies, if any (referred to collectively herein as “Ross”) provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, and applicable state and local law. If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact our customer service department at 1-800-335-1115 or by email at customer.service@ros.com. They will make sure you get connected with a Human Resources representative who can assist you.By clicking “I Accept” below, you confirm you have read and understand this Reasonable Accommodation Notice.II. ELECTRONIC DISCLOSURE AND CONSENTOverviewTo complete this online application for employment with Ross, you will need to consent to receive and respond to information in electronic form. This Electronic Disclosure and Consent (\"Consent\") notifies you that by clicking “I Accept”, you will be consenting to:(a) engage in electronic transactions in connection with your application foremployment with Ross; (b) receive in electronic form information that is legally required to be provided in writing; and (c) use electronic signatures as part of the online employment application process.Scope of ConsentBy clicking “I Accept” below, you are agreeing – pursuant to the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and applicable state law – to electronically access, receive, review, sign and authenticate information, documents and forms about your application for employment with Ross.If you do not wish to consent to receive and respond to information in electronic form, click \"I Decline\" below. Understand that you will not be permitted to submit your employment application to Ross through any means other than the online employment application process.How to Withdraw ConsentPrior to completion and submission of the application, you may withdraw your consent by contacting Ross at our Customer Service Department at 1-800-335-1115 or by email at customer.service@ros.com. If you withdraw your consent, you will not be permitted to proceed with applying for employment with Ross. Please also note that withdrawal of your consent will have no legal effect on the validity, effectiveness, or enforceability of: (a) any authorization, consent, or e-signature provided by you prior to the effective date of your withdrawal, or (b) any document, form, notice, or disclosure that was provided or made available to you in electronic format prior to the effective date of your withdrawal.How to Update Your Contact InformationYou may update your e-mail address or other electronic contact information with Ross at any time. You may do so, prior to submission of your online employment application, by logging in via our secure career site (http://www.rossstores.com/careers (hereinafter referred to as the “Career Site”)) and updating the information in your candidate profile. After submission of your online employment application, please contact Ross' Customer Service Department at 1-800-335-1115 or by email at customer.service@ros.com to provide your updated contact information.How to Request a Paper Copy of the Online Employment ApplicationAfter providing your consent, you may request a paper copy of the online employment application, including any notices and disclosures, by contacting Ross' Customer Service Department at 1-800-335-1115 or by email at customer.service@ros.com. You may be charged a reasonable fee to cover the costs of providing a paper copy.Hardware and Software RequirementsTo access the online employment application and related materials, you must have: (a) a personal computer or mobile device and an operating system capable of receiving, accessing, displaying, and either printing or storing information, (b) an Internet connection, and (c) Internet Browser Software such as Internet Explorer®, Google Chrome®, Safari® (for Mac OS only) or Firefox®. Your Internet Browser Software must support 128-bit encryption and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. If you can see this Consent, your hardware and software should allow you to access the online employment application.To retain the electronic application and related materials, you will need an available storage medium, like a hard drive on your computer or a removable thumb drive. To retain materials on your mobile device you will need: (1) sufficient storage space on your mobile device and (2) an app or function that allows for the capture of electronic data (e.g., a screenshot).ConsentBy clicking “I Accept” below, you:Confirm you can access this Consent.Confirm you have read, understand, and agree to all statements, agreements, and acknowledgements in this Consent.Confirm you have an email address and that the computer or mobile device you intend to use to access documents electronically has the hardware and software requirements described in this Consent to allow me to access and to retain the employment application and its related electronic documents.Agree, in place of hard copy or paper documents and handwritten signatures, to electronically access, receive, review, sign, and authenticate the materials related to your employment application with Ross.Confirm you understand how to cancel this Consent, should you want to do so.Consent to update Ross regarding the information necessary to contact you electronically (including your personal email address) by contacting Ross' Customer Service Department at 1-800-335-1115 or by email at customer.service@ros.com.III. APPLICANT PRIVACY POLICY [Last Updated 11/2019]GeneralThe provision of personal information through the online search and job application functions of the Career Site is subject to this Applicant Privacy Policy as well as the Ross Online Privacy Policy (http://www.rossstores.com/pp.aspx). This Applicant Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through Ross’ Career Site. This Policy does not apply to any other site or page that Ross owns or operates. Our other sites have their own privacy policies.If you are California resident, please refer to the \"Additional Information Regarding California\" section at the end of this Applicant Privacy Policy for more information about our practices, including with respect to personal information that we collect other than through the Ross Career Site.Information You ProvideThis Applicant Privacy Policy covers any personal information you submit through the Career Site as part of the job application or job search process, including:name, contact information;log-in and password;resume, previous work experience and education information;employment preferences, willingness to relocate, current salary (if allowed in your jurisdiction), desired salary and how you heard about the Career Site; andinformation relating to references.Ross is subject to governmental recordkeeping requirements for the administration of equal employment opportunity and other civil rights laws, and to comply with these laws, invites applicants to voluntarily self-identify their race and gender (“EEO Data”). As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Ross does not use this EEO Data in its employment decisions, so your decision whether to submit this EEO Data has no effect on your application, and responses will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Submission of this EEO Data is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment. If you choose to submit it, the information will be kept confidential and will only be used in accordance with the provisions of applicable law.If you intend to provide us with details of a reference or any other third party as part of your résumé, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from the third party prior to passing their personal information to us.Use of Personal InformationThe information that you submit on the Career Site will be stored in the United States. It will be reviewed and processed for the purposes below by employees, consultants and/or service providers of Ross.Personal information you provide through the Career Site will be collected, used, transferred and disclosed for Ross’ recruitment functions and for related management, planning and recordkeeping purposes. Ross may use the personal information you provide to:process your application;assess your capabilities and qualifications for a job;conduct reference checks;provide to you any services available on this Career Site from time to time;communicate with you;comply with any applicable law or regulation;monitor and record services whether provided by a Ross company or a third party; and/orconduct background checks in accordance with applicable law.If Ross elects to make you an offer, personal information you submit may be incorporated into its human resources system and used to manage the new-hire process. If you become an employee, any personal information that you submit may become part of your employee file and may be used for other employment/work- related purposes.Disclosure of Personal InformationRoss will not sell, lease or license your personal information to any third party. There are limited circumstances when Ross may share the information that you submit on-line with third parties, including:(a) Third-Party Service Providers. We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to data analysis, web hosting, background screening, managing this Careers Site, and other administrative purposes. We reserve the right to share personal information about you with such third parties to enable these third parties to provide such services. We prohibit providers from using your personal information for other purposes and from further disclosing your personal information without our prior approval.(b) Assignment. We reserve the right to transfer all information that we collect to a Ross affiliate or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Ross' business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).(c) Law Enforcement; emergencies; compliance. We reserve the right to disclose personal information about you to others (a) as required or permitted under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to governmental requests; (d) to protect our operations or those of any Ross affiliates; (e) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Ross, its affiliates, you or others; and (f) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.(d) Certain Ross' Third-Party Vendors. If you are hired by Ross, Ross may transfer some or all of the information you provided to third-party vendors that assist Ross in the administration and management of your employment relationship with Ross.Data RetentionWe are required to retain information relating to candidates applying for jobs within the United States. If there is no activity in relation to the personal information, Ross may remove it from its database, subject to Ross’ data retention obligations and policies and any applicable legal or regulatory obligations. Note that Ross may delete personal information about you at any time (including your résumé), without any reason. Therefore, please retain your own copy of the personal information provided to us.If you are hired, Ross will retain your personal information for the entire duration of your employment relationship and for as long thereafter as permitted or required by applicable law. These records will be retained for our internal recordkeeping and reporting purposes. During that time, we may use your information to consider you for positions in addition to the position(s) for which you initially applied.Passive Information Collection: Cookies and Similar TechnologyWe and our service providers may use “cookies” and similar technologies on the Career Site. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for recordkeeping purposes. We use cookies and other technologies to better serve with more tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our Career Site.SecurityRoss uses reasonable and appropriate measures to protect information that is transmitted to our systems from unauthorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Ross cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Career Site. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at 1-800-335-1115 or by email at customer.service@ros.com.Using the Career Site Does Not Constitute an Offer of EmploymentThis Career Site does not constitute an offer or promise of employment with respect to any employment position described. Ross may eliminate, modify or change without notice any aspect(s) of the employment positions, compensation, and benefit plans described herein. This Career Site provides descriptions of possible roles within Ross, and the Career Site does not provide binding offers, terms or conditions of employment. Any employment offer that may ensue as a result of the identification of a potential opportunity by a user, or submission of information to Ross, is in accordance with the specific terms of that offer, and not based in any way upon the description of the opportunity on the Career Site.Current Ross EmployeesIf you currently work for a Ross business unit, you must be eligible to apply for a position in a different business unit within Ross. If you accept such a position, your benefits programs and Human Resources policies may change. Please consult with the HR manager for the new position concerning application eligibility, benefit programs, and HR policies applicable to that position.Applicable LawThis Career Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.Changing or Removing Personal Information about YouIf you would like to review, correct, or update your personal information that you have previously provided to us through the Career Site, you may do so by editing your current candidate profile.If you are California resident, please refer to the \"Additional Information Regarding California\" section at the end of this Applicant Privacy Policy for more information about the requests you can make under the California Consumer Privacy Act.Changes to the Applicant Privacy PolicyWe may change this Applicant Privacy Policy from time to time to accurately reflect our information collection, use and disclosure practices, changes in industry practice or changes in law. We reserve the right to amend this Applicant Privacy Policy at any time to address future developments of Ross, the Career Site, changes in industry, or legal trends. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this Applicant Privacy Policy indicates when it was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we posted the revised Applicant Privacy Policy on the Career Site.Additional Information Regarding CaliforniaThis explains what types of personal information (as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) Ross collected (whether online or offline) or disclosed about our prospective, current, and former employees and contractors, as well as their respective emergency contacts and beneficiaries, who are California residents, within the preceding 12 months:(1) We collected the following categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA):A. Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued identifiers (e.g., Social Security number);B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as driver’s license or state identification card number and financial information;C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, medical conditions, and marital status;D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;E. Biometric information, such as fingerprints and voiceprints;F. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;G. Geolocation data, such as device location;H. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as call and video recordings;I. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;J. Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records and directory information; andK. Inferences drawn from any of the personal information listed above.We collect this personal information from you and from other categories of sources, such as publicly available databases and companies that provide assistance with screening and onboarding applicants and employees.As described above, we use this personal information to operate, manage, and maintain our business and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to:Provide, develop, improve, and maintain our products and services;Perform payroll, benefit, and other HR related functionsConduct research and analytics;Maintain our facilities and infrastructure;Undertake quality and safety assurance measures;Conduct risk and security control and monitoring;Detect and prevent fraud;Perform identity verification;Perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations;Comply with law, legal process, and internal policies;Maintain records; andExercise and defend legal claims.(2) We disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties, such as our service providers and affiliates, for our operational business purposes:A. Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued identifiers (e.g., Social Security number);B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as driver’s license or state identification card number and financial information;C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, medical conditions, and marital status;D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;E. Biometric information, such as fingerprints and voiceprints;F. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;G. Geolocation data, such as device location;H. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as call and video recordings;I. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;J. Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records and directory information; andK. Inferences drawn from any of the personal information listed above.(3) We “Share” the following categories of personal information:A. Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued identifiers (e.g., Social Security number);B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as driver’s license or state identification card number and financial information;C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, medical conditions, and marital status;D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;E. Biometric information, such as fingerprints and voiceprints;F. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;G. Geolocation data, such as device location;H. Audio, electronic, visual, similar information, such as call and video recordings;I. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;J. Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records and directory information; andK. Inferences drawn from any of the personal information listed above.“Share” means the same thing as “Sale/Sold” under the CCPA and is the disclosure of personal information for valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of personal information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business. For Ross “sharing” of personal information can be with vendors who we have partnerships with, including but not limited to, benefits administrators, retirement providers, etc., where confidentiality agreements are in place.ConsentBy clicking “I Accept” below, you:1. Agree you have read carefully, understand, and agree to all statements,agreements, and acknowledgements in this Applicant Privacy Policy.2. Accept Ross' collection, use, transfer and disclosure of personal information as described in this Applicant Privacy Policy.IV. RELEASEBy clicking “I Accept” below, you:1. Authorize Ross to investigate all statements contained in your application and on your résumé and other attachments, if any.2. Authorize the individuals, you identify as references to provide Ross with any pertinent information they may have regarding you.3. Understand and authorize Ross to speak with persons not identified by you as references but who may be able to provide pertinent information.4. Fully release Ross, your former or current employers, schools, and other educational institutions, and all other references, persons, organizations, corporations, partnerships, and associations from all claims, demands, or liabilities arising out of or in any way related to investigations or disclosure made regarding your application for employment or continued employment with Ross.V. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT – PLEASE READ CAREFULLYBy clicking “I Accept” below, you:1. Certify under penalty of perjury that the information you will provide during the application process will be true, complete and correct to the best of your knowledge.2. Understand any misrepresentation or omission of information may result in denial of employment or, if hired, may result in termination, regardless of the time lapse before discovery of the false answer or omission.3. Understand, where permissible under applicable state and local law, you may be subject to a pre-employment drug and/or alcohol test after receiving a conditional offer of employment, and your conditional offer will be withdrawn if you fail to pass the test.4. Understand that employment with Ross is contingent on you providing sufficient documentation necessary to establish your identity and eligibility to work in the United States.5. Recognize that this employment application is not an offer of employment.6. Agree that if you are hired by Ross, except where prohibited by applicable law, you will be an at-will employee and understand that your employment will be for an indefinite period and can be terminated at any time for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice, by you or Ross.7. Understand that only the CEO of Ross Stores, Inc., with Board approval, has the authority to enter into any agreement with you for employment for any specified period, or to make any agreement contrary to the at-will employment relationship, and that any such agreement must be in writing and signed by the CEO and you or your authorized representative.8. Understand and agree that if you are hired, your wages, hours, working conditions (other than your at-will employment status), job assignment(s) and compensation rate(s) will be subject to change by Ross in its sole discretion.9. Understand that Ross may share the information contained in this application with other Ross employees for employment and administrative purposes and you hereby consent to such transfer.Massachusetts Applicants: You understand that it is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.Maryland Applicants: YOU UNDERSTAND THAT UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A POLYGRAPH EXAMINATION OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OR A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.Rhode Island Applicants: Ross is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.Note to Applicants: Smoking is prohibited in all indoor areas of Ross unless designated smoking areas have been established by a particular location in accordance with applicable state and local law.Weapons prohibited: Ross prohibits applicants and associates from bringing weapons of any kind into its stores.Contact Us: If you have questions or requests, please send an e-mail to customer.service@ros.com, call us at 1-800-335-1115, or write to 5130 Hacienda Drive, Dublin, CA 94568.RossStores.comddsDISCOUNTS.comPrivacy PolicyContact Us© 2015 Ross Stores, Inc. All rights reserved. All images are representative of merchandise carried in our stores. Styles, colors and items will vary by store."
