"Help desk job hands on test - IT Careers & Jobs - SpiceworksHomeHomeCareersIT Jobs / CareersHelp desk job hands on testby dcclarkon May 20, 2014 at 21:09 UTC 1st PostIT Jobs / Careers25Next: CompensationTEST YOUR SMARTSWhich of the following retains the information it's storing when the system power is turned off?ROMCPURAMGPUSubmit »88% of IT pros got this right.Challenge×Get answers from your peers along with millions of IT pros who visit Spiceworks.Join NowHello,My company is bringing in a couple of potential help desk candidates. This is a brand new position for us. I was asked to set up a 2 hands on tests for the 2 candidates. Any suggestions on what I should set up for a test? I am not looking to make it that hard since this is a tier 1/help desk position but something that at least makes them think a little prior to making the fix. I also do not want the hands on tests to take a lot of time. My boss was looking for something where they have to get into safe mode to make a fix but I am open to suggestions.Thanks!﻿DCprev12next43 Replies· · ·Thai PepperOPMatthew6920 May 20, 2014 at 21:13 UTCJust the basics is a good start. Then ask them what is DHCP? or ask them how to add new users using active directory stuff like that.5· · ·CayenneOPmhacheThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 20, 2014 at 21:14 UTCAsk them to restore network access.1. Disable the network card2. Assign a bogus static IP3. Loosen the Network Cable.I think that's a good start for fixing 90% of network related problems on a single PC.25· · ·CayenneOPJacenRKohler May 20, 2014 at 21:14 UTCHave them reverse crypto locker.Then sell their solution and make lots of moneys.35· · ·AnaheimOPTardis May 20, 2014 at 21:15 UTCYou could corrupt drivers and see if they can find the right ones and reinstall, or have no network connection either by a bad cable, not plugged in right, etc, IPV4/6 turned off. If there is one issue you think they may see time and time again then you could also focus on that. You could also see if they can get into Device manager, check to see if a Windows update installed. Theres a lot you can do with this.EDIT: They don't necessarily have to \"fix\" anything, as long as they can identify the problem and give you a good solution, that should show how they think0· · ·DatilOPxplummerx May 20, 2014 at 21:16 UTCSet a computer up with a static IP address that isn't in your addressing scheme. Tell them that for some reason, the computer can't access the internet. You can then see what steps they try in fixing it.2· · ·SerranoOPdoctorfork May 20, 2014 at 21:18 UTCI guess it depends on what you see as the typical calls. Make sure it's generalist, and not something they'd need to know about your company. Also, make sure the description of the problem matches something a user would say, as opposed to something you would say.For example, give them a PC and say they can't load up their DB app. But make the problem something like their IP being hard coded and with the wrong gateway, (maybe throw something else in like wireless guest access being on). Give them PCs that can't boot.I've found that the best tests for technicians are Kobayashi in nature-make the problem ridiculous, but don't measure them on how they fix it-just judge them on how they approach it.8· · ·MaceOPJimmy T.This person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 20, 2014 at 21:23 UTCdoctorfork wrote:I've found that the best tests for technicians are Kobayashi in nature-make the problem ridiculous, but don't measure them on how they fix it-just how judge them on how they approach it.I agree with this. We don't know all the answers, so the important aspect is to see their troubleshooting skills and how they analyze a situation.5· · ·CayenneOPEdward_BThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 20, 2014 at 21:29 UTCHmmm ... well here almost all the \"Help Desk\" work is done via VNC, and while everyone here seems to be pointing to an actual repair, but most of our help desk calls are really just uneducated users who need help, so I'd focus on some simple domain connected computer tasks.Have him remote to a machine that's setup in my office.Add a network printer from the directory.Map a share.Find a lost file.Restore that file to an earlier version.6· · ·MaceOPJoeWilliamsThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 20, 2014 at 21:33 UTCEBS Computer Services is an IT service provider.You're not looking for knowing the solution to a particular problem - you want someone who can solve generic problems. The thought process is what's important, not necessarily the end result.5· · ·JalapenoOPKimberly K May 20, 2014 at 21:37 UTCHow to change/reset passwords for computer and e-mailEmail - .pst files, missing emails, out of space, away/forwarding messagesDrive mappings - where users should save files, locating files, permissions, troubleshootingPrinters - adding/removing, installing drivers, clearing queueMonitor - resolution, font size, dual monitor setupReplacing peripheralsData gathering/what kind of questions to ask/detailed ticket descriptions etc﻿2· · ·PimientoOPPorticule May 20, 2014 at 22:14 UTC1st PostMaybe set up different situations depending on their work history / experience / knowledge.Maybe user A has built numerous PC's and knows the ins and outs of hardware, drivers, etc, but struggles with networking or visa versa.Then present them with an unknown/uncomfortable situation depending on their interview answers and see how they respond.Certainly keep it 101 for the most part, IMO. All above suggestions are great.0· · ·Thai PepperOPJRCThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 20, 2014 at 22:33 UTCWe do a few things:1. Written test, mostly multiple choice (20 questions) about basic computer stuff and some long answer questions (4) as well. This get's them a score out of 36.2. A hands on test. We unplug the ethernet cable just enough that it does not make a connection, but still looks plugged in. We then change the IP settings to something that we know won't work. The applicant is given a sheet of paper (a \"ticket\") stating that the computer cannot get to the internet or any network share. On it is info on our IP scheme and the UNC to the server share. Then basically it's sit back and watch them work and make notes.We are looking to see how they go about troubleshooting the issue, it is of minimal relevance if they solve it or not.3. We do a role playing test. We get one of our teachers to pretend they are having an e-mail issue (sending a zip file to someone else, but our mail server does not allow zip files as attachments). The teacher then gives us feedback to how he handled the issue, solved it or not and how they felt about their interpersonal skills.It work's fairly well for us.5· · ·Thai PepperOPCA-RT May 21, 2014 at 12:17 UTCHands on at what level? 1st, 2nd or 3rd line?2· · ·JalapenoOPTrevorsGreenTeaBrigade May 21, 2014 at 13:39 UTCGive them a PC and tell them to find the problem but make sure there is no problem and see how long it takes.2· · ·Thai PepperOPJRCThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 21, 2014 at 14:06 UTCCA-RT wrote:Hands on at what level? 1st, 2nd or 3rd line?All levels, since at some point no matter what level you are here you will need to do some basic PR and troubleshooting.0· · ·JalapenoOPo.O May 21, 2014 at 14:12 UTCDo a shut on your outside interface and have them deal with the line forming outside your office while you go get coffee?1· · ·ChipotleOPWinner8466 May 21, 2014 at 15:24 UTCo.O wrote:Do a shut on your outside interface and have them deal with the line forming outside your office while you go get coffee?\"He cried at first and then yelled at the users and told them FB and youtube were garbage anyways, and to go back to work. It will be fixed when it's fixed and that's all they need to know, AND DAMNIT next time put a ticket in or NO SERVICE!. I recommend we hire him at 10% over our initial offer.\"5· · ·Thai PepperOPmattrobertsThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 21, 2014 at 16:25 UTCRemove stuck paper from a printer, build a computer from components, or at least be able to identify its components.Honestly, I'd be looking more for aptitude and personality for that kind of role3· · ·JalapenoOPtyler.bouma May 21, 2014 at 19:37 UTCCommunication, communication, communication... Oh, and how to learn.But really, so much of a tech support's skill comes through on-the-job learning. I would just make sure they know the basics of networking and computer hardware and of course COMMUNICATION.0· · ·JalapenoOParedmondThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 21, 2014 at 20:14 UTCI had 2 potentials, male and female. I sat them both down at different desks with computers that were not yet joined to the domain, both network cards had google's dns, which would prevent them from joining, then let them loose.2nd issue was the too familiar error message that the computer has lost the trust relationship with the domain, only one of them thought to remove the name from the domain prior to joining back up.How about the dreaded \"how to make a PST folder in Outlook\"?0· · ·ChipotleOPColoumbThis person is a verified professional.Verify your account to enable IT peers to see that you are a professional.May 21, 2014 at 20:20 UTCBefore an interview I always look through old support tickets and see what type of problems arise the most, then ask questions about how to solve the most common things.﻿Where I work, we get a lot of questions about how to do various things in Microsoft Office. One question a lot of my users seem to ask is related to Microsoft Word. I make sure to ask about it when I'm interviewing for Help Desk positions. Asked from the user's perspective:I’m working in a Word document, and I want the margins to change in the middle ﻿of the third page. What do I need to do?2· · ·JalapenoOPRowland S May 21, 2014 at 20:36 UTCGreat answer Doctorfork!0· · ·TabascoOPLillebrorOchKarlsson May 21, 2014 at 20:41 UTCSet a wrong gateway in NIC's configuration and ask them to get on Internet. They'll have to figure it was gateway thing...0· · ·CayenneOPYahtzee May 21, 2014 at 20:47 UTCForce a printer jam. Have them clear the jam. If they did it without breaking the printer, give them the job.0prev12nextThis topic has been locked by an administrator and is no longer open for commenting.To continue this discussion, please ask a new question.Read these next...Load More"
