"Draper Part Time (Nights/Weekend) EMS Technician - Utah Disaster KleenupJob Openings >> Draper Part Time (Nights/Weekend) EMS TechnicianDraper Part Time (Nights/Weekend) EMS TechnicianSummaryTitle:Draper Part Time (Nights/Weekend) EMS TechnicianID:11151 PT TechDepartment:OperationsLocation:Draper, UTDescriptionUDK is hiring part time (nights and weekends) on call/as needed flood technicians to be available for response to emergency disaster cleanup projects. Looking for part time employees in our Draper and Layton offices.What are the hours and days/month?Each month, part-time UDK technicians calendar 4-10 days to be on-call for evening and weekend emergency projectsWhat is the pay like?Part-time technicians make an average of $350/month. An hourly rate of $13.50/hour - $15.50/hour when dispatched plus call-out bonuses. Hours vary each month. This is anywhere from 10-20 hours per month. In addition to the hourly rate, a bonus of $30 -$60 is added to each on-call occurrence, with options for multiple call out bonuses in one day. Weekend call outs totaling $200+ are not uncommon.Bonuses:Monday-Thursday $30/per call outFriday - Sunday (& holidays) $60/per call out.Requirements:- Perfect fit for an energetic and active person who is looking for part time or supplementary work- Requires superb customer service skills and compassion for customers undergoing disastrous property losses.- Responsible for operating a truck mount, extracting water, moving furniture and general labor tasks.- Must have independent transportation to arrive at UDK facility. All mobilization after that is in a Company vehicle.- This is a dirty job and requires someone that is not be afraid of getting dirty.- Must be able to lift at least 50 lbs.- Responding to on-calls is mandatory and we have a zero tolerance for no-shows.Other requirements:- Fill our various forms and documentation- Speak English effectively enough to communicate with English speaking customers.- We are a tobacco free organization. Use of tobacco products are prohibited on job sites and company property.This is a great part time opportunity for someone looking to earn some extra cash.Pre-employment requirements:The Immigration Reform and Control Act require employment eligibility certification for all employees. All job offers are contingent upon completion of the I-9 verification process. Applications and new hires are subject to drug testing, background checks, including references and history of criminal convictions and DUI’s. Must have a valid driver’s license with a clear record in the last 3 years.This opening is closed and is no longer accepting applicationsCopyright 2021 Utah Disaster Kleenup. All rights reserved.Powered by ApplicantStack™ Hiring Automation Software"
