"Jobs in Cape Town | JobsFactorJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogAbout UsSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogAbout UsModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs188 jobs found in Cape TownRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisChief Operations OfficerInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAre you a Chief Operations Officer looking for an great new career opportunity? An exciting sports betting business are looking for you to join their team in Lusaka, Zambia . This team are looking for a highly experienced Chief Operations Officer who has experience of specifically building an online sports and gaming business over multi-countries. Does this job sound like the perfect challenge you’ve been waiting for? Keep reading! Your key job responsibilities as the Chief Operations Officer in Lusaka, Zambia will include: Conduct product-focused research in sports betting to assist in high level decision making Analysis of market segmentation Source sportsbook solutions that match client preferences Develop conceptualisation of online and retail sportsbook products and solutions Propose business case to meet changing business priorities (environmental changes, market trends) and grow the business Financial...Mar 18, 2020Full timeAre you a Chief Operations Officer looking for an great new career opportunity? An exciting sports betting business are looking for you to join their team in Lusaka, Zambia . This team are looking for a highly experienced Chief Operations Officer who has experience of specifically building an online sports and gaming business over multi-countries. Does this job sound like the perfect challenge you’ve been waiting for? Keep reading! Your key job responsibilities as the Chief Operations Officer in Lusaka, Zambia will include: Conduct product-focused research in sports betting to assist in high level decision making Analysis of market segmentation Source sportsbook solutions that match client preferences Develop conceptualisation of online and retail sportsbook products and solutions Propose business case to meet changing business priorities (environmental changes, market trends) and grow the business Financial...CEO: SportsbookInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA leading gaming company have an amazing career opportunity for a CEO: Sportsbook to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for someone who will be able to drive the expansion of the business across Africa whilst also maintaining current market positioning in South Africa. If you have a proven track record in the online gaming industry, and are looking for an exciting challenge, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the CEO: Sportsbook in Cape Town will include: Communicating, on behalf of the company, with shareholders, government entities, and the public Developing high quality business strategies and plans ensuring their alignment with short-term and long-term objectives Leading and motivating subordinates to advance employee engagement develop a high performing managerial team Overseeing all operations and business activities to ensure they produce the desired results and are consistent with the...Nov 18, 2020Full timeA leading gaming company have an amazing career opportunity for a CEO: Sportsbook to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for someone who will be able to drive the expansion of the business across Africa whilst also maintaining current market positioning in South Africa. If you have a proven track record in the online gaming industry, and are looking for an exciting challenge, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the CEO: Sportsbook in Cape Town will include: Communicating, on behalf of the company, with shareholders, government entities, and the public Developing high quality business strategies and plans ensuring their alignment with short-term and long-term objectives Leading and motivating subordinates to advance employee engagement develop a high performing managerial team Overseeing all operations and business activities to ensure they produce the desired results and are consistent with the...Full Stack DeveloperInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAn international online gaming software company have an exciting career opportunity for a Full Stack Developer to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for an individual that has extensive experience in a wide range of technologies in the software development field, with a strong focus on responsive desktop and mobile web applications with a financial backend. If you have a preference towards working in teams in an agile environment, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Full Stack Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way...Jul 27, 2020Full timeAn international online gaming software company have an exciting career opportunity for a Full Stack Developer to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for an individual that has extensive experience in a wide range of technologies in the software development field, with a strong focus on responsive desktop and mobile web applications with a financial backend. If you have a preference towards working in teams in an agile environment, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Full Stack Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way...Java Team LeadInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAn investment organisation focused on technology solutions for the gaming industry, have an exciting career opportunity for a Java Team Lead to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for a Java Team Lead to lead one of their scrum development teams. If you have experience as a team leader in agile software development, with a long history of Java development, then this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Java Team Lead in Cape Town will include: Line management of an agile team of developers and QAs Regular one to ones, career development, and performance reviews. This includes training and mentorship of team members Perform the duties of a scrum master: liaise with product management on the client side to gather project requirements; ensure that the team has enough stories to work on each sprint; facilitate scrum ceremonies; ensure that sprint work is carried out in a timely manner; remove...May 19, 2020Full timeAn investment organisation focused on technology solutions for the gaming industry, have an exciting career opportunity for a Java Team Lead to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for a Java Team Lead to lead one of their scrum development teams. If you have experience as a team leader in agile software development, with a long history of Java development, then this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Java Team Lead in Cape Town will include: Line management of an agile team of developers and QAs Regular one to ones, career development, and performance reviews. This includes training and mentorship of team members Perform the duties of a scrum master: liaise with product management on the client side to gather project requirements; ensure that the team has enough stories to work on each sprint; facilitate scrum ceremonies; ensure that sprint work is carried out in a timely manner; remove...Full Stack DeveloperInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAn international online gaming software company have an exciting career opportunity for a Full Stack Developer to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for an individual that has extensive experience in a wide range of technologies in the software development field, with a strong focus on responsive desktop and mobile web applications with a financial backend. If you have a preference towards working in teams in an agile environment, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Full Stack Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way...May 19, 2020Full timeAn international online gaming software company have an exciting career opportunity for a Full Stack Developer to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for an individual that has extensive experience in a wide range of technologies in the software development field, with a strong focus on responsive desktop and mobile web applications with a financial backend. If you have a preference towards working in teams in an agile environment, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Full Stack Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way...NodeJS DeveloperInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAre you passionate about coding? An international dev company are looking for you to join them in Cape Town, South Africa . This team is currently expanding its development team and have an exciting new job opportunity for the right NodeJS Developer . If you are a highly skilled full-stack developer who is passionate about coding and always eager to expand your skills, then get in touch today! Your key job responsibilities as the NodeJS Developer in Cape Town will include: Work in an agile environment with stand-ups, sprints, and planning meetings Work in a small development team taking on new features, spikes and bugs Plan, design, implement, document, test and release new features Do code reviews Deliver stable code Maintain existing code base, and if need be creating documentation and diagrams to substantiate further development Liaise with the QA team to identify and fix bugs Ability to work under pressure Ability to work in...May 19, 2020Full timeAre you passionate about coding? An international dev company are looking for you to join them in Cape Town, South Africa . This team is currently expanding its development team and have an exciting new job opportunity for the right NodeJS Developer . If you are a highly skilled full-stack developer who is passionate about coding and always eager to expand your skills, then get in touch today! Your key job responsibilities as the NodeJS Developer in Cape Town will include: Work in an agile environment with stand-ups, sprints, and planning meetings Work in a small development team taking on new features, spikes and bugs Plan, design, implement, document, test and release new features Do code reviews Deliver stable code Maintain existing code base, and if need be creating documentation and diagrams to substantiate further development Liaise with the QA team to identify and fix bugs Ability to work under pressure Ability to work in...C# DeveloperInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA leading IT company in Cape Town have a great job opportunity for a C# Developer to join their team. This is for a high performing team and candidate should be very well versed in the technologies and is good in communicating their ideas to other team members Your key job responsibilities as the C# Developer in Cape Town will include: Development and integration of new or existing applications into the technical infrastructure and existing business processes Provide technical or functional guidance to project or work teams as needed within a specific discipline Work in an agile team and collaborates on an on-going basis with other team members Analyze, design, develop, test, debug, implement, maintain and/or enhances existing or new systems that are reliable and efficient Requirements for this C# Developer job in Cape Town : Minimum of 6 years of experience Knowledge of building dashboards Understanding of REST...May 19, 2020Full timeA leading IT company in Cape Town have a great job opportunity for a C# Developer to join their team. This is for a high performing team and candidate should be very well versed in the technologies and is good in communicating their ideas to other team members Your key job responsibilities as the C# Developer in Cape Town will include: Development and integration of new or existing applications into the technical infrastructure and existing business processes Provide technical or functional guidance to project or work teams as needed within a specific discipline Work in an agile team and collaborates on an on-going basis with other team members Analyze, design, develop, test, debug, implement, maintain and/or enhances existing or new systems that are reliable and efficient Requirements for this C# Developer job in Cape Town : Minimum of 6 years of experience Knowledge of building dashboards Understanding of REST...Java DeveloperInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAre you a Java Developer looking for an exciting job opportunity that can take your career to new heights? An international online gaming software company are looking for you to join their team in Cape Town . This company develops and maintains software for customers in the online casino and lottery industries. They are looking for a Java Developer with a passion for software development and a strong drive for self-improvement and knowledge sharing. Your key job responsibilities as the Java Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way that would add to valuable...May 14, 2020Full timeAre you a Java Developer looking for an exciting job opportunity that can take your career to new heights? An international online gaming software company are looking for you to join their team in Cape Town . This company develops and maintains software for customers in the online casino and lottery industries. They are looking for a Java Developer with a passion for software development and a strong drive for self-improvement and knowledge sharing. Your key job responsibilities as the Java Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way that would add to valuable...Full Stack DeveloperInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAn international online gaming software company have an exciting career opportunity for a Full Stack Developer to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for an individual that has extensive experience in a wide range of technologies in the software development field, with a strong focus on responsive desktop and mobile web applications with a financial backend. If you have a preference towards working in teams in an agile environment, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Full Stack Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way...May 14, 2020Full timeAn international online gaming software company have an exciting career opportunity for a Full Stack Developer to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for an individual that has extensive experience in a wide range of technologies in the software development field, with a strong focus on responsive desktop and mobile web applications with a financial backend. If you have a preference towards working in teams in an agile environment, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Full Stack Developer in Cape Town will include: Develop defect free code Function within an agile team Attend and contribute to daily standups and other agile ceremonies Assist with breakdown of tasks from business requirements Accurately track time within the systems provided on a daily basis Deliver on sprint commitments Contribute to team planning, discussions and solution designs Constructively communicate in a way...Java Team LeadInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAn investment organisation focused on technology solutions for the gaming industry, have an exciting career opportunity for a Java Team Lead to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for a Java Team Lead to lead one of their scrum development teams. If you have experience as a team leader in agile software development, with a long history of Java development, then this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Java Team Lead in Cape Town will include: Line management of an agile team of developers and QAs Regular one to ones, career development, and performance reviews. This includes training and mentorship of team members Perform the duties of a scrum master: liaise with product management on the client side to gather project requirements; ensure that the team has enough stories to work on each sprint; facilitate scrum ceremonies; ensure that sprint work is carried out in a timely manner; remove...May 14, 2020Full timeAn investment organisation focused on technology solutions for the gaming industry, have an exciting career opportunity for a Java Team Lead to join their team in Cape Town . They are looking for a Java Team Lead to lead one of their scrum development teams. If you have experience as a team leader in agile software development, with a long history of Java development, then this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Java Team Lead in Cape Town will include: Line management of an agile team of developers and QAs Regular one to ones, career development, and performance reviews. This includes training and mentorship of team members Perform the duties of a scrum master: liaise with product management on the client side to gather project requirements; ensure that the team has enough stories to work on each sprint; facilitate scrum ceremonies; ensure that sprint work is carried out in a timely manner; remove...Network Operations Center EngineerInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA gaming company have an exciting job opportunity for a Network Operations Center Engineer to join their team in Cape Town . You will administer the Online Gaming platform and monitor and report on a 24×7 basis. If you have previous experience in a Technical Support or a similar role, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Network Operations Center Engineer in Cape Town will include: 24×7 proactive monitoring and support of the live and pre-production infrastructure Investigate and react to any live issues that might arise Prepare and take part in the periodic release of new software Act as an escalation point for issues flagged by customer support Partake in the design and implementation of new setups Requirements for this Network Operations Center Engineer job in Cape Town : Previous experience in a Technical Support or similar role Good communicator with a natural aptitude for...May 04, 2020Full timeA gaming company have an exciting job opportunity for a Network Operations Center Engineer to join their team in Cape Town . You will administer the Online Gaming platform and monitor and report on a 24×7 basis. If you have previous experience in a Technical Support or a similar role, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Network Operations Center Engineer in Cape Town will include: 24×7 proactive monitoring and support of the live and pre-production infrastructure Investigate and react to any live issues that might arise Prepare and take part in the periodic release of new software Act as an escalation point for issues flagged by customer support Partake in the design and implementation of new setups Requirements for this Network Operations Center Engineer job in Cape Town : Previous experience in a Technical Support or similar role Good communicator with a natural aptitude for...Visual Effects ArtistInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA gaming company have an exciting job opportunity for a creative Visual Effects Artist to join their growing team in Cape Town . They are looking for a talented VFX artist to join their fledgling team of artists, designers, programmers and other creatives. If adding life to 3D models and playing around with particle effects sound like your cup of tea, this is the job for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Visual Effects Artist in Cape Town will include: Create, manage and optimize VFX assets Collaborate with artists, programmers and animators to iterate, polish and deliver projects Optimize VFX effects to fit design and technical constraints Maintain and adhere to a consistent art style as required by creative director or project lead Provide creative and technical assistance Develop, update and optimize workflows and tool chains Cultivate an organized and disciplined workflow Rig and optimise 3D Models and Geometry for...May 04, 2020Full timeA gaming company have an exciting job opportunity for a creative Visual Effects Artist to join their growing team in Cape Town . They are looking for a talented VFX artist to join their fledgling team of artists, designers, programmers and other creatives. If adding life to 3D models and playing around with particle effects sound like your cup of tea, this is the job for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Visual Effects Artist in Cape Town will include: Create, manage and optimize VFX assets Collaborate with artists, programmers and animators to iterate, polish and deliver projects Optimize VFX effects to fit design and technical constraints Maintain and adhere to a consistent art style as required by creative director or project lead Provide creative and technical assistance Develop, update and optimize workflows and tool chains Cultivate an organized and disciplined workflow Rig and optimise 3D Models and Geometry for...Senior Digital Marketing ManagerInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA leading e-commerce group have an exciting job opportunity for a Senior Digital Marketing Manager to join their team in Cape Town . You will help set strategy and creative coordination across all our digital platforms. You will capitalise platform investment, delivering a consistent experience for our customers through synergy of brand, tone of voice and messaging regardless of digital touchpoint. Does this seem like the perfect challenge for you? Keep reading! The Senior Digital Marketing Manager in Cape Town will support the team to improve online content and subsequent marketing campaigns essential to increased revenue and a better digital experience. This job will require you to convert passengers into digital customers of, including the new consumer website and passenger app. Requirements for this Senior Digital Marketing Manager job in Cape Town will include: Extensive digital marketing experience Proven track record in...May 04, 2020Full timeA leading e-commerce group have an exciting job opportunity for a Senior Digital Marketing Manager to join their team in Cape Town . You will help set strategy and creative coordination across all our digital platforms. You will capitalise platform investment, delivering a consistent experience for our customers through synergy of brand, tone of voice and messaging regardless of digital touchpoint. Does this seem like the perfect challenge for you? Keep reading! The Senior Digital Marketing Manager in Cape Town will support the team to improve online content and subsequent marketing campaigns essential to increased revenue and a better digital experience. This job will require you to convert passengers into digital customers of, including the new consumer website and passenger app. Requirements for this Senior Digital Marketing Manager job in Cape Town will include: Extensive digital marketing experience Proven track record in...International Credit ManagerInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA large leading manufacturer have a great job opportunity for an International Credit Manager to join their team in Cape Town . If you have at least 10 years’ experience in Credit management and at least 3 years in a senior role, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Internal Credit Manager in Cape Town will include: Functionally lead credit management in the subsidiaries via local subsidiary Timely reporting of the monthly operational developments in subsidiaries and monthly reporting on the minutes of the subsidiary credit review meetings Routine visits for query resolution with both internal and external customers Ensure timely and effective collection of debts from customers to ensure reduction of DSO, overdue and minimal provisions Credit vetting of new and existing customers periodically to assess and provide acceptable credit limits and terms...Apr 13, 2020Full timeA large leading manufacturer have a great job opportunity for an International Credit Manager to join their team in Cape Town . If you have at least 10 years’ experience in Credit management and at least 3 years in a senior role, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Internal Credit Manager in Cape Town will include: Functionally lead credit management in the subsidiaries via local subsidiary Timely reporting of the monthly operational developments in subsidiaries and monthly reporting on the minutes of the subsidiary credit review meetings Routine visits for query resolution with both internal and external customers Ensure timely and effective collection of debts from customers to ensure reduction of DSO, overdue and minimal provisions Credit vetting of new and existing customers periodically to assess and provide acceptable credit limits and terms...Senior SEO StrategistInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaWould you like to work for a global digital agency that creates experiences that people want and businesses need? This team have an exciting job opportunity for a Senior SEO Strategist to join their team in Cape Town . If you have extensive experience in, and a thorough understanding of search engine optimisation and digital marketing tactics, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Senior SEO Strategist in Cape Town will include: Take a high level overview of campaigns and deliver measureable results Full understanding of redirection and SEO considerations in terms of new site launches Intelligently interpret and respond to internal and client briefs Conduct full website Audits, reporting and present to clients Consult with Development Teams to guide high level website builds to achieve maximum possible traffic volumes Assist client service in...Apr 13, 2020Full timeWould you like to work for a global digital agency that creates experiences that people want and businesses need? This team have an exciting job opportunity for a Senior SEO Strategist to join their team in Cape Town . If you have extensive experience in, and a thorough understanding of search engine optimisation and digital marketing tactics, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Senior SEO Strategist in Cape Town will include: Take a high level overview of campaigns and deliver measureable results Full understanding of redirection and SEO considerations in terms of new site launches Intelligently interpret and respond to internal and client briefs Conduct full website Audits, reporting and present to clients Consult with Development Teams to guide high level website builds to achieve maximum possible traffic volumes Assist client service in...GMP Tech AdvisorInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaWould you like to work with international, tech savvy and forward-thinking specialists in digital marketing? This team have a great job opportunity for a GMP Tech Advisor to join them in Cape Town . Are you passionate about digital marketing? Do you have the desire to learn, test and try new things? Do you pride yourself in delivering great service and results? If the answer is yes, then you might fit right in! The GMP Tech Advisor in Cape Town will be responsible for integrating buy or sell side ad technology platforms (Campaign Manager, Search Ads 360, DV360, Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange) with various other products. You will assist clients with product integration as well as advise on best practices and recommended setups. Furthermore, you should be able to traffic campaigns, troubleshoot various issues within the different platforms as well as train clients and colleagues from beginners to advanced level. Your...Apr 13, 2020Full timeWould you like to work with international, tech savvy and forward-thinking specialists in digital marketing? This team have a great job opportunity for a GMP Tech Advisor to join them in Cape Town . Are you passionate about digital marketing? Do you have the desire to learn, test and try new things? Do you pride yourself in delivering great service and results? If the answer is yes, then you might fit right in! The GMP Tech Advisor in Cape Town will be responsible for integrating buy or sell side ad technology platforms (Campaign Manager, Search Ads 360, DV360, Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange) with various other products. You will assist clients with product integration as well as advise on best practices and recommended setups. Furthermore, you should be able to traffic campaigns, troubleshoot various issues within the different platforms as well as train clients and colleagues from beginners to advanced level. Your...Senior QA Technical Tester, BankingInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAre you a QA Technical Tester with extensive experience? Would you like to work for a global e-commerce leader team based in Cape Town ? We have the perfect job opportunity for you! This amazing team is looking for a focused, self- motivated and dynamic Senior QA Technical Tester to join their banking team. If you are an Automated Tester with manual and automation testing experience, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Senior QA Technical Tester in Cape Town will include: Review, analyse and identify test requirements based on the functional and design specifications from technical documentation (Business/Development briefs, Use Case Diagrams, Architectures and/or Integration Documents) and ensure full understanding of individual deliverables Working with Development & Product teams to understand the requirements and prepare QA documents pertaining to...Apr 13, 2020Full timeAre you a QA Technical Tester with extensive experience? Would you like to work for a global e-commerce leader team based in Cape Town ? We have the perfect job opportunity for you! This amazing team is looking for a focused, self- motivated and dynamic Senior QA Technical Tester to join their banking team. If you are an Automated Tester with manual and automation testing experience, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Senior QA Technical Tester in Cape Town will include: Review, analyse and identify test requirements based on the functional and design specifications from technical documentation (Business/Development briefs, Use Case Diagrams, Architectures and/or Integration Documents) and ensure full understanding of individual deliverables Working with Development & Product teams to understand the requirements and prepare QA documents pertaining to...Senior QA Technical Tester, RiskInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaAre you a QA Technical Tester with extensive experience? Would you like to work for a global e-commerce leader team based in Cape Town ? We have the perfect job opportunity for you! This amazing team is looking for a focused, self- motivated and dynamic Senior QA Technical Tester to join their Risk Team. If you are an Automated Tester with SOAPUI and API Testing experience, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Senior QA Technical Tester in Cape Town will include: Review, analyse and identify test requirements based on the functional and design specifications from technical documentation (Business/Development briefs, Use Case Diagrams, Architectures and/or Integration Documents) and ensure full understanding of individual deliverables Working with Development & Product teams to understand the requirements and prepare QA documents pertaining to planning,...Apr 13, 2020Full timeAre you a QA Technical Tester with extensive experience? Would you like to work for a global e-commerce leader team based in Cape Town ? We have the perfect job opportunity for you! This amazing team is looking for a focused, self- motivated and dynamic Senior QA Technical Tester to join their Risk Team. If you are an Automated Tester with SOAPUI and API Testing experience, this job could be perfect for you! Your key job responsibilities as the Senior QA Technical Tester in Cape Town will include: Review, analyse and identify test requirements based on the functional and design specifications from technical documentation (Business/Development briefs, Use Case Diagrams, Architectures and/or Integration Documents) and ensure full understanding of individual deliverables Working with Development & Product teams to understand the requirements and prepare QA documents pertaining to planning,...Media Trader – MarketingInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaWould you like to work for an award-winning digital marketing agency based in Cape Town ? Keep reading! We have a very exciting job opportunity for a Media Trader to join this award-winning agency. They are looking for someone with DoubleClick and Paid social experience to take a leading role in the development of the agency’s integrated search and display proposition. Your key job responsibilities as the Media Trader in Cape Town will include taking ownership of the end to end delivery of display campaigns, owning the campaign set up and execution and running the team to ensure the service and the results exceed the client’s expectations. You will support the Regional Lead in analysing performance, generating insights and working with the search teams to deliver a rich and integrated service to our clients. You will take a leading role in devising and planning the account strategy, working with...Apr 13, 2020Full timeWould you like to work for an award-winning digital marketing agency based in Cape Town ? Keep reading! We have a very exciting job opportunity for a Media Trader to join this award-winning agency. They are looking for someone with DoubleClick and Paid social experience to take a leading role in the development of the agency’s integrated search and display proposition. Your key job responsibilities as the Media Trader in Cape Town will include taking ownership of the end to end delivery of display campaigns, owning the campaign set up and execution and running the team to ensure the service and the results exceed the client’s expectations. You will support the Regional Lead in analysing performance, generating insights and working with the search teams to deliver a rich and integrated service to our clients. You will take a leading role in devising and planning the account strategy, working with...Corporate ControllerInitiate International Cape Town, South AfricaA large financial services team have a great job opportunity for a Corporate Controller to join their team in Cape Town . The Corporate Controller serves as a key member of the Finance leadership team, overseeing and optimizing the execution of accounting, reporting, tax, payroll, and treasury operations. Your key job responsibilities as the Corporate Controller in Cape Town will include: Responsible for overall integrity and control of the financial data gathering and reporting process, ensuring the financial statements are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals Lead, motivate and direct the staff that is responsible for the following functions: general accounting, cost accounting, international accounting, sales controller, tax and treasury Support LRP financial planning and budget management functions in collaboration with department managers Serve on planning and...Apr 13, 2020Full timeA large financial services team have a great job opportunity for a Corporate Controller to join their team in Cape Town . The Corporate Controller serves as a key member of the Finance leadership team, overseeing and optimizing the execution of accounting, reporting, tax, payroll, and treasury operations. Your key job responsibilities as the Corporate Controller in Cape Town will include: Responsible for overall integrity and control of the financial data gathering and reporting process, ensuring the financial statements are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals Lead, motivate and direct the staff that is responsible for the following functions: general accounting, cost accounting, international accounting, sales controller, tax and treasury Support LRP financial planning and budget management functions in collaboration with department managers Serve on planning and...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterLinkedInBlog© 2021 JobsFactor"
