"job jobse | Deep House Amsterdam job jobse | Deep House AmsterdamMenu	AboutContactDelete or export personal data requestDJ & Producer School | DHA AcademyContact | DHA AcademyMusic Production Courses | DHA AcademyPersonal Development Course | DHA AcademyProjects | DHA AcademyTeam | DHA AcademyThank YouDJ & Producer School NL | DHA AcademyContact NL | DHA AcademyHet Team | DHA AcademyMuziek Productie Courses | DHA AcademyPersoonlijke Ontwikkeling Courses | DHA AcademyProjecten | DHA AcademyHomeLinkpartnersParty AgendaPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicySitemap AmsterdamSlide Anything Popup PreviewTag: job jobse[Playlist] Trance Wax Paradise City Trance Classics	Deep House Amsterdam	>Categories: Playlists	Tags: Bicep, Charlotte de witte, Ejeca, job jobse, Paradise City, Paradise City 2018, playlist, the black madonna, Trance, Trance Wax	20/06/2018	Trance Wax is the new moniker of Belfast born Ejeca, created to blend the artists love for Trance whilst growing up, reimagining classics of the genre into modern-day dance floor highlights. With his first few releases selected by a number of high-profile DJs like Job Jobse, Bicep, The Black Madonna & Charlotte De Witte in their sets, Trance Wax now plays Belgium’s Paradise City Festival, which goes down 29 – 31 June in Brabant, Belgium. Ahead of this, one of our top festivals of the summer, Trance Wax provides 10 of his ultimate Trance classics. Which are yours? James Holden ... Read more	Draaimolen Festival Returns With Strongest Lineup To Date	Deep House Amsterdam	>Categories: Festivals	Tags: ben ufo, Charlotte Oord, Cinemata, Dixon, Dollkraut, Draaimolen, draaimolen festival 2018, Elias Manzian, Freerotation, Heleen Blanken, Holy Pink, I-F, Iregular, job jobse, LSD, marcel dettmann, Nikki Hock, nina kraviz, Oceanic, Oscar Mulero, Solar b2b Mozhgan, Tilburg	20/03/2018	This year, Draaimolen celebrates their fifth anniversary with several special events marking the occasion. So far, these celebrations have included a sold-out birthday celebration with a Nous’Klaer showcase in April and an extra special (soon to be announced) line-up for a free festival Holy Pink in July. Still though, the centerpiece of it all remains Draaimolen Festival 2018, which returns to its beloved location Charlotte Oord on 15 September. Transforming the green space of meters high trees with spectacular stage designs of Iregular, Cinemata, Freerotation, Nikki Hock and Joeri Woudstra and visuals from (amongst others) Heleen Blanken, the event continues ... Read more	Awakenings Drops 100+ Names For 2018 Festival	Deep House Amsterdam	>Categories: Festivals	Tags: adam beyer, Amelie Lens, awakenings, Awakenings festival 2018, ben klock, carl cox, Charlotte de witte, Dax J, Jamie Jones, job jobse, nina kraviz, ricardo villalobos	16/01/2018	Awakenings Festival has just dropped their 2018 line-up, which sees the iconic festival descend upon Spaarnwoude once again from 30 June – 1 July. Over one hundred artists will perform over two days of Techno with some 80.000 visitors are expected. On the 2018 bill, key acts this year include Carl Cox, Adam Beyer, Nina Kraviz, and Sven Väth. Awakenings also will showcase the new generation of Techno heavyweights like Job Jobse, Amelie Lens, Charlotte de Witte and Dax J for their respective festival debuts. Also on hand, and for the first time ever, Richie Hawtin will bring his special ... Read more	Party Report: Innervisions Barcelona	Tina Blaškovič	>Categories: Editorial	Tags: Ame, Barcelona, Dixon, Innervisions, job jobse, john talabot, Pable Espanyol, Schwarzmann, Sonar	17/07/2017	Innervisions took over one of the best locations in Barcelona for such an intimate events which suited the label and the organization itself just perfectly. It was the first time for me at the Plaza Mayor de El Poble Espanyol, but I have to say, it’s an amazing art pavilion that was originally built for the Barcelona International Exhibition in 1929 and represents the “real Spanish town/village”. You can definitely feel the Spanish soul wrapped around the buildings and all the typical arches! Now back to Innervisions event! I actually skipped one day of Sónar, just to be full in ... Read more	Promoter Interview: Audio Obscura	Steve Rickinson	>Categories: Interviews	Tags: ADE, art, audio obscura, Concertgebouw, Dixon, high culture, job jobse, Rijksmuseum	17/05/2017	Audio Obscura is a one of a kind events platform that carefully combines cutting edge electronic artists around the world with truly unique and culturally rich event spaces. Bridding the gap between the electronic music industry and the wider artistic market utilising unique and historic venues parallel to some of the most innovative DJs & producers. Next up, on 25 May, Audio Obscura brings a very special extended b2b set at Het Concertgebouw with Dixon & Job Jobse. Anticipating that event, and many interesting things to come, we spoke with the brains behind Audio Obscura on their plans for the ... Read more	Audio Obscura Brings Dixon b2b Job Jobse For Special Concertgebouw Event	Deep House Amsterdam	>Categories: News	Tags: Amsterdam, audio obscura, Concert Hall, Concertgebouw, Dixon, job jobse, Maceo Plex, Rijksmuseum	29/03/2017	Known for their cutting edge events in one of a kind places, Audio Obscura now brings two titans of the scene together at the one and only Concertgebouw, Amsterdam. Consistently bridging the gap between the electronic music industry and the wider artistic market, Audio Obscura utilizes unique and historic venues with electronic artists (think last ADE’s Maceo Plex under the Rijksmuseum). This time, the crew drops by the world famous concert hall that is Concertgebouw with a very special b2b set featuring the one and only Dixon and Amsterdam favorite Job Jobse. As neither of these artists need any further ... Read more	Melt Festival Adds MIA, Richie Hawtin, Maceo Plex For 2017	Deep House Amsterdam	>Categories: Festivals	Tags: Agoria, Ame, Claptone, Dave, Denis Sulta, Die Antwoord, Dixon, egyptian lover, Ferropolis, Germany, Jennifer Cardini, job jobse, kamasi washington, Kolsch, Lil Silva, Marcel Dettman, Melt festival 2017, Modeselektor, Phoenix, Soulelection, the Kills, tINi	09/02/2017	Back in December, Germany’s famed Melt festival dropped a little taste of their 2017 lineup, with names like Die Antwoord, the Kills, Phoenix, Dixon, Marcel Dettman, Âme b2b Rødhåd, and Bonobo all featured. Now, the festival has unveiled its huge second wave of acts…one that needs to be seen (or, in this case, read) to be believed! First up is the ever-thrilling provocateur MIA (!), alongside Solange collaborator Sampha, who will bring his debut LP “Process”. Lil Silva, Kamasi Washington, Dave, and a Soulelection label showcase also highlight the urban side of things. As for dance music, well, across Melt’s ... Read more	Miami’s Art Basel Unveils Unreal Life + Death Showcase	Steve Rickinson	>Categories: News	Tags: Ame, DJ tennis, Dj Three, hvob, job jobse, Life & Death, Miami, prins thomas, radioslave, Taimur + Fahad	05/11/2016	Last year we brought the word about how Art Basel is quickly taking over the crown for Miami dance music’s most discerning fans (a title once upon a time held by the Winter Music Conference). Now, as the lineups for the 2016 edition slowly start trickling in, we thought we’d highlight DJ Tennis Life + Death showcase as, for us, last year’s was a definitive highlight of the weeklong arts and culture celebration, SoBe style. As you can see from the below flyer, the lineup kicks most other lineups ass with a positively mouth watering lineup: Âme, Job Jobse, HVOB, ... Read more	Festival Report: Oasis Festival 2016	Deep House Amsterdam	>Categories: Festivals	Tags: Bicep, Black madonna, butch, derrick may, Dixon, Festival, george fitzgerald, jeff mills, job jobse, Marrakesh, Morocco, Oasis Festival, Omar Souleyman, Spoetnik	24/09/2016	When you think of Morocco, the first things that will spring up are probably the classic and romantic connotations from popular fiction like Casablanca and Lawrence Of Arabia (not set in Morocco but you get where I’m going at). What nobody expects in this Northern-African, is a quality dance music festival in a luxurious surrounding with reigning artists like Dixon, The Black Madonna & Tale of Us. So there, in the middle of the desert, just south of the state’s capital of Marrakech, laid Oasis Festival. The festival’s second edition had a change of location and was moved to “The ... Read more	10 Best (Late) 2016 Summer Festivals	Jack Roland	>Categories: Festivals	Tags: Alessandro Cortini, Awanto 3, ben klock, Bicep, Boo Williams, Cabaret Voltaire, dekmantel, Der Dritte Raum, dimensions, Dixon, DJ Harvey, Dollkraut, Draaimolen, Florian Kupfer, Flow Festival, giegling, helena hauff, job jobse, Marcel Dettman, mcde, Mood II Swing, Nation of Gondwana, nina kraviz, Oasis, Odyssia, Omar Souleyman, paradigm, Randomer, ricardo villalobos, Ron Morelli, Rødhåd, Sven Dohse, The Zenker Brothers, tony allen, Vakula, Veronica Vasicka, Young Marco, Zeezout	22/06/2016	Summer is inching towards the halfway mark, with only a few weeks in the mix – it’s time to turn our begoggled eyes to late summer festival season. Its June. Thus far, you’ve probably had an alright summer – but the opportunities to be extraordinarily sinful whilst having copious amounts of ultraviolet rays absolutely burn your body are beginning to wane. Most of the rave heads have probably made it a few festivals already, but some of us working-life people are still looking to escape our tragic albinism. That’s why we set out what we think are the ten best festivals during the second half of summer ... Read more	Toronto’s Electric Island Drops Star Studded Season Lineup	Steve Rickinson	>Categories: Festivals	Tags: Dixon, DJ tennis, Electric Island, Jamie Jones, job jobse, sven väth, toronto	13/05/2016	Electric Island has put itself on the map by bringing in top international artists to Toronto each summer with 2016 also seeing a two day Electric Island event on Labour Day Weekend, for the very first time. The lineup for this year’s festivities includes Âme, French trio sensation Apollonia, and German super-house duo andhim will make their Electric Island debut. For those into the techno side of things, don’t worry because you are covered too: Ben Klock and Marcel Dettmann will provide a special b2b, as well as Bicep and South Africa’s Black Coffee will also join the mix. Of ... Read more	Report: DGTL Festival 2016	Jack Dolan	>Categories: News, Festivals	Tags: Adana Twins, Adriatique, Ame, DGTL, DJ tennis, jackmaster, Jennifer Cardini, job jobse, joy orbison, motor city drum ensemble, Optimo, Tale of Us	30/03/2016	Looking across the lineup for DGTL festival, it’s tricky to know quite what to expect. If one thing is clear; no expense has been spared. Even half way down the list, you’re looking at names that would normally be headliners in their own right. If you’re looking for a heavy weigh-in of DJs for your hard earned euros, then DGTL festival is the one but that’s assuming you get as excited about Gold Panda as you do about Adriatique. When you arrive at the site you’re first struck by the sheer size of it. Six prefabricated stages are spread around ... Read more	Oasis Festival Announces Second Wave Of 2016 Acts	Steve Rickinson	>Categories: Festivals, News	Tags: Bicep, David August, derrick may, Dixon, dubfire, helena hauff, job jobse, Lindstrøm, Marrakech, maya jane coles, Morocoo, motor city drum ensemble, Oasis Festival, Omar Souleyman, prins thomas, Tale of Us, the black madonna, The Source	16/03/2016	Oasis festival has just unveiled a huge second wave of acts set to descend on Marrakesch for the events second edition. Welcoming the likes of David August, Dubfire, Helena Hauff, Job Jobse, Leon Vynehall, Lindstrøm, Maya Jane Coles, Motor City Drum Ensemble, Omar Souleyman, Prins Thomas and more, these new acts will join Dixon, Derrick May, Tale Of Us, The Black Madonna, Bicep, Hunee and more for Morocco’s leading electronic music festival. Furthermore, in addition to the lineup, Oasis has taken an exciting step forward and will take place in Marrakech’ luxurious The Source. The private resort is picture-perfect for ... Read more	De School Announces April Lineups	Steve Rickinson	>Categories: News	Tags: Amsterdam, Antal, de school, job jobse, joy orbison, Leon Vynhehall, Midland, Tom Trago	19/02/2016	The April 2016 programme has been released for Amsterdam’s new venue, De School, and it doesn’t disappoint. In keeping with the club’s philosophy of pairing local DJs with International artists, the club brings the likes of Tom Trago, Job Jobse, Antal, Midland, Joy Orbison, Leon Vynhehall and more. Check out the full April lineup below and go to De School’s website for tickets and more information. Apr 01 Koreless, Cleveland & Arif Apr 02 Ron Morelli & Robert Bergman Apr 08 Martelo, Vic Crezée & Mairo Nawaz Apr 09 Rrose & JP Enfant Apr 15 Chida, Mark Seven & Young ... Read more	De School Announces Opening Date, Programming For Coming Months	Milan van Ooijen	>Categories: News	Tags: barnt, de school, Dekmantel Soundsystem, DJ Sotofett, Interstellar Funk, job jobse, konstantin, Kornel Kovacs, Makam, Peter Van Hoesen, Robert Bergman, sandrien, Shanti Celeste, Tom Trago, Young Marco	15/12/2015	Club Trouw’s much anticipated successor, De School, has come out with the first information regarding the opening date, the club, restaurant and programming for the first months. On January 3, De School will open its doors to the club and the just announced restaurant that will be housed under the same roof . The focus of the club will rely heavily on a pool of talented local artists like Tom Trago, Sandrien, Makam, Dekmantel Soundsystem, Job Jobse, Interstellar Funk, Robert Bergman and Young Marco, as well as loyal Trouw international Seth Troxler. Other names mentioned in the programming for the first period after opening are ... Read more	Next »"
