"Database jobs | HireLatinos.orgJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingModal titleCloseFind Jobs29 Database jobsContract and Data Support SpecialistCascade AIDS Project Portland ORCascade AIDS Project (CAP), the oldest and largest AIDS Service Organization (ASO) in Oregon and Southwest Washington, is committed to supporting and empowering all people living with or affected by HIV, reduce stigma, and provide the LGBTQ+ community and beyond with compassionate healthcare. Learn more about us at http://www.capnw.org/. CAP is excited to announce that we are currently hiring an experienced Contract and Data Support Specialist to support the Housing & Support Services and SW Washington teams. This is a full-time, exempt 1.0 FTE position, which reports to the Director of Housing & Support Services. Responsibilities include: coordinate with program managers to ensure program success metrics can be efficiently recorded in and retrieved from agency databases (ServicePoint, CAREWare & Provide); develop and maintain tools for recording and reporting such metrics; complete reporting to contracting agencies; provide analysis of data for strategic development; create and maintain training material and data entry guidelines; train newly hired staff on agency-specific systems; monitor data quality; act as CAP liaison at Agency Administrator meetings held by Portland Housing Bureau; and provide reports of necessary revisions to department management for distribution to responsible staff. This position also coordinates export of ServicePoint and Provide data into the CAREWare system used by the Ryan White care network, ensures data quality of the information provided, and acts as an Agency Administrator, serving as the main technical contact for that system. Additional responsibilities may include: develop and maintain additional information resource collection for staff and clients; develop a database training manual for staff; assist with quality management and program improvement. The person in this position is stationed in CAP’s Davis St (Portland) office, but will also provide support remotely to CAP’s SW Washington (Vancouver) office. Occasional evening and weekend work are required. This is a non-management, union represented position. Required Qualifications: 3 years of related professional experience Significant experience with database management Software proficiency in Microsoft Access, including familiarity with Access VBA, and Excel environments Excellent problem-solving skills; creative thinking and ability to prioritize work projects and meet deadlines with limited supervision Ability to work independently with accountability Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, including ability to create and edit reports for contracting agencies Successful experience working with racial, ethnic, sexual and economically diverse populations Ability to travel throughout the service area as needed Available to work occasional evenings and weekends Preferred Qualifications: Additional relevant certification, training, or experience Experience working with ServicePoint or other Homeless Management Information Systems (HMIS) Experience working with CAREWare and/or Provide Knowledge and understanding of federal and local housing programs Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university Experience with contract reporting Lived experience of systemic oppression and non-dominant cultures. We encourage applications from Black, Indigenous and other people of color, transgender, non-binary and other LGBTQ+ people, and people with disabilities, including HIV Compensation: $55,195 annually; employer-paid health, dental, vision, short-term and long-term disability and life insurance; 401(k) retirement plan with generous employer matching contribution, 125C cafeteria savings plan; generous vacation and health leave benefits. Closing Date: Open until filled. To apply for this position, mail, email, fax, or deliver the following three documents: 1) a complete cover letter (attached as Word or pdf) that serves as an example of your writing and addresses how you meet all of the required qualifications specific to the position you are applying for, 2) your resume, and 3) a completed CAP Employment application (available at http://www.capnw.org/careers/) to: jobs@capnw.org - or – Cascade AIDS Project Contract & Data Support Specialist Position 520 NW Davis St., Suite 215 Portland, Oregon 97209 Fax: 503-223-6437 Cascade AIDS Project is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer People of color, women, LGBTQ+ individuals and people living with HIV are strongly encouraged to apply.Jan 13, 2021Full timeCascade AIDS Project (CAP), the oldest and largest AIDS Service Organization (ASO) in Oregon and Southwest Washington, is committed to supporting and empowering all people living with or affected by HIV, reduce stigma, and provide the LGBTQ+ community and beyond with compassionate healthcare. Learn more about us at http://www.capnw.org/. CAP is excited to announce that we are currently hiring an experienced Contract and Data Support Specialist to support the Housing & Support Services and SW Washington teams. This is a full-time, exempt 1.0 FTE position, which reports to the Director of Housing & Support Services. Responsibilities include: coordinate with program managers to ensure program success metrics can be efficiently recorded in and retrieved from agency databases (ServicePoint, CAREWare & Provide); develop and maintain tools for recording and reporting such metrics; complete reporting to contracting agencies; provide analysis of data for strategic development; create and maintain training material and data entry guidelines; train newly hired staff on agency-specific systems; monitor data quality; act as CAP liaison at Agency Administrator meetings held by Portland Housing Bureau; and provide reports of necessary revisions to department management for distribution to responsible staff. This position also coordinates export of ServicePoint and Provide data into the CAREWare system used by the Ryan White care network, ensures data quality of the information provided, and acts as an Agency Administrator, serving as the main technical contact for that system. Additional responsibilities may include: develop and maintain additional information resource collection for staff and clients; develop a database training manual for staff; assist with quality management and program improvement. The person in this position is stationed in CAP’s Davis St (Portland) office, but will also provide support remotely to CAP’s SW Washington (Vancouver) office. Occasional evening and weekend work are required. This is a non-management, union represented position. Required Qualifications: 3 years of related professional experience Significant experience with database management Software proficiency in Microsoft Access, including familiarity with Access VBA, and Excel environments Excellent problem-solving skills; creative thinking and ability to prioritize work projects and meet deadlines with limited supervision Ability to work independently with accountability Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, including ability to create and edit reports for contracting agencies Successful experience working with racial, ethnic, sexual and economically diverse populations Ability to travel throughout the service area as needed Available to work occasional evenings and weekends Preferred Qualifications: Additional relevant certification, training, or experience Experience working with ServicePoint or other Homeless Management Information Systems (HMIS) Experience working with CAREWare and/or Provide Knowledge and understanding of federal and local housing programs Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university Experience with contract reporting Lived experience of systemic oppression and non-dominant cultures. We encourage applications from Black, Indigenous and other people of color, transgender, non-binary and other LGBTQ+ people, and people with disabilities, including HIV Compensation: $55,195 annually; employer-paid health, dental, vision, short-term and long-term disability and life insurance; 401(k) retirement plan with generous employer matching contribution, 125C cafeteria savings plan; generous vacation and health leave benefits. Closing Date: Open until filled. To apply for this position, mail, email, fax, or deliver the following three documents: 1) a complete cover letter (attached as Word or pdf) that serves as an example of your writing and addresses how you meet all of the required qualifications specific to the position you are applying for, 2) your resume, and 3) a completed CAP Employment application (available at http://www.capnw.org/careers/) to: jobs@capnw.org - or – Cascade AIDS Project Contract & Data Support Specialist Position 520 NW Davis St., Suite 215 Portland, Oregon 97209 Fax: 503-223-6437 Cascade AIDS Project is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer People of color, women, LGBTQ+ individuals and people living with HIV are strongly encouraged to apply.NORTH CAROLINA DATA DIRECTORAmerica Votes Raleigh, North CarolinaORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org. America Votes is committed to developing long-term roadmaps and setting critical goals for states. With an eye on redistricting and the consequences of extreme conservative gerrymanders, these efforts are essential to building progressive power in the states, session-by-session and election-by-election. COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes North Carolina is seeking a well-organized self-starter for a full-time position as Data Director. The North Carolina Data Director plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes North Carolina utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to manage these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position reports directly to the North Carolina State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Raleigh, North Carolina, with remote work negotiable through the pandemic. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. This includes assisting partners in employing program implementation best practices as well as converting technical data to actionable issue advocacy and electoral campaign recommendations. Lead data presentation development. Must be comfortable developing district profiles, landscape memos, slide show presentations, and other documents to communicate data analysis with key stakeholders. Work with the State Director to lead America Votes North Carolina data analysis and coordination efforts, and provide strategic data-driven recommendations to partners on field and targeting. Work with America Votes North Carolina staff, partners, vendors, consultants, and others for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation and management of voter and member data. Manage voter file access for AV partner organizations and their consultants. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web based programs, and text messaging programs. Work with other AV North Carolina staff and partner groups to ensure that political and voter contact programs are maximizing shared voter file, targeting, and other data resources. This includes supporting AV-NC staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans. Lead partner and organizational VAN and data trainings. Strategic planning assistance – support coalition partners through the development of campaign plans (electoral, voting rights, and issue campaigns), providing technical assistance, responding to programmatic requests and participating actively in long-range strategic planning for the North Carolina progressive movement. Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support and enhance issue advocacy and voter contact programs. This includes assisting partners in employing best practices and VAN training. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in political or organizing settings. Understanding of how power and privilege can show up in data-- both in access to data and the data itself. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Must be comfortable and able to present data in understandable ways-- including visualizations, historical context, and more. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with North Carolina political landscape and/or independent expenditure campaigns. Experience conducting small group trainings or developing training materials for end users. COMPENSATION The salary for this position will be between $58,000 and $65,000 and depend upon the applicant’s experience. Benefits for this position include health, dental, and vision insurance as well as a 401(K) and paid vacation, sick days and parental leave. TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. Interviews will start the week of November 23 and positions will remain posted until filled. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Nov 24, 2020Full timeORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org. America Votes is committed to developing long-term roadmaps and setting critical goals for states. With an eye on redistricting and the consequences of extreme conservative gerrymanders, these efforts are essential to building progressive power in the states, session-by-session and election-by-election. COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes North Carolina is seeking a well-organized self-starter for a full-time position as Data Director. The North Carolina Data Director plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes North Carolina utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to manage these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position reports directly to the North Carolina State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Raleigh, North Carolina, with remote work negotiable through the pandemic. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. This includes assisting partners in employing program implementation best practices as well as converting technical data to actionable issue advocacy and electoral campaign recommendations. Lead data presentation development. Must be comfortable developing district profiles, landscape memos, slide show presentations, and other documents to communicate data analysis with key stakeholders. Work with the State Director to lead America Votes North Carolina data analysis and coordination efforts, and provide strategic data-driven recommendations to partners on field and targeting. Work with America Votes North Carolina staff, partners, vendors, consultants, and others for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation and management of voter and member data. Manage voter file access for AV partner organizations and their consultants. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web based programs, and text messaging programs. Work with other AV North Carolina staff and partner groups to ensure that political and voter contact programs are maximizing shared voter file, targeting, and other data resources. This includes supporting AV-NC staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans. Lead partner and organizational VAN and data trainings. Strategic planning assistance – support coalition partners through the development of campaign plans (electoral, voting rights, and issue campaigns), providing technical assistance, responding to programmatic requests and participating actively in long-range strategic planning for the North Carolina progressive movement. Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support and enhance issue advocacy and voter contact programs. This includes assisting partners in employing best practices and VAN training. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in political or organizing settings. Understanding of how power and privilege can show up in data-- both in access to data and the data itself. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Must be comfortable and able to present data in understandable ways-- including visualizations, historical context, and more. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with North Carolina political landscape and/or independent expenditure campaigns. Experience conducting small group trainings or developing training materials for end users. COMPENSATION The salary for this position will be between $58,000 and $65,000 and depend upon the applicant’s experience. Benefits for this position include health, dental, and vision insurance as well as a 401(K) and paid vacation, sick days and parental leave. TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. Interviews will start the week of November 23 and positions will remain posted until filled. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Membership & Database CoordinatorWashington Area Bicyclist Association Washington, DCIntroduction WABA seeks an enthusiastic fundraiser and creative systems thinker for our Membership & Database Coordinator. This role is right for someone who likes helping people get the information they need and finding solutions to maximize efficiency on a shoestring budget. The role coordinates two bodies of work: our membership program and our Salesforce CRM used across the organization. Our members are the foundation of everything we do, and this person cultivates and stewards thousands of people in our network who give $150,000+ annually, primarily through digital communications. WABA launched a pay-what-you-can membership model in fall 2020, and the Membership & Database Coordinator will sustain and grow this program with a goal of reaching 10,000 dues-paying members within two years. Read more about the new model here . Our Salesforce CRM is the tool everyone at WABA uses to support members, organize work, track progress and success, and make data-driven decisions. WABA switched to Salesforce (with several third-party integrations) in 2018 and is continuing to learn how to best make the tools work for us. The Membership & Database Coordinator will learn, maintain, and improve the database to help everyone at WABA work smarter. The Team The Membership & Database Coordinator is part of the development team and reports to WABA’s Development Director. The collaborative team includes a Business Partnerships Coordinator and Events & Development Coordinator; everyone works closely together on projects throughout the year, especially around events, campaigns, and appeals. The Membership & Database Coordinator will spend about 25% of their time with the communications team, who know the CRM best, and will report to the Communications Director on some projects. The database components of the job mean the Membership & Database Coordinator will work with everyone on staff throughout the year, who have varying levels of fluency and comfort in Salesforce. Job Responsibilities The Membership & Database Coordinator’s role balances ongoing donor communications, support, cultivation and stewardship with systems thinking and problem solving in WABA’s database. Sustaining Membership: The Membership & Database Coordinator is usually the first point of contact for 5,000+ dues-paying WABA members giving $1 - $1,000 a year. Members will come to this person with questions about WABA’s work, membership benefits, ways to plug in, and much more. The Membership & Database Coordinator stewards relationships, sustains memberships and increases donor giving. Activities to support and steward our existing members include: Responding to member inquiries by phone or email kindly, accurately, and within one business day; Regularly updating membership materials with relevant, engaging information; Processing memberships and donations in the database, then preparing, printing, and mailing relevant materials; Designing and implementing occasional membership appreciation and engagement events, including in-person events (when safe) and virtual gatherings; Working with WABA’s Business Partnership Coordinator to identify and secure Member Extras ; Coordinating with volunteers to call members when their memberships expire; and Picking up the phone whenever there’s downtime to thank a member for their support. Expanding Membership: The Membership & Database Coordinator also seeks to expand and diversify our membership. We have a goal of reaching 10,000 members in the next two years, and seek a membership base that reflects the diversity of people who bike in our region. This portion of the role especially invites creativity and innovation as we build off our new pay-what-you-can model. Activities to grow our membership include, but are not limited to: Collaborating closely with other staff in external-facing roles, especially WABA’s outreach team, to: Craft thoughtful and compelling talking points, Support staff in building confidence and comfort fundraising, Set appropriate metrics and measures of success for acquisition, and Track acquisition metrics and refining materials; Organizing two membership drives a year, including one in partnership with Bike to Work Day; and Representing WABA at our events, public community events, Combined Federal Campaign fairs, and beyond. CRM Administration: In collaboration with the Communications team, the Membership & Database Coordinator keeps Salesforce and several third-party apps (FormAssembly, Click & Pledge, Volunteers for Salesforce, and Phone2Action) running smoothly and supports staff in getting what they need from the system. Activities to maintain and improve the database for WABA’s use include: Supporting staff in Salesforce, including onboarding, training, and helping problem-solve together, and making the database work for them; Working with all staff to identify information needs, then develop processes, reports, and dashboards that provide that information; Monitoring existing and future CRM needs or frustrations, getting out ahead of changes and challenges. Additional Responsibilities: The Membership & Database Coordinator will support and staff every major event. WABA is a small office and everyone ends up helping out with things like tidying up, stuffing envelopes (many of which this person will be mailing), loading our youth bike fleet into the van, and more. Qualifications Core Requirements We perceive these competencies essential to the job: Demonstrated success in—and a passion for!—fundraising; Demonstrated creative problem solving in a technical environment; Ability to communicate technical material (the database) in approachable language; Previous CRM database management, administration, or configuration experience; A commitment to inclusivity and support for anyone coming to WABA, regardless of their background or lived experience; An ability to keep yourself organized, a commitment to follow through; and A willingness to jump in and help out. Useful Skills & Experience If you have this experience or these skills, let us know. You don’t need them to be considered for the position, but you should be eager to learn: Experience with Salesforce, FormAssembly, Click & Pledge, Volunteers for Salesforce, and/or Phone2Action; The ability to craft a compelling, engaging narrative; Proficiency in Javascript and/or Microsoft Excel; A commitment to being a safe and exemplary bicyclist if and when you ride; and An enthusiastic commitment to WABA’s mission. Support There’s a lot of work to do, and this person will be part of a mutually supportive team to help get it done. Additionally, the Membership & Database Coordinator has the support of: A full staff and board committed to membership growth; Thorough documentation of our Salesforce processes; and Likely overlap with departing staff who have deep knowledge in WABA’s systems. Benefits This is a full time salaried exempt position with compensatory time in exchange for additional weekend and evening hours worked. The expected salary range is $43,000 - $45,000. WABA pays 100% of the health, dental, and vision insurance premiums. Additional benefits include: Vacation, sick and personal leave: Accrue up to 120 hours of paid vacation starting in your first year, with additional hours in your third, fifth, and tenth year of service. Accrue up to 160 hours annually of paid sick time starting in your first year. You may use accrued sick time for unscheduled leave when not feeling well (mind or body), as well as for scheduled medical appointments. Immediate access to WABA’s 403(b) retirement program, with up to a 5% employer match after one year of service. Optional commuter transit benefit (pre tax deduction). Optional voluntary benefits including, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, other. Ten paid holidays annually following the federal holiday calendar. A fun and relaxed office environment (currently 90% remote). Passionate, supportive colleagues who are dedicated to working together for our mission and seeing the impact of our work. How to Apply Send a compelling, relevant cover letter and resume to jobs@waba.org with “Membership & Database Coordinator” in the subject line. We anticipate interviews will begin in November with a start date in early January. That process will be fully remote and require a device suitable for video conferencing. The candidate must be located in the Washington, DC area — while our office in NW DC is closed and we are working from home, the Membership & Database Coordinator is required to be in the empty office several times a month to process and mail membership cards and acknowledgements. WABA is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, arrest record or criminal convictions, political affiliation, sexual orientation or gender identity, disability, sex, or age. No phone calls please.Oct 29, 2020Full timeIntroduction WABA seeks an enthusiastic fundraiser and creative systems thinker for our Membership & Database Coordinator. This role is right for someone who likes helping people get the information they need and finding solutions to maximize efficiency on a shoestring budget. The role coordinates two bodies of work: our membership program and our Salesforce CRM used across the organization. Our members are the foundation of everything we do, and this person cultivates and stewards thousands of people in our network who give $150,000+ annually, primarily through digital communications. WABA launched a pay-what-you-can membership model in fall 2020, and the Membership & Database Coordinator will sustain and grow this program with a goal of reaching 10,000 dues-paying members within two years. Read more about the new model here . Our Salesforce CRM is the tool everyone at WABA uses to support members, organize work, track progress and success, and make data-driven decisions. WABA switched to Salesforce (with several third-party integrations) in 2018 and is continuing to learn how to best make the tools work for us. The Membership & Database Coordinator will learn, maintain, and improve the database to help everyone at WABA work smarter. The Team The Membership & Database Coordinator is part of the development team and reports to WABA’s Development Director. The collaborative team includes a Business Partnerships Coordinator and Events & Development Coordinator; everyone works closely together on projects throughout the year, especially around events, campaigns, and appeals. The Membership & Database Coordinator will spend about 25% of their time with the communications team, who know the CRM best, and will report to the Communications Director on some projects. The database components of the job mean the Membership & Database Coordinator will work with everyone on staff throughout the year, who have varying levels of fluency and comfort in Salesforce. Job Responsibilities The Membership & Database Coordinator’s role balances ongoing donor communications, support, cultivation and stewardship with systems thinking and problem solving in WABA’s database. Sustaining Membership: The Membership & Database Coordinator is usually the first point of contact for 5,000+ dues-paying WABA members giving $1 - $1,000 a year. Members will come to this person with questions about WABA’s work, membership benefits, ways to plug in, and much more. The Membership & Database Coordinator stewards relationships, sustains memberships and increases donor giving. Activities to support and steward our existing members include: Responding to member inquiries by phone or email kindly, accurately, and within one business day; Regularly updating membership materials with relevant, engaging information; Processing memberships and donations in the database, then preparing, printing, and mailing relevant materials; Designing and implementing occasional membership appreciation and engagement events, including in-person events (when safe) and virtual gatherings; Working with WABA’s Business Partnership Coordinator to identify and secure Member Extras ; Coordinating with volunteers to call members when their memberships expire; and Picking up the phone whenever there’s downtime to thank a member for their support. Expanding Membership: The Membership & Database Coordinator also seeks to expand and diversify our membership. We have a goal of reaching 10,000 members in the next two years, and seek a membership base that reflects the diversity of people who bike in our region. This portion of the role especially invites creativity and innovation as we build off our new pay-what-you-can model. Activities to grow our membership include, but are not limited to: Collaborating closely with other staff in external-facing roles, especially WABA’s outreach team, to: Craft thoughtful and compelling talking points, Support staff in building confidence and comfort fundraising, Set appropriate metrics and measures of success for acquisition, and Track acquisition metrics and refining materials; Organizing two membership drives a year, including one in partnership with Bike to Work Day; and Representing WABA at our events, public community events, Combined Federal Campaign fairs, and beyond. CRM Administration: In collaboration with the Communications team, the Membership & Database Coordinator keeps Salesforce and several third-party apps (FormAssembly, Click & Pledge, Volunteers for Salesforce, and Phone2Action) running smoothly and supports staff in getting what they need from the system. Activities to maintain and improve the database for WABA’s use include: Supporting staff in Salesforce, including onboarding, training, and helping problem-solve together, and making the database work for them; Working with all staff to identify information needs, then develop processes, reports, and dashboards that provide that information; Monitoring existing and future CRM needs or frustrations, getting out ahead of changes and challenges. Additional Responsibilities: The Membership & Database Coordinator will support and staff every major event. WABA is a small office and everyone ends up helping out with things like tidying up, stuffing envelopes (many of which this person will be mailing), loading our youth bike fleet into the van, and more. Qualifications Core Requirements We perceive these competencies essential to the job: Demonstrated success in—and a passion for!—fundraising; Demonstrated creative problem solving in a technical environment; Ability to communicate technical material (the database) in approachable language; Previous CRM database management, administration, or configuration experience; A commitment to inclusivity and support for anyone coming to WABA, regardless of their background or lived experience; An ability to keep yourself organized, a commitment to follow through; and A willingness to jump in and help out. Useful Skills & Experience If you have this experience or these skills, let us know. You don’t need them to be considered for the position, but you should be eager to learn: Experience with Salesforce, FormAssembly, Click & Pledge, Volunteers for Salesforce, and/or Phone2Action; The ability to craft a compelling, engaging narrative; Proficiency in Javascript and/or Microsoft Excel; A commitment to being a safe and exemplary bicyclist if and when you ride; and An enthusiastic commitment to WABA’s mission. Support There’s a lot of work to do, and this person will be part of a mutually supportive team to help get it done. Additionally, the Membership & Database Coordinator has the support of: A full staff and board committed to membership growth; Thorough documentation of our Salesforce processes; and Likely overlap with departing staff who have deep knowledge in WABA’s systems. Benefits This is a full time salaried exempt position with compensatory time in exchange for additional weekend and evening hours worked. The expected salary range is $43,000 - $45,000. WABA pays 100% of the health, dental, and vision insurance premiums. Additional benefits include: Vacation, sick and personal leave: Accrue up to 120 hours of paid vacation starting in your first year, with additional hours in your third, fifth, and tenth year of service. Accrue up to 160 hours annually of paid sick time starting in your first year. You may use accrued sick time for unscheduled leave when not feeling well (mind or body), as well as for scheduled medical appointments. Immediate access to WABA’s 403(b) retirement program, with up to a 5% employer match after one year of service. Optional commuter transit benefit (pre tax deduction). Optional voluntary benefits including, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, other. Ten paid holidays annually following the federal holiday calendar. A fun and relaxed office environment (currently 90% remote). Passionate, supportive colleagues who are dedicated to working together for our mission and seeing the impact of our work. How to Apply Send a compelling, relevant cover letter and resume to jobs@waba.org with “Membership & Database Coordinator” in the subject line. We anticipate interviews will begin in November with a start date in early January. That process will be fully remote and require a device suitable for video conferencing. The candidate must be located in the Washington, DC area — while our office in NW DC is closed and we are working from home, the Membership & Database Coordinator is required to be in the empty office several times a month to process and mail membership cards and acknowledgements. WABA is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, arrest record or criminal convictions, political affiliation, sexual orientation or gender identity, disability, sex, or age. No phone calls please.Senior Database Warehouse and Metadata ArchitectOregon Health Authority Portland or Salem, OregonThe Oregon Health Authority has a fantastic opportunity for a Database Architect to join an excellent team, design key databases and work to advance their IT operations. This position falls under the Classification Information Systems Specialist 8. WHAT YOU WILL DO! As a Senior Database Warehouse and Metadata Architect, you will provide for the distribution of data from the external Integrated Eligibility (IE) reporting platform; the development of reliable and accurate reporting of IE Data; and for the development and distribution of metadata, including data models, data dictionaries, database diagrams and the data flow definitions necessary to map and understand the interactions in and among Legacy Systems, IE and various new and existing Data Warehouses using the Erwin Data Governance suite of tools. In this role, you will provide database design expertise for essential data repositories used for report development. This includes reporting not currently covered in the Vendor Initiative for IE, with a primary focus on Federal Reporting Requirements and unconverted Legacy reports and new reporting. You will also provide for the analysis of both converted and native IE data. You will provide expert consultation to management and professional IT staff on Best Practices for metadata development, data harvesting and report development. You will also plan and develop new, efficient and more timely ways to deliver reports, data and metadata to customers. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: (a) Seven (7) years of information systems experience in Database Design. OR (b) An Associate's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or a related field; AND Five (5) years of information systems experience in Database Design. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field; AND Three (3) years of information systems experience in Database Design. OR (d) A Master's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field; AND One (1) year of information systems experience in Database Design . OR (e) A Doctor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field. Experience with Erwin Data Modeler. Database Design experience (Data Warehouse, OLTP, Data Mart). Five (5) or more years of experience with ETL development with a preference for SSIS. Solid understanding of Data Governance principles and Metadata management. Experience with Microsoft Power BI, SSRS and Tableau reporting tools Excellent verbal communication skills for guiding development efforts and presenting demos of work products. Extensive knowledge of IBM DB2 (AIX and z/OS) and Microsoft SQL-Server databases. Excellent knowledge of SQL construction and optimization. Familiarity with database connectivity between DB2, SQL-Server and Web Sphere and/or .Net applications servers Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? We offer a workplace that balances productivity with enjoyment; promote an atmosphere of mutual respect, dedication, and enthusiasm. You will collaborate in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year plus pension and retirement plans . If you're driven by the passion to do something meaningful that changes lives, the Oregon Health Authority is the place for you. This is a full-time, permanent position that is classified and represented by SEIU. The Oregon Health Authority is committed to developing and promoting culturally and linguistically appropriate programs and a diverse and inclusive workforce representing the diversity, culture, strengths and values of the people of Oregon. Click here , to learn more about OHA’s mission, vision and core values. OHA is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, genetic information or any other protected class under state or federal law.Oct 15, 2020Full timeThe Oregon Health Authority has a fantastic opportunity for a Database Architect to join an excellent team, design key databases and work to advance their IT operations. This position falls under the Classification Information Systems Specialist 8. WHAT YOU WILL DO! As a Senior Database Warehouse and Metadata Architect, you will provide for the distribution of data from the external Integrated Eligibility (IE) reporting platform; the development of reliable and accurate reporting of IE Data; and for the development and distribution of metadata, including data models, data dictionaries, database diagrams and the data flow definitions necessary to map and understand the interactions in and among Legacy Systems, IE and various new and existing Data Warehouses using the Erwin Data Governance suite of tools. In this role, you will provide database design expertise for essential data repositories used for report development. This includes reporting not currently covered in the Vendor Initiative for IE, with a primary focus on Federal Reporting Requirements and unconverted Legacy reports and new reporting. You will also provide for the analysis of both converted and native IE data. You will provide expert consultation to management and professional IT staff on Best Practices for metadata development, data harvesting and report development. You will also plan and develop new, efficient and more timely ways to deliver reports, data and metadata to customers. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: (a) Seven (7) years of information systems experience in Database Design. OR (b) An Associate's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or a related field; AND Five (5) years of information systems experience in Database Design. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field; AND Three (3) years of information systems experience in Database Design. OR (d) A Master's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field; AND One (1) year of information systems experience in Database Design . OR (e) A Doctor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field. Experience with Erwin Data Modeler. Database Design experience (Data Warehouse, OLTP, Data Mart). Five (5) or more years of experience with ETL development with a preference for SSIS. Solid understanding of Data Governance principles and Metadata management. Experience with Microsoft Power BI, SSRS and Tableau reporting tools Excellent verbal communication skills for guiding development efforts and presenting demos of work products. Extensive knowledge of IBM DB2 (AIX and z/OS) and Microsoft SQL-Server databases. Excellent knowledge of SQL construction and optimization. Familiarity with database connectivity between DB2, SQL-Server and Web Sphere and/or .Net applications servers Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? We offer a workplace that balances productivity with enjoyment; promote an atmosphere of mutual respect, dedication, and enthusiasm. You will collaborate in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year plus pension and retirement plans . If you're driven by the passion to do something meaningful that changes lives, the Oregon Health Authority is the place for you. This is a full-time, permanent position that is classified and represented by SEIU. The Oregon Health Authority is committed to developing and promoting culturally and linguistically appropriate programs and a diverse and inclusive workforce representing the diversity, culture, strengths and values of the people of Oregon. Click here , to learn more about OHA’s mission, vision and core values. OHA is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, genetic information or any other protected class under state or federal law.Database & Operations Analyst Manager (#1519687)PeopleTec, Inc. Huntsville, AL, USA 35805PeopleTec is currently seeking a Database & Operations Analyst Manager to support our Huntsville, AL location. The candidate will utilize existing database management tools to optimize space planning database and maximize the effects of capabilities in support of real-world COCOM operations.The contractor will utilize aforementioned tools, functions and respective processes to maintain the accuracy and currency within analytical database to enable effective evaluation. The candidate will also support USASMDC, Army, USSPACECOM & USSTRATCOM in Joint Space Mission planning and capability development with the following functions: New Satellite, Transponder and Signal Modeling Ground Station Modeling Telemetry, Tracking and Control (TT&C) Modeling Data downlink Modeling Real-time Downlink Modeling Engineering and Capability Development The contractor shall acquire information and data associated with each respective function and analysis. Utilizing a space planning database, Microsoft Access & Excel and other tools, the contractor will process all data this includes: Target Identification, Organization & Prioritization Research Deconfliction Quality Control Shortfall Identification Request for Intelligence (RFI) Compilation & Submission Missing Space Systems & Components Modeling Missing Data Deduction & Calculations Correcting and Repairing Corrupt Files Acquisition and Transfer of Orbital Positioning Element Sets (ELSETs) Unit of Measure Conversion Data Entry Testing and evaluation Required Skills/Experience: 5+ years of military experience or experience in military operations, daily operational support, planning, coordination, facility, personnel, training and technical analyses Microsoft Access and Excel experience Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree and 5 years of experience is preferred. 5 additional years of experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree. Desired Skills : Familiarity of Joint Ops, BDE/Staff MDMP, Space & Cyber Intel Understanding of DOD inter-agency coordination mechanisms People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. #cjpost #dpost EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/peopletec/jobs/1519687-421753Sep 18, 2020Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Database & Operations Analyst Manager to support our Huntsville, AL location. The candidate will utilize existing database management tools to optimize space planning database and maximize the effects of capabilities in support of real-world COCOM operations.The contractor will utilize aforementioned tools, functions and respective processes to maintain the accuracy and currency within analytical database to enable effective evaluation. The candidate will also support USASMDC, Army, USSPACECOM & USSTRATCOM in Joint Space Mission planning and capability development with the following functions: New Satellite, Transponder and Signal Modeling Ground Station Modeling Telemetry, Tracking and Control (TT&C) Modeling Data downlink Modeling Real-time Downlink Modeling Engineering and Capability Development The contractor shall acquire information and data associated with each respective function and analysis. Utilizing a space planning database, Microsoft Access & Excel and other tools, the contractor will process all data this includes: Target Identification, Organization & Prioritization Research Deconfliction Quality Control Shortfall Identification Request for Intelligence (RFI) Compilation & Submission Missing Space Systems & Components Modeling Missing Data Deduction & Calculations Correcting and Repairing Corrupt Files Acquisition and Transfer of Orbital Positioning Element Sets (ELSETs) Unit of Measure Conversion Data Entry Testing and evaluation Required Skills/Experience: 5+ years of military experience or experience in military operations, daily operational support, planning, coordination, facility, personnel, training and technical analyses Microsoft Access and Excel experience Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree and 5 years of experience is preferred. 5 additional years of experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree. Desired Skills : Familiarity of Joint Ops, BDE/Staff MDMP, Space & Cyber Intel Understanding of DOD inter-agency coordination mechanisms People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. #cjpost #dpost EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/peopletec/jobs/1519687-421753New Hampshire Data ManagerAmerica Votes RemoteTO APPLY: New Hampshire Data Manager ORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes New Hampshire is seeking a well-organized self-starter to serve as a part-time Data Manager for the 2020 election cycle. The New Hampshire Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and support services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and advocacy skills to join the data team to support the management of these services among 501(c)3 state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. This position ends November 6, 2020. LOCATION This position is remote. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with 501(c)3 partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Manage all data surrounding 501(c)3 voter outreach efforts, including building outreach lists, setting up phone programs, and tracking responses. Support the Data Director in data presentation development and develop 501(c)3-specific presentations. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state Data Director to manage voter file access for 501(c)3 partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs. Support 501(c)3 staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support 501(c)3 partner and organizational VAN and data trainings. Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective 501(c)3 strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in civic engagement or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), Visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with New Hampshire political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Experience working with Relational Voter Program tools and/or text messaging systems. COMPENSATION This position runs through November 6, 2020, with an expectation of 20 hours/week at an hourly rate of $35 - $40/hour depending on experience. Benefits include health, dental, vision. TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form . If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Sep 02, 2020Part timeTO APPLY: New Hampshire Data Manager ORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes New Hampshire is seeking a well-organized self-starter to serve as a part-time Data Manager for the 2020 election cycle. The New Hampshire Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and support services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and advocacy skills to join the data team to support the management of these services among 501(c)3 state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. This position ends November 6, 2020. LOCATION This position is remote. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with 501(c)3 partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Manage all data surrounding 501(c)3 voter outreach efforts, including building outreach lists, setting up phone programs, and tracking responses. Support the Data Director in data presentation development and develop 501(c)3-specific presentations. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state Data Director to manage voter file access for 501(c)3 partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs. Support 501(c)3 staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support 501(c)3 partner and organizational VAN and data trainings. Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective 501(c)3 strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in civic engagement or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), Visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with New Hampshire political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Experience working with Relational Voter Program tools and/or text messaging systems. COMPENSATION This position runs through November 6, 2020, with an expectation of 20 hours/week at an hourly rate of $35 - $40/hour depending on experience. Benefits include health, dental, vision. TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form . If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Digital Data EngineerAmerica Votes Washington, D.C. (remote)America Votes is seeking an experienced individual with a combination of technical and political skills to manage data efforts related to tracking and reporting digital advertising. The Digital Data Engineer will work with national data staff, vendors, and partner data representatives around the building, tracking, assessing, and reporting of coalition digital advertising efforts, including maintaining data pipelines and analyzing advertising datasets. This is a full-time cycle position and reports to the Deputy Director of Data, Targeting, and Engineering.Aug 19, 2020Full timeAmerica Votes is seeking an experienced individual with a combination of technical and political skills to manage data efforts related to tracking and reporting digital advertising. The Digital Data Engineer will work with national data staff, vendors, and partner data representatives around the building, tracking, assessing, and reporting of coalition digital advertising efforts, including maintaining data pipelines and analyzing advertising datasets. This is a full-time cycle position and reports to the Deputy Director of Data, Targeting, and Engineering.COLORADO DATA & PROGRAM MANAGER - 2020 CYCLE POSITIONAmerica Votes remoteAmerica Votes Colorado is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Program and Data Manager. The Colorado Program and Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders. America Votes is also responsible for the year-round coordination and alignment of electoral, organizing, advocacy, and policy work among partners and allies. This position will also support program implementation and reporting across the state coalition, including working directly with America Votes partners and allies in the state. This position works closely with the state’s Data Director and reports to the State Director. This position ends December 31, 2020.Aug 03, 2020Full timeAmerica Votes Colorado is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Program and Data Manager. The Colorado Program and Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders. America Votes is also responsible for the year-round coordination and alignment of electoral, organizing, advocacy, and policy work among partners and allies. This position will also support program implementation and reporting across the state coalition, including working directly with America Votes partners and allies in the state. This position works closely with the state’s Data Director and reports to the State Director. This position ends December 31, 2020.NORTH CAROLINA DATA MANAGER - 2020 CYCLE POSITIONAmerica VotesAmerica Votes North Carolina is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The North Carolina Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to serve the growing data needs of the state’s progressive infrastructure, support the management of these services, and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. This position ends December 31, 2020.Aug 03, 2020Full timeAmerica Votes North Carolina is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The North Carolina Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to serve the growing data needs of the state’s progressive infrastructure, support the management of these services, and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. This position ends December 31, 2020.Chispa Arizona Data OrganizerLeague of Conservation Voters Phoenix, AZTitle: Chispa Arizona Data Organizer Department : Community & Civic Engagement Status : Exempt, one year position Reports to: Chispa Arizona Organizing Director Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Phoenix, AZ General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV launched Chispa , a grassroots community organizing program, to ensure that Latino communities have a strong voice and the power to influence local, state and national decisions that impact our health and environment. Chispa has programs in Arizona, Colorado, Maryland and Nevada. As part of our long-term commitment to engage new constituencies and to diversify the environmental movement, the League of Conservation Voters, primarily through grassroots community organizing programs, is fostering strong local and national Latino leadership in the fight against climate change. LCV is hiring a Data Organizer to join our Chispa Arizona Phoenix-based team. The Data Organizer will lead the development of data best practices and support Chispa Arizona’s transition to the EveryAction CRM. The Data Organizer will work in a collaborative environment to train staff and promotores on data management and support growing and managing data systems as the Chispa Arizona program transitions to independence and sustainability. The ideal candidate is motivated by a just, accessible, and culturally competent environmental movement and by taking action in the fight against polluters and climate change, and for a cleaner future and a fair democracy for all. We are looking for an organized, innovative, detail-oriented leader who is goal-driven and self-motivated, with experience in data and database management to join the Chispa Arizona team. Responsibilities : Facilitate Chispa AZ adoption and transition to the EveryAction CRM platform. Create, maintain, and revise data structures to integrate across tools and support the membership, grassroots organizing and fundraising programs. Create and maintain ongoing reports. Collect, distribute, and manage data effectively and securely with staff and volunteers, including sign-in sheets, commitment cards, etc. Assist and train staff and promotores on data structures, tools, EveryAction CRM, and the importance of data in building and growing our movement. Execute and manage data entry, keeping data clean and updated in a single platform. Create and oversee events, online action forms, target universes, save searches (dynamic universes) for emails, and maintain and manage unique 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) lists within EveryAction. Manage data access, user profiles, and data hygiene. Conduct audits and provide recommendations to address any weak or insecure data infrastructure and practices. Communicate and enforce best practices for data and cyber security, and provide trainings on the importance of securing data. Communicate challenges or recommendations to leadership and staff in relation to data management. Analyze demographic and socioeconomic trends in membership, volunteer, and voter data and recommend measures to expand our base of volunteers and membership. Analyze racial, gender and economic justice impact of government policies and programs on our membership and population at-large. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: At least 2 years of data management experience, in a paid or volunteer capacity. Experience with data management software. Preferred - Training experience. Experience with EveryAction CRM. Bilingual in English and Spanish. Skills: Required - Excellent data management skills. Excellent organizational and time management skills, and the ability to delegate, prioritize, and effectively manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced work environment. Enthusiasm and commitment to amplify the voice and leadership of Latino communities in Arizona and advancing progressive issues and campaigns. Demonstrated flexibility, self-awareness, emotional intelligence, cultural competence. Detail-oriented, with good organizational skills and follow-through. Ability to work under own initiative, as well as part of a team. Creative and innovative thinker that considers themselves a problem-solver and resourceful during challenging or new situations. Cultural Competence: Must share a commitment to advancing racial justice and equity and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Familiarity with the complexity of issues and obstacles facing communities’ of color engagement in the environmental movement. Conditions: Ability to travel, potentially up to 10% of time, and to work some evenings and weekends. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona. Please note that all LCV staff are currently working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. To Apply: Please send your resume and cover letter to hr@lcv.org with “Chispa Arizona Data” in the subject line by July 6, 2020. No calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Jun 22, 2020Full timeTitle: Chispa Arizona Data Organizer Department : Community & Civic Engagement Status : Exempt, one year position Reports to: Chispa Arizona Organizing Director Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Phoenix, AZ General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV launched Chispa , a grassroots community organizing program, to ensure that Latino communities have a strong voice and the power to influence local, state and national decisions that impact our health and environment. Chispa has programs in Arizona, Colorado, Maryland and Nevada. As part of our long-term commitment to engage new constituencies and to diversify the environmental movement, the League of Conservation Voters, primarily through grassroots community organizing programs, is fostering strong local and national Latino leadership in the fight against climate change. LCV is hiring a Data Organizer to join our Chispa Arizona Phoenix-based team. The Data Organizer will lead the development of data best practices and support Chispa Arizona’s transition to the EveryAction CRM. The Data Organizer will work in a collaborative environment to train staff and promotores on data management and support growing and managing data systems as the Chispa Arizona program transitions to independence and sustainability. The ideal candidate is motivated by a just, accessible, and culturally competent environmental movement and by taking action in the fight against polluters and climate change, and for a cleaner future and a fair democracy for all. We are looking for an organized, innovative, detail-oriented leader who is goal-driven and self-motivated, with experience in data and database management to join the Chispa Arizona team. Responsibilities : Facilitate Chispa AZ adoption and transition to the EveryAction CRM platform. Create, maintain, and revise data structures to integrate across tools and support the membership, grassroots organizing and fundraising programs. Create and maintain ongoing reports. Collect, distribute, and manage data effectively and securely with staff and volunteers, including sign-in sheets, commitment cards, etc. Assist and train staff and promotores on data structures, tools, EveryAction CRM, and the importance of data in building and growing our movement. Execute and manage data entry, keeping data clean and updated in a single platform. Create and oversee events, online action forms, target universes, save searches (dynamic universes) for emails, and maintain and manage unique 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) lists within EveryAction. Manage data access, user profiles, and data hygiene. Conduct audits and provide recommendations to address any weak or insecure data infrastructure and practices. Communicate and enforce best practices for data and cyber security, and provide trainings on the importance of securing data. Communicate challenges or recommendations to leadership and staff in relation to data management. Analyze demographic and socioeconomic trends in membership, volunteer, and voter data and recommend measures to expand our base of volunteers and membership. Analyze racial, gender and economic justice impact of government policies and programs on our membership and population at-large. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: At least 2 years of data management experience, in a paid or volunteer capacity. Experience with data management software. Preferred - Training experience. Experience with EveryAction CRM. Bilingual in English and Spanish. Skills: Required - Excellent data management skills. Excellent organizational and time management skills, and the ability to delegate, prioritize, and effectively manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced work environment. Enthusiasm and commitment to amplify the voice and leadership of Latino communities in Arizona and advancing progressive issues and campaigns. Demonstrated flexibility, self-awareness, emotional intelligence, cultural competence. Detail-oriented, with good organizational skills and follow-through. Ability to work under own initiative, as well as part of a team. Creative and innovative thinker that considers themselves a problem-solver and resourceful during challenging or new situations. Cultural Competence: Must share a commitment to advancing racial justice and equity and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Familiarity with the complexity of issues and obstacles facing communities’ of color engagement in the environmental movement. Conditions: Ability to travel, potentially up to 10% of time, and to work some evenings and weekends. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona. Please note that all LCV staff are currently working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. To Apply: Please send your resume and cover letter to hr@lcv.org with “Chispa Arizona Data” in the subject line by July 6, 2020. No calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Database/Systems AdministratorOregon Health Authority Salem, ORThe Oregon Health Authority has a fantastic opportunity for a Systems Administrator with Database Development experience to join an excellent team, and work to advance their IT operations. This position falls under the Classification Information Systems Specialist 7. WHAT YOU WILL DO! As a Database / Systems Administrator, you will provide expertise and leadership to analyze, plan, develop, integrate, implement and coordinate the operations, maintenance, installation and construction of DBMS infrastructure. In this role, you will have frequent contact with vendors to assess new technology and with contracted personnel to provide oversight, negotiate contract modifications, and analyze compliance with contract specifications. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: (a) Six (6) years of information systems experience in Database Development and Administration. OR (b) An Associate's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or a related field; AND Four (4) years of information systems experience in Database Development and Administration. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field; AND Two (2) years of information systems experience in Database Development and Administration. OR (d) A Master's degree or higher in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field. Four (4) years of experience on the Z/os platform working with JCL, TSO, batch processing and/or SDSF. Extensive knowledge of DB2 on Z/os. Expertise in DDL/DML/DCL queries, query tuning & optimization. Working knowledge of Rexx and other scripting langauges. Working knowledge with Change Management software administration. In-depth understanding of data management (e.g. permissions, recovery, security and monitoring). Knowledge of SQL construction and optimization. Understanding for database connectivity to DB2 LUW. Knowledge of COBOL, JCL language, RACF and Omegamon. Experience with Business Objects, z/OS, Microsoft Access, Toad and Oracle. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? We offer a workplace that balances productivity with enjoyment; promote an atmosphere of mutual respect, dedication, and enthusiasm. You will collaborate in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year plus pension and retirement plans . If you're driven by the passion to do something meaningful that changes lives, the Oregon Health Authority is the place for you.Jun 08, 2020Full timeThe Oregon Health Authority has a fantastic opportunity for a Systems Administrator with Database Development experience to join an excellent team, and work to advance their IT operations. This position falls under the Classification Information Systems Specialist 7. WHAT YOU WILL DO! As a Database / Systems Administrator, you will provide expertise and leadership to analyze, plan, develop, integrate, implement and coordinate the operations, maintenance, installation and construction of DBMS infrastructure. In this role, you will have frequent contact with vendors to assess new technology and with contracted personnel to provide oversight, negotiate contract modifications, and analyze compliance with contract specifications. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: (a) Six (6) years of information systems experience in Database Development and Administration. OR (b) An Associate's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or a related field; AND Four (4) years of information systems experience in Database Development and Administration. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field; AND Two (2) years of information systems experience in Database Development and Administration. OR (d) A Master's degree or higher in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field. Four (4) years of experience on the Z/os platform working with JCL, TSO, batch processing and/or SDSF. Extensive knowledge of DB2 on Z/os. Expertise in DDL/DML/DCL queries, query tuning & optimization. Working knowledge of Rexx and other scripting langauges. Working knowledge with Change Management software administration. In-depth understanding of data management (e.g. permissions, recovery, security and monitoring). Knowledge of SQL construction and optimization. Understanding for database connectivity to DB2 LUW. Knowledge of COBOL, JCL language, RACF and Omegamon. Experience with Business Objects, z/OS, Microsoft Access, Toad and Oracle. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? We offer a workplace that balances productivity with enjoyment; promote an atmosphere of mutual respect, dedication, and enthusiasm. You will collaborate in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year plus pension and retirement plans . If you're driven by the passion to do something meaningful that changes lives, the Oregon Health Authority is the place for you.Database AssociateLeague of Conservation Voters Washington, DCTitle: Database Associate Status: Non-Exempt Reports To: Data Director Positions Reporting To This Position: None Location: Washington, DC General Description: LCV believes our earth is worth fighting for because everyone has a right to clean air, water, and a safe, healthy community. To ensure those rights are protected, we help people use their power to shape policy, hold politicians and polluters accountable, and influence elections. Our over 2 million members, our volunteers and staff, and our more than 30 state affiliates (together, the Conservation Voter Movement) work for a more just and equitable democracy, where people—not polluters—determine our future. This movement is an influential national network with unparalleled influence in Washington, DC, in state capitals, and in communities around the country. We are unmatched in our ability to ensure meaningful action on our key issues. We aim to bring people and communities together across racial, geographic, political, religious, economic and other differences toward collective goals instead of dividing us from one another. The Database Associate supports the Data Director in maintaining and managing LCV’s Salesforce database and ensuring the integrity of its data. This newly created position will take the lead in conducting fine-grained tasks to improve the functionality and intuitiveness of the database. This role will support a large Development department in their use of Salesforce and will work closely with the Data Director on multiple Salesforce integrations. The Database Associate will also work with other software systems used by the Membership and Online Engagement team including Blue State Digital, Phone2Action and Acoustic. This role is a great opportunity for someone who has experience with the Salesforce database and is looking to take the next step to becoming a database administrator. Responsibilities : Documents and maintains consistent procedures for data input to ensure accurate data. Create processes for training and onboarding new users to Salesforce. Develops strategies for monitoring and maintaining the completeness and accuracy of records. Performs routine data hygiene tasks, including updating contact record fields and managing duplicate accounts. Analyzes and pinpoints sources of data anomalies within Salesforce. Maintains and develops user interfaces such as custom fields, workflow and validation rules, and page layouts in Salesforce. Supports Data Director in a variety of advanced reporting tasks using Salesforce reports, SQL, and Tableau. Assists Data Director with the maintenance of third-party integrations with Salesforce including Blue State Digital, Silverpop and Phone2Action. Works with third party tools to maintain accurate demographic data that enhances LCV’s ongoing work on analyzing and expanding the racial diversity of the donor and activist base. Maintains users, profiles, and public groups in Salesforce. Optimizes functionality of databases by staying up-to-date on future improvements and by researching applications to identify possible areas of innovation. Identifies opportunities for improvement and makes constructive suggestions for change. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience : Required - 1-3 years of work experience in a database-oriented position. Experience with Salesforce. Preferred - Experience in a non-profit or political organization. Skills : Required - Strong database management skills. High level of proficiency in Excel. Attentive to details, and adept at maintaining systems for easy access to information and data. Ability to document and communicate technical information to a non-technical audience. Solid judgment; critical thinking skills; a sense of teamwork and community; ability to handle multiple tasks and work for several people; highly organized. Preferred - Ability to create fields, manage profile administration and familiarity with workflows and/or Process Builder. Experience with SQL, Tableau and/or Civis. Familiarity with Lightning. Cultural Competence : Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Conditions : This position is based in Washington, DC. To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with \"Database Associate\" in the subject line by April 20, 2020. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Apr 03, 2020Full timeTitle: Database Associate Status: Non-Exempt Reports To: Data Director Positions Reporting To This Position: None Location: Washington, DC General Description: LCV believes our earth is worth fighting for because everyone has a right to clean air, water, and a safe, healthy community. To ensure those rights are protected, we help people use their power to shape policy, hold politicians and polluters accountable, and influence elections. Our over 2 million members, our volunteers and staff, and our more than 30 state affiliates (together, the Conservation Voter Movement) work for a more just and equitable democracy, where people—not polluters—determine our future. This movement is an influential national network with unparalleled influence in Washington, DC, in state capitals, and in communities around the country. We are unmatched in our ability to ensure meaningful action on our key issues. We aim to bring people and communities together across racial, geographic, political, religious, economic and other differences toward collective goals instead of dividing us from one another. The Database Associate supports the Data Director in maintaining and managing LCV’s Salesforce database and ensuring the integrity of its data. This newly created position will take the lead in conducting fine-grained tasks to improve the functionality and intuitiveness of the database. This role will support a large Development department in their use of Salesforce and will work closely with the Data Director on multiple Salesforce integrations. The Database Associate will also work with other software systems used by the Membership and Online Engagement team including Blue State Digital, Phone2Action and Acoustic. This role is a great opportunity for someone who has experience with the Salesforce database and is looking to take the next step to becoming a database administrator. Responsibilities : Documents and maintains consistent procedures for data input to ensure accurate data. Create processes for training and onboarding new users to Salesforce. Develops strategies for monitoring and maintaining the completeness and accuracy of records. Performs routine data hygiene tasks, including updating contact record fields and managing duplicate accounts. Analyzes and pinpoints sources of data anomalies within Salesforce. Maintains and develops user interfaces such as custom fields, workflow and validation rules, and page layouts in Salesforce. Supports Data Director in a variety of advanced reporting tasks using Salesforce reports, SQL, and Tableau. Assists Data Director with the maintenance of third-party integrations with Salesforce including Blue State Digital, Silverpop and Phone2Action. Works with third party tools to maintain accurate demographic data that enhances LCV’s ongoing work on analyzing and expanding the racial diversity of the donor and activist base. Maintains users, profiles, and public groups in Salesforce. Optimizes functionality of databases by staying up-to-date on future improvements and by researching applications to identify possible areas of innovation. Identifies opportunities for improvement and makes constructive suggestions for change. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience : Required - 1-3 years of work experience in a database-oriented position. Experience with Salesforce. Preferred - Experience in a non-profit or political organization. Skills : Required - Strong database management skills. High level of proficiency in Excel. Attentive to details, and adept at maintaining systems for easy access to information and data. Ability to document and communicate technical information to a non-technical audience. Solid judgment; critical thinking skills; a sense of teamwork and community; ability to handle multiple tasks and work for several people; highly organized. Preferred - Ability to create fields, manage profile administration and familiarity with workflows and/or Process Builder. Experience with SQL, Tableau and/or Civis. Familiarity with Lightning. Cultural Competence : Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Conditions : This position is based in Washington, DC. To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with \"Database Associate\" in the subject line by April 20, 2020. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.VAN Support AssociateHuman Rights Campaign Washington, DCWe strongly encourage people of color, transgender and non-binary people to apply. HRC is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone, including non-LGBTQ people, to join our team. Position Summary: HRC, in collaboration with our state equality partners, works to defend and advance pro-LGBTQ policies at all levels of government, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-equality champions to office. The VAN Support Associate is responsible for supporting the organizing efforts of our staff across the country by maximizing our use of VAN. The VAN Support Associate will maintain and update HRC member and supporter records in VAN, assist with reporting on progress to goals, and monitor our overall outreach through the platform ensuring standards and practices are adhered to and staff are appropriately leveraging the platform in their efforts. Working alongside HRC’s in-house data and analytics team, the support associate serves as a specialist for the VAN platform helping to ensure efficient processes exist to manage data between our existing database of record, VAN, and across other outreach tools including our peer-to-peer texting and predictive dialer tools. HRC’s VAN Support Associate should have a deep knowledge of the platform and an enthusiastic approach to helping others leverage the platform and our data in effective issue and electoral organizing programs. This is a temporary full time position from June 1, 2020 through November 30, 2020. Position Responsibilities: Provide support and troubleshoot issues with users as well as evaluate new efficiencies in workflow and uses for VAN and other tools. Train HRC staff on VAN policies and best practices, including creating training videos and screen-sharing with staff and/r volunteers Administer user accounts, including password resets, user permissions, and ensuring NDAs are in place for HRC staff that use the VAN; monitor and maintain volunteer accounts. Create survey questions and activist codes for use with Field team scripts, ensuring activist codes and survey questions are consistent across states in the HRC VAN committee. At the direction of HRC Campaign & Organizing teams, manage voter contact and volunteer organizing universes for multiple states and tools, including targeting and analysis. Assist with program analysis and offer strategic recommendations for on-the-ground organizing efforts. Maintain compliance to established standards and practices among organizing staff with the VAN and continue training related to best practices for using the platform and data effectively. At the direction of the Data & Analytics team, maintain and update HRC records between our primary databases and the VAN. Assist with output requests, approvals, exports and uploading of scripts in the VAN Other duties as assigned Position Qualifications: At least one cycle as a VAN administrator or data specialist working extensively with the VAN. Advanced Excel and/or basic SQL experience Some electoral or issue organizing experience is desired Experience managing cross-departmental data work and communication Experience training non-technical staff in data best practices and standards Expertise in using data and technology in support of more than one of the following: electoral campaigns, progressive advocacy, digital and online advocacy, distributed organizing, movement building, and grassroots mobilization Must be proficient with Microsoft Office applications and Google Apps (Gmail, Google Docs and Drive) Flexibility with work schedule is required; this position requires some evening and weekend work. Commitment to LGBTQ equality. All positions at the Human Rights Campaign may require travel on a regular basis or periodically. Where the need arises for business travel, appropriate compensation as outlined by the Fair Labor Standards Act will apply. No phone calls or emails, please. Due to the volume of applications we receive, we are unable to respond to queries about application status.Mar 13, 2020SeasonalWe strongly encourage people of color, transgender and non-binary people to apply. HRC is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone, including non-LGBTQ people, to join our team. Position Summary: HRC, in collaboration with our state equality partners, works to defend and advance pro-LGBTQ policies at all levels of government, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-equality champions to office. The VAN Support Associate is responsible for supporting the organizing efforts of our staff across the country by maximizing our use of VAN. The VAN Support Associate will maintain and update HRC member and supporter records in VAN, assist with reporting on progress to goals, and monitor our overall outreach through the platform ensuring standards and practices are adhered to and staff are appropriately leveraging the platform in their efforts. Working alongside HRC’s in-house data and analytics team, the support associate serves as a specialist for the VAN platform helping to ensure efficient processes exist to manage data between our existing database of record, VAN, and across other outreach tools including our peer-to-peer texting and predictive dialer tools. HRC’s VAN Support Associate should have a deep knowledge of the platform and an enthusiastic approach to helping others leverage the platform and our data in effective issue and electoral organizing programs. This is a temporary full time position from June 1, 2020 through November 30, 2020. Position Responsibilities: Provide support and troubleshoot issues with users as well as evaluate new efficiencies in workflow and uses for VAN and other tools. Train HRC staff on VAN policies and best practices, including creating training videos and screen-sharing with staff and/r volunteers Administer user accounts, including password resets, user permissions, and ensuring NDAs are in place for HRC staff that use the VAN; monitor and maintain volunteer accounts. Create survey questions and activist codes for use with Field team scripts, ensuring activist codes and survey questions are consistent across states in the HRC VAN committee. At the direction of HRC Campaign & Organizing teams, manage voter contact and volunteer organizing universes for multiple states and tools, including targeting and analysis. Assist with program analysis and offer strategic recommendations for on-the-ground organizing efforts. Maintain compliance to established standards and practices among organizing staff with the VAN and continue training related to best practices for using the platform and data effectively. At the direction of the Data & Analytics team, maintain and update HRC records between our primary databases and the VAN. Assist with output requests, approvals, exports and uploading of scripts in the VAN Other duties as assigned Position Qualifications: At least one cycle as a VAN administrator or data specialist working extensively with the VAN. Advanced Excel and/or basic SQL experience Some electoral or issue organizing experience is desired Experience managing cross-departmental data work and communication Experience training non-technical staff in data best practices and standards Expertise in using data and technology in support of more than one of the following: electoral campaigns, progressive advocacy, digital and online advocacy, distributed organizing, movement building, and grassroots mobilization Must be proficient with Microsoft Office applications and Google Apps (Gmail, Google Docs and Drive) Flexibility with work schedule is required; this position requires some evening and weekend work. Commitment to LGBTQ equality. All positions at the Human Rights Campaign may require travel on a regular basis or periodically. Where the need arises for business travel, appropriate compensation as outlined by the Fair Labor Standards Act will apply. No phone calls or emails, please. Due to the volume of applications we receive, we are unable to respond to queries about application status.Requirements Database Engineer (#1335256)PeopleTec, Inc. Huntsville, AL, USA 35805PeopleTec is currently seeking a Requirements Database Engineer to support our Huntsville, AL location. The candidate will provide MDA System Engineering Test Requirements (EEF) with database development, configuration management, and technical support to the Systems Engineering Test Requirements (SETR) management team. Duties Include: Collecting SETR database user needs and assessment/recommendation of appropriate toolsets to address those needs Development of a new and more efficient SETR management database Development, implementation, and execution of SETR data configuration management processes Assist SETR processes associated with the collection and organization of stakeholder test data needs/requirements Development and implementation of requirements management CONOPS governance processes to ensure timelines and process/product quality are met Development of executive level briefings Propose and document techniques for improving execution of support to the MDA test planning community Coordination and participation in technical meetings Generation of SETR products Interfacing and coordinating with stakeholders to ensure technical accuracy and verify correct capture of test requirements for inclusion in MDA test documentation, including Test Objectives Memoranda and associated Test Objectives Identifying, tracking and assisting in resolution of Action Items and Watch Items resulting from the test requirement coordination process Identifying needs of internal and external customers and address their concerns Required Skills/Experience: Previous experience supporting Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) ground test planning, execution, or requirements development Experience with MDS Ground Test Infrastructure, models and simulations or simulation framework Excellent writing ability Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A/BS Major(s): Computer Science or Analytical Field required. Minimum of 2 years experience required. Physical Job Requirements : The ability to report to Von Braun Complex is required. Desired Skills : MDA experience in Ground Test Analysis Experience with building briefings for executive level personnel Program Office experience. Experience with managing databases People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1335256-421753Feb 16, 2020Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Requirements Database Engineer to support our Huntsville, AL location. The candidate will provide MDA System Engineering Test Requirements (EEF) with database development, configuration management, and technical support to the Systems Engineering Test Requirements (SETR) management team. Duties Include: Collecting SETR database user needs and assessment/recommendation of appropriate toolsets to address those needs Development of a new and more efficient SETR management database Development, implementation, and execution of SETR data configuration management processes Assist SETR processes associated with the collection and organization of stakeholder test data needs/requirements Development and implementation of requirements management CONOPS governance processes to ensure timelines and process/product quality are met Development of executive level briefings Propose and document techniques for improving execution of support to the MDA test planning community Coordination and participation in technical meetings Generation of SETR products Interfacing and coordinating with stakeholders to ensure technical accuracy and verify correct capture of test requirements for inclusion in MDA test documentation, including Test Objectives Memoranda and associated Test Objectives Identifying, tracking and assisting in resolution of Action Items and Watch Items resulting from the test requirement coordination process Identifying needs of internal and external customers and address their concerns Required Skills/Experience: Previous experience supporting Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) ground test planning, execution, or requirements development Experience with MDS Ground Test Infrastructure, models and simulations or simulation framework Excellent writing ability Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A/BS Major(s): Computer Science or Analytical Field required. Minimum of 2 years experience required. Physical Job Requirements : The ability to report to Von Braun Complex is required. Desired Skills : MDA experience in Ground Test Analysis Experience with building briefings for executive level personnel Program Office experience. Experience with managing databases People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1335256-421753Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio ManagementLeague of Conservation Voters Flexible LocationTitle: Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management Status: Exempt Reports to: Vice President of Membership and Development Operations Positions Reporting to this Position: Prospect Research Coordinator Location: Flexible General Description : LCV believes our earth is worth fighting for because everyone has a right to clean air, water, and a safe, healthy community. To ensure those rights are protected, we help people use their power to shape policy, hold politicians and polluters accountable, and influence elections. Our over 2 million members, our volunteers and staff, and our more than 30 state affiliates (together, the Conservation Voter Movement) work for a more just and equitable democracy, where people—not polluters—determine our future. This movement is an influential national network with unparalleled influence in Washington, DC, in state capitals, and in communities around the country. We are unmatched in our ability to ensure meaningful action on our key issues. We aim to bring people and communities together across racial, geographic, political, religious, economic and other differences toward collective goals instead of dividing us from one another. With a recently expanded Major Gifts team, we are seeking a research professional who can be a partner in our efforts to identify, qualify and build meaningful philanthropic relationships with prospects. As such, the Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management will work closely with the Major Gifts team to find promising new donor suspects, help upgrade existing donors and determine ways to leverage existing donor relationships to expand our donor base. LCV is also dedicated to expanding the number of donor suspects in our pipeline that are people of color and is looking for people who are committed to that work. The Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management will directly supervise the Prospect Research Coordinator. Responsibilities : Leads the development and implementation of a top-notch Research and List Management program which partners with LCV’s Major Gifts Team to ensure that all portfolios have sufficient appropriate prospects in key markets to allow us to hit our ambitious fundraising goals. Ensures prospect research briefings are timely, accurate and focus on key details for maximum fundraising results. Applies expertise to improve and expand upon existing research systems and protocols to streamline and make the overall process more efficient. Identifies and qualifies high-level major donor prospects and is responsible for the quality and accuracy of the major donor portfolios and outreach lists used by LCV’s president, executive team and the Major Gifts Team. Proactively identifies points of access to high net worth prospects ($100K+ capacity) and other potential connectors who already have relationships with the LCV family of organizations. Develops and implements a strategy and process for a regular and consistent refresh of contact information for prospects to ensure access to donors is as easy and streamlined as possible for major gifts officers. Grows the 2020 donor pyramid with research-confirmed high net worth individuals and helps plan for future multi-year investments. Develops a broad awareness of LCV and LCVEF’s programs to support the identification of individuals whose philanthropic interests align with our work. Manages the ongoing development of the prospect and donor base using donor models and analyzing donor trends to maintain a constant influx of quality new prospects in portfolios with confirmed affinity and capacity. Ensures the racial diversity of each Major Gift Officer’s portfolio and continues to identify new prospective donors of color. Works with the Major Gifts Team to establish cultivation and solicitation strategies for current and prospective major donors. Conceptualizes and expands prospecting methodologies to support LCV’s fundraising goals. Maintains database coding of suspects and prospects to ensure accurate tracking of the donor pipeline. Works with fundraisers to provide expertise and guidance on accurate interpretation of information and assists with forming cultivation and stewardship plans. Maintains an overall knowledge of top donors and prospects. Contributes to organizational and department efforts to infuse racial justice and equity into all aspects of our work, including our fundraising. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Required - 5-7 years of experience in a robust major gifts research program, including tracking and management of the research process in a donor database. Experience creating and maintaining donor pipeline and tracking procedures in donor databases. Strong experience with donor databases. Experience managing staff. Preferred - Issue advocacy or political experience. Skills : Required - Extensive knowledge of research tools and techniques. Excellent analytical skills and an advanced level of proficiency in Excel. Adept at maintaining systems for easy access to information and data. Highly organized with a thorough attention to detail. Skilled at clearly communicating and supporting relevant conclusions drawn from the analysis and synthesis of disparate data sources. Ability to communicate database tracking procedures and systems to staff with various levels of technical skills. Strong multi-tasking skills, including organization, flexibility to shift priorities based on urgent needs, and confidence to ask for help. Extremely motivated by goals to produce excellent results and exceed expectations. Preferred - Familiarity with Target Analytics or other donor modeling. Knowledge of Salesforce, Tableau and/or SQL. Knowledge of tools like iWave, WealthEngine, FoundationSearch, LexisNexis, and political giving databases. Cultural Competence: Demonstrated awareness of one’s own cultural identity, views about difference, and the ability to learn and build on varying cultural and community norms. Commitment to equity and inclusion as organizational practice and culture. Understands how environmental issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems. Conditions : Able to work hours exceeding stated office hours to get the job done; ability and willingness to travel for annual staff retreat and state league conference, as well as state trainings as needed. The location of this position is flexible. To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with \"Director of Prospect Research” in the subject line no later than February 26, 2020. No phone calls, please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Feb 12, 2020Full timeTitle: Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management Status: Exempt Reports to: Vice President of Membership and Development Operations Positions Reporting to this Position: Prospect Research Coordinator Location: Flexible General Description : LCV believes our earth is worth fighting for because everyone has a right to clean air, water, and a safe, healthy community. To ensure those rights are protected, we help people use their power to shape policy, hold politicians and polluters accountable, and influence elections. Our over 2 million members, our volunteers and staff, and our more than 30 state affiliates (together, the Conservation Voter Movement) work for a more just and equitable democracy, where people—not polluters—determine our future. This movement is an influential national network with unparalleled influence in Washington, DC, in state capitals, and in communities around the country. We are unmatched in our ability to ensure meaningful action on our key issues. We aim to bring people and communities together across racial, geographic, political, religious, economic and other differences toward collective goals instead of dividing us from one another. With a recently expanded Major Gifts team, we are seeking a research professional who can be a partner in our efforts to identify, qualify and build meaningful philanthropic relationships with prospects. As such, the Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management will work closely with the Major Gifts team to find promising new donor suspects, help upgrade existing donors and determine ways to leverage existing donor relationships to expand our donor base. LCV is also dedicated to expanding the number of donor suspects in our pipeline that are people of color and is looking for people who are committed to that work. The Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management will directly supervise the Prospect Research Coordinator. Responsibilities : Leads the development and implementation of a top-notch Research and List Management program which partners with LCV’s Major Gifts Team to ensure that all portfolios have sufficient appropriate prospects in key markets to allow us to hit our ambitious fundraising goals. Ensures prospect research briefings are timely, accurate and focus on key details for maximum fundraising results. Applies expertise to improve and expand upon existing research systems and protocols to streamline and make the overall process more efficient. Identifies and qualifies high-level major donor prospects and is responsible for the quality and accuracy of the major donor portfolios and outreach lists used by LCV’s president, executive team and the Major Gifts Team. Proactively identifies points of access to high net worth prospects ($100K+ capacity) and other potential connectors who already have relationships with the LCV family of organizations. Develops and implements a strategy and process for a regular and consistent refresh of contact information for prospects to ensure access to donors is as easy and streamlined as possible for major gifts officers. Grows the 2020 donor pyramid with research-confirmed high net worth individuals and helps plan for future multi-year investments. Develops a broad awareness of LCV and LCVEF’s programs to support the identification of individuals whose philanthropic interests align with our work. Manages the ongoing development of the prospect and donor base using donor models and analyzing donor trends to maintain a constant influx of quality new prospects in portfolios with confirmed affinity and capacity. Ensures the racial diversity of each Major Gift Officer’s portfolio and continues to identify new prospective donors of color. Works with the Major Gifts Team to establish cultivation and solicitation strategies for current and prospective major donors. Conceptualizes and expands prospecting methodologies to support LCV’s fundraising goals. Maintains database coding of suspects and prospects to ensure accurate tracking of the donor pipeline. Works with fundraisers to provide expertise and guidance on accurate interpretation of information and assists with forming cultivation and stewardship plans. Maintains an overall knowledge of top donors and prospects. Contributes to organizational and department efforts to infuse racial justice and equity into all aspects of our work, including our fundraising. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Required - 5-7 years of experience in a robust major gifts research program, including tracking and management of the research process in a donor database. Experience creating and maintaining donor pipeline and tracking procedures in donor databases. Strong experience with donor databases. Experience managing staff. Preferred - Issue advocacy or political experience. Skills : Required - Extensive knowledge of research tools and techniques. Excellent analytical skills and an advanced level of proficiency in Excel. Adept at maintaining systems for easy access to information and data. Highly organized with a thorough attention to detail. Skilled at clearly communicating and supporting relevant conclusions drawn from the analysis and synthesis of disparate data sources. Ability to communicate database tracking procedures and systems to staff with various levels of technical skills. Strong multi-tasking skills, including organization, flexibility to shift priorities based on urgent needs, and confidence to ask for help. Extremely motivated by goals to produce excellent results and exceed expectations. Preferred - Familiarity with Target Analytics or other donor modeling. Knowledge of Salesforce, Tableau and/or SQL. Knowledge of tools like iWave, WealthEngine, FoundationSearch, LexisNexis, and political giving databases. Cultural Competence: Demonstrated awareness of one’s own cultural identity, views about difference, and the ability to learn and build on varying cultural and community norms. Commitment to equity and inclusion as organizational practice and culture. Understands how environmental issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems. Conditions : Able to work hours exceeding stated office hours to get the job done; ability and willingness to travel for annual staff retreat and state league conference, as well as state trainings as needed. The location of this position is flexible. To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with \"Director of Prospect Research” in the subject line no later than February 26, 2020. No phone calls, please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.MICHIGAN DATA MANAGERAmerica Votes Lansing, MIORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Michigan is seeking a well-organized self-starter to serve as a full-time Data Manager for the 2020 election cycle. The Michigan Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the Deputy State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Lansing, Michigan RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state data director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web- based programs, and text messaging programs. Support AV staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data trainings Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in political or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), Visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Michigan political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Experience working with Relational Voter Program tools and/or text messaging systems COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Feb 04, 2020Full timeORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Michigan is seeking a well-organized self-starter to serve as a full-time Data Manager for the 2020 election cycle. The Michigan Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the Deputy State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Lansing, Michigan RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state data director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web- based programs, and text messaging programs. Support AV staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data trainings Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in political or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), Visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Michigan political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Experience working with Relational Voter Program tools and/or text messaging systems COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.PENNSYLVANIA DATA MANAGERAmerica Votes Philadelphia or Harrisburg, PAORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Pennsylvania is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The Pennsylvania Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to serve the growing data needs of the state’s progressive infrastructure, support the management of these services, and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Pennsylvania, office location negotiable. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state Data Director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations.. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web based programs, and text messaging programs. Work with other AV staff and partner groups to ensure that programs are maximizing shared voter file, targeting, and other data resources. This includes supporting AV staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans. Support AV staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data training. Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in campaign or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Pennsylvania political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Feb 04, 2020Full timeORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Pennsylvania is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The Pennsylvania Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to serve the growing data needs of the state’s progressive infrastructure, support the management of these services, and work with state partner groups and stakeholders in the progressive movement. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Pennsylvania, office location negotiable. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state Data Director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations.. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web based programs, and text messaging programs. Work with other AV staff and partner groups to ensure that programs are maximizing shared voter file, targeting, and other data resources. This includes supporting AV staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans. Support AV staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data training. Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in campaign or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Pennsylvania political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.FLORIDA DATA MANAGERAmerica Votes Tampa, FLORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Florida is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The Florida Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Florida, office location negotiable. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state data director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment databases, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs. Supporting AV staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data trainings Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Support the creation and development of written reports and products. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in campaign or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), Visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Florida political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Experience implementing field campaigns. COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Feb 04, 2020Full timeORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Florida is seeking a well-organized self-starter for the 2020 election cycle as a full-time position as Data Manager. The Florida Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and work with state partner groups and stakeholders. This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Florida, office location negotiable. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state data director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment databases, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs. Supporting AV staff and partner groups to develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data trainings Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Support the creation and development of written reports and products. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in campaign or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), Visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Florida political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Experience implementing field campaigns. COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.WISCONSIN DATA MANAGERAmerica Votes Madison or Milwaukee, WIORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Wisconsin is seeking a well-organized self-starter to serve as a full-time Data Manager for the 2020 election cycle. The Wisconsin Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and with state partner groups and stakeholders. . This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Madison or Milwaukee. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Experience with data visualization software such as Tableau is a plus but not a requirement. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state Data Director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs. Support AV staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data training. Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. On the job training is provided. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in campaign or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Wisconsin political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Knowledge of and experience with Google Suite. COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Feb 04, 2020Full timeORGANIZATION OVERVIEW America Votes is the coordination hub of the progressive community, leading collaborative efforts among a diverse coalition of more than 400 state and national partner organizations to advance progressive policies, win elections, and protect every American’s right to vote. America Votes works nationally and in more than 20 states to provide a range of services to partners, including strategic planning, advocacy and electoral campaign coordination, data tools and targeting services, and on-the-ground leadership in key states. For more information about America Votes, visit www.americavotes.org . COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY America Votes is committed to advancing racial equity through organizational systems and policies that are consistently tested, evaluated, and updated. Some organizational priorities include: Building reflective and equitable state and national networks and partnerships. Increasing engagement of state-based groups building power in communities of color in the planning process. Expanding the Community Power Builders program, designed to support organizations led by and working in communities of color as they emerge into the 501(c)(4) space. America Votes sees its commitment to racial equity as an integral part of its success. Applicants are encouraged to reflect on how they see themselves contributing to America Votes’ work on advancing racial equity. POSITION DESCRIPTION America Votes Wisconsin is seeking a well-organized self-starter to serve as a full-time Data Manager for the 2020 election cycle. The Wisconsin Data Manager plays a key role in the advancement of the progressive movement in the state. America Votes utilizes and offers its partner organizations a range of voter file, data, and targeting services. We seek an individual with a combination of technical and political skills to join the growing data team to support the management of these services and with state partner groups and stakeholders. . This position works closely with the state Data Director and reports to the State Director. LOCATION This position is based in Madison or Milwaukee. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with partner organizations using the voter file and other technologies to support, enhance, and execute programs. Support the Data Director in data presentation development. Must be comfortable visualizing data and summarizing findings using a variety of tools for a wide range of audiences. Experience with data visualization software such as Tableau is a plus but not a requirement. Work with consultants and other AV staff responsible for the acquisition, enhancement, manipulation, and management of voter and member data. Work with the state Data Director to manage voter file access for AV partner organizations. This includes administration and security, training end-users, and providing technical assistance as needed. Manage and enhance volunteer recruitment database, virtual predictive dialer, web-based programs, and text messaging programs. Support AV staff and partner groups as they develop campaign plans. Support partner and organizational VAN and data training. Support coalition coordination by monitoring benchmarks, providing technical assistance, and identifying gaps in collective strategy. Spirit of service and problem-solving attitude. Other responsibilities as assigned. On the job training is provided. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Experience working with underrepresented and/or historically marginalized communities, preferably in campaign or organizing settings. Candidates should have an understanding of common direct voter contact programs and experience using data to inform plans. Strong VAN or other database skills are required. Must be comfortable using spreadsheets, and should have a working knowledge of: pivot tables, filters, text to columns, and creating simple charts using Excel or a similar tool. Candidates must have a willingness and aptitude to seek out and learn new technical skills. Excellent communication and time management skills, with attention to detail. Must be a self-starter willing to work long irregular ‘campaign-style’ hours and to travel as needed, especially during campaign season. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of persistence and resourcefulness in solving technical and data problems. Positive attitude and a sense of humor. PREFERRED Standout candidates will have experience with at least one of the following: Mapping tools (QGIS, etc), visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, Periscope, etc), SQL (comfortable with SELECT, WHERE, GROUPBY), R, Python, advanced Excel functions (VLOOKUP, SUMIF, INDEX(MATCH)). Knowledge of and experience with Wisconsin political landscape and/or independent expenditure political campaigns. Knowledge of and experience with Google Suite. COMPENSATION This position runs through December 31, 2020. Salary is commensurate with experience, $50,000 - $55,000. Benefits include health, dental, vision and 401(k). TO APPLY Please submit a copy of your resume, a cover letter and three references to the application form. If you experience any technical difficulties with our application form, please email recruiting@americavotes.org. Please note that only applications received through the application form will be considered; please do not email us your application materials. America Votes is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. America Votes does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under local, state or federal law.Chispa Arizona Digital OrganizerLeague of Conservation Voters Phoenix, AZTitle : Chispa Arizona Digital Organizer Status : Exempt Reports To : Chispa Arizona Organizing Director Positions Reporting To This Position : None Location : Phoenix, AZ General Description: LCV believes our earth is worth fighting for because everyone has a right to clean air, water, and a safe, healthy community. To ensure those rights are protected, we help people use their power to shape policy, hold politicians and polluters accountable, and influence elections. Our over 2 million members, our volunteers and staff, and our more than 30 state affiliates (together, the Conservation Voter Movement) work for a more just and equitable democracy, where people—not polluters—determine our future. This movement is an influential national network with unparalleled influence in Washington, DC, in state capitals, and in communities around the country. We are unmatched in our ability to ensure meaningful action on our key issues. We aim to bring people and communities together across racial, geographic, political, religious, economic and other differences toward collective goals instead of dividing us from one another. LCV launched Chispa , a grassroots community organizing program, to amplify the voice and power of Latino communities to influence local, state and national decisions that impact our health and environment. Chispa has programs in Arizona, Colorado, Maryland and Nevada. As part of our long-term commitment to engage new constituencies and to diversify the environmental movement, the League of Conservation Voters, primarily through grassroots community organizing programs, is fostering strong local and national Latino leadership in the fight against climate change. Chispa Arizona focuses on making progress on clean air, clean energy, clean water, access to public lands, and a free and fair democracy for all. LCV is hiring a Digital Organizer to join our Chispa Arizona Phoenix-based team. The Digital Organizer will integrate field organizing with online action and oversee the online presence for Chispa Arizona. This role will focus on building, engaging and growing our bilingual online community via social media, email, mobile, online advocacy and online fundraising. The Digital Organizer will be using digital tools to advance our organizing initiatives in the field and online, in order to mobilize and grow our statewide base of volunteers and supporters around our organizing campaigns, including a focus on protecting the Land and Water Conservation Fund, Arizona Public Service (APS) accountability and other federal and local policies. The Digital Organizer will join a hard-working, skilled and growing data-driven organizing department, working closely with the Chispa AZ Organizing and Communications Directors, and volunteer teams. The ideal candidate is self-motivated, enthusiastic and passionate about the fight for environmental justice and ready to take action in the fight against polluters and climate change. Responsibilities: Organize online supporters to take offline actions in order to push our campaigns forward and integrate volunteers into our organization. Identify and engage campaign supporters and drive measurable online actions through the creation of alerts, infographics, and the management of the digital ads. Utilize social media, EveryAction and texting programs to maximize digital list building. Support the Organizing team with data training, regular reports and daily use of EveryAction and or VAN. Engage supporters to take action, donate to Chispa AZ and keep in touch with our program through email, social media, digital ads, mobile platforms, website(s) and online mediums. Perform data uploads to EveryAction email database and facilitate email campaign list selection, segmentation testing and apply strategies in collaboration with the Chispa AZ Communications Director. Provide reports on data analytics related to the campaign email list, Chispa AZ website, and Chispa AZ social channels to improve the effectiveness of our campaigns. Set up emails, donation forms for Chispa AZ, advocacy alerts, surveys, and other communications under the direction of the Chispa AZ Communications Director. Develop a system to monitor and coordinate response to feedback from volunteers about our campaigns messaging and provide regular updates to the rest of the department and the organization. Work with and train volunteers on best online digital practices and support implementation. Archive and tag all photo and video content across programs and campaigns. Support Chispa AZ fundraising campaigns with digital tools and online content. Update Chispa AZ website as needed with engaging and branded content. Find new innovative opportunities for audience expansion by staying connected to peers and digital communities. Create and implement new opportunities for growth of our grassroots base that will move supporters from online to take action in person. Analyze data on the acquisition of new Chispa volunteers and draw actionable insights to inform future strategy. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Work Experience: Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in one of the following fields: social media management, online organizing, online marketing, communications, email advocacy, or new media. Preferred field organizing, issue based or candidate campaign experience. Experience in a political context, preferably in a Latino, progressive, or environmental organization strongly preferred. Skills: Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Forward-thinking, innovative, and creative mindset willing to push Chispa Arizona to new boundaries in the online space and in relation to environmental justice. Experience using online tools to grow, engage and mobilize a membership base. Must have experience working with the VAN, EveryAction or other database. Can work with a team and in community; highly organized and interested in environmental or community issues. CRM, CMS, and HTML coding skills are a plus. Preferred bilingual in English and Spanish. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. The Digital Organizer should have a complex understanding of Latino communities, an unwavering commitment to racial justice, and derive inspiration from the leadership of everyday people who stand up and stand together for the health of their families, communities and our planet. Conditions: Ability to travel, potentially up to 10% of time, and to work some evenings and weekends. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona. To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Chispa AZ Digital Organizer” in the subject line by January 28, 2020. No calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Jan 15, 2020Full timeTitle : Chispa Arizona Digital Organizer Status : Exempt Reports To : Chispa Arizona Organizing Director Positions Reporting To This Position : None Location : Phoenix, AZ General Description: LCV believes our earth is worth fighting for because everyone has a right to clean air, water, and a safe, healthy community. To ensure those rights are protected, we help people use their power to shape policy, hold politicians and polluters accountable, and influence elections. Our over 2 million members, our volunteers and staff, and our more than 30 state affiliates (together, the Conservation Voter Movement) work for a more just and equitable democracy, where people—not polluters—determine our future. This movement is an influential national network with unparalleled influence in Washington, DC, in state capitals, and in communities around the country. We are unmatched in our ability to ensure meaningful action on our key issues. We aim to bring people and communities together across racial, geographic, political, religious, economic and other differences toward collective goals instead of dividing us from one another. LCV launched Chispa , a grassroots community organizing program, to amplify the voice and power of Latino communities to influence local, state and national decisions that impact our health and environment. Chispa has programs in Arizona, Colorado, Maryland and Nevada. As part of our long-term commitment to engage new constituencies and to diversify the environmental movement, the League of Conservation Voters, primarily through grassroots community organizing programs, is fostering strong local and national Latino leadership in the fight against climate change. Chispa Arizona focuses on making progress on clean air, clean energy, clean water, access to public lands, and a free and fair democracy for all. LCV is hiring a Digital Organizer to join our Chispa Arizona Phoenix-based team. The Digital Organizer will integrate field organizing with online action and oversee the online presence for Chispa Arizona. This role will focus on building, engaging and growing our bilingual online community via social media, email, mobile, online advocacy and online fundraising. The Digital Organizer will be using digital tools to advance our organizing initiatives in the field and online, in order to mobilize and grow our statewide base of volunteers and supporters around our organizing campaigns, including a focus on protecting the Land and Water Conservation Fund, Arizona Public Service (APS) accountability and other federal and local policies. The Digital Organizer will join a hard-working, skilled and growing data-driven organizing department, working closely with the Chispa AZ Organizing and Communications Directors, and volunteer teams. The ideal candidate is self-motivated, enthusiastic and passionate about the fight for environmental justice and ready to take action in the fight against polluters and climate change. Responsibilities: Organize online supporters to take offline actions in order to push our campaigns forward and integrate volunteers into our organization. Identify and engage campaign supporters and drive measurable online actions through the creation of alerts, infographics, and the management of the digital ads. Utilize social media, EveryAction and texting programs to maximize digital list building. Support the Organizing team with data training, regular reports and daily use of EveryAction and or VAN. Engage supporters to take action, donate to Chispa AZ and keep in touch with our program through email, social media, digital ads, mobile platforms, website(s) and online mediums. Perform data uploads to EveryAction email database and facilitate email campaign list selection, segmentation testing and apply strategies in collaboration with the Chispa AZ Communications Director. Provide reports on data analytics related to the campaign email list, Chispa AZ website, and Chispa AZ social channels to improve the effectiveness of our campaigns. Set up emails, donation forms for Chispa AZ, advocacy alerts, surveys, and other communications under the direction of the Chispa AZ Communications Director. Develop a system to monitor and coordinate response to feedback from volunteers about our campaigns messaging and provide regular updates to the rest of the department and the organization. Work with and train volunteers on best online digital practices and support implementation. Archive and tag all photo and video content across programs and campaigns. Support Chispa AZ fundraising campaigns with digital tools and online content. Update Chispa AZ website as needed with engaging and branded content. Find new innovative opportunities for audience expansion by staying connected to peers and digital communities. Create and implement new opportunities for growth of our grassroots base that will move supporters from online to take action in person. Analyze data on the acquisition of new Chispa volunteers and draw actionable insights to inform future strategy. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Work Experience: Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in one of the following fields: social media management, online organizing, online marketing, communications, email advocacy, or new media. Preferred field organizing, issue based or candidate campaign experience. Experience in a political context, preferably in a Latino, progressive, or environmental organization strongly preferred. Skills: Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Forward-thinking, innovative, and creative mindset willing to push Chispa Arizona to new boundaries in the online space and in relation to environmental justice. Experience using online tools to grow, engage and mobilize a membership base. Must have experience working with the VAN, EveryAction or other database. Can work with a team and in community; highly organized and interested in environmental or community issues. CRM, CMS, and HTML coding skills are a plus. Preferred bilingual in English and Spanish. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. The Digital Organizer should have a complex understanding of Latino communities, an unwavering commitment to racial justice, and derive inspiration from the leadership of everyday people who stand up and stand together for the health of their families, communities and our planet. Conditions: Ability to travel, potentially up to 10% of time, and to work some evenings and weekends. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona. To Apply: Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Chispa AZ Digital Organizer” in the subject line by January 28, 2020. No calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Business AnalystKing County King County, WA, USAThe Road Services Division (Roads) of the King County Department of Local Services is seeking a tech-savvy collaborator with a passion for Lean business process improvement ; a desire to learn and apply GIS-centric technology to advance our asset management framework; and an iron-clad customer service ethic to join an engaged and highly productive team. This is a rare opportunity to acquire hands-on experience in lean business process improvement (to which the Roads is deeply committed); to receive training and mentoring in a fast growing application for which market demand currently exceeds supply; and to enjoy the creative challenge of mining data to \"tell the story\" of how the Roads is striving to carry out the goals set forth in its Strategic Plan for Road Services under financial constraint. This position will play a direct role in the transformation of our legacy systems to our new and exciting integrated, enterprise asset management framework, by: Actively participating in process improvement events designed to map existing work flows and value streams, specify customer expectations, identify waste pain points, and establish leaner business processes that deliver the right products efficiently; Assisting in gathering and organizing associated business requirements; Researching, studying and analyzing a variety of operational and management issues to determine waste, defects, and deficiencies; identify and recommend solutions, improvement, and alignment with best practices; Collaborate with colleagues to mine the Roads' fast-accumulating stores of work history data to produce reports, maps, visual dashboards, and other deliverables for performance management purposes; Provide geospatial analysis support for Transportation Planning and Engineering functions across the division. Scope of Job Duties: To be considered for these opportunities, you must at a minimum, demonstrate knowledge, skill and ability to: Excel in process improvement Lean principles to analyze a variety of business function in support of improved asset management business tools and collaborate with subject matter experts to identify and recommend continuous improvement business solutions; Possess strong skills in manipulating data , visual management, can tell a story using data and can facilitate data supported decisions; Perform budget and financial analysis and reporting using service request and work order data in conjunction with other data sources, such as GIS; Provide support for regular and ad hoc projects in support of driving business insights, intelligence and other business process improvements; Provide support to a variety of programs including; Roadlog, Annual Pavement Rating, Right-Of-Way Vacations and CIP ; Work collaboratively and effectively with our diverse internal and external stakeholders to coordinate projects and fulfill map and data requests; Manage road closure reporting for the public-facing MyCommute application based on planned construction, inclement weather conditions, flooding, etc.; Other duties as assigned. We are looking for candidates who: Thrive in performing complex analytical and statistical analysis, encompassing data selection, manipulation, and presentation of results in concise reports, including; thematic maps, charts, online mapping applications, and other visual communication tools used to engage readers, inform decisions and tell a story; Have a strong grounding in business process analysis , design and development using a variety of programs such as SQL,Oracle EBS, and Microsoft Access; Are knowledgeable in transportation-related analysis and in supporting capital project and program delivery within a public sector setting; Skilled in quantitative analysis , business analysis and requirement analysis, and visually presenting data; Excel in providing excellent customer service and establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with multiple stakeholders and customers; Are skilled in analytical thinking , flexible in an ambiguous working environment and willing to try new things; Are able to work effectively, and remain detail oriented with multiple competing priorities and tight deadlines; Have any equivalent combination of experience and education which provides the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability required to perform the work. Why King County Roads Division? Competitive – healthcare plans Free – transportation options On - Site – gym Manager Support – structured employee assistance program Paid – vacation time (in addition to paid holidays) Paid – sick leave Paid – parental leave Deferred – compensation plan Ten – paid holidays and Two Additional personal holidays! ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT King County is the local service provider for the roughly quarter-million people who live in the unincorporated areas of the county; taken together, Unincorporated King County would be the second-largest city in the state. The Department of Local Services includes a Director's Office with a Community Service Area group, and the Road Services and Permitting Divisions. Together, this department provides a single executive point of accountability for delivery of local services to all of the unincorporated areas. The King County Road Services Division designs, builds, operates and maintains roads and bridges in unincorporated areas of King County in an efficient and environmentally responsible manner to protect the public's investment and facilitate safe travel. The division is committed to ensuring the county's transportation system is safe and efficient for all uses and modes of travel. The Division is responsible for 1,500 miles of road and 182 bridges, 5.7 million feet of drainage ditches, over 44,000 traffic control signs, 78 traffic signals, and 50 traffic cameras in unincorporated King County. COMMITMENT TO EQUITY AND SOCIAL JUSTICE As the only jurisdiction in the world named after Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., one of the most influential civil rights leaders in our nation's history, King County is a vibrant international community with residents that represent countries from around the world. It is a region with increasing diversity that cherishes the traditions of many cultures. We have a deep commitment to equity and social justice and advancing practices, strategies, and policies that promote fairness, justice, and opportunity for all – in our workplaces and our communities. With this commitment, King County has adopted a pro-equity agenda to advance regional change and ensure that residents from vulnerable communities are incorporated into our emergency planning and public outreach efforts. King County values diverse perspectives, life experiences, and differences. The Department of Local Services encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ+, people with disabilities, and veterans. To learn more, please visit http://www.kingcounty.gov/elected/executive/equity-social-justice.aspx SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION This position is represented by Professional Technical Employees (PTE), Local 17 Are you ready to Apply? The recruitment for this position is open to all applicants . A completed King County Application is required. We highly recommend that you also provide a cover letter and resume. If you have any questions, please contact Jen Irwin , Senior HR Analyst, by e-mail at jirwin@kingcounty.gov , or by phone at 206-263-0601. Connect with me on LinkedInOct 28, 2019Full timeThe Road Services Division (Roads) of the King County Department of Local Services is seeking a tech-savvy collaborator with a passion for Lean business process improvement ; a desire to learn and apply GIS-centric technology to advance our asset management framework; and an iron-clad customer service ethic to join an engaged and highly productive team. This is a rare opportunity to acquire hands-on experience in lean business process improvement (to which the Roads is deeply committed); to receive training and mentoring in a fast growing application for which market demand currently exceeds supply; and to enjoy the creative challenge of mining data to \"tell the story\" of how the Roads is striving to carry out the goals set forth in its Strategic Plan for Road Services under financial constraint. This position will play a direct role in the transformation of our legacy systems to our new and exciting integrated, enterprise asset management framework, by: Actively participating in process improvement events designed to map existing work flows and value streams, specify customer expectations, identify waste pain points, and establish leaner business processes that deliver the right products efficiently; Assisting in gathering and organizing associated business requirements; Researching, studying and analyzing a variety of operational and management issues to determine waste, defects, and deficiencies; identify and recommend solutions, improvement, and alignment with best practices; Collaborate with colleagues to mine the Roads' fast-accumulating stores of work history data to produce reports, maps, visual dashboards, and other deliverables for performance management purposes; Provide geospatial analysis support for Transportation Planning and Engineering functions across the division. Scope of Job Duties: To be considered for these opportunities, you must at a minimum, demonstrate knowledge, skill and ability to: Excel in process improvement Lean principles to analyze a variety of business function in support of improved asset management business tools and collaborate with subject matter experts to identify and recommend continuous improvement business solutions; Possess strong skills in manipulating data , visual management, can tell a story using data and can facilitate data supported decisions; Perform budget and financial analysis and reporting using service request and work order data in conjunction with other data sources, such as GIS; Provide support for regular and ad hoc projects in support of driving business insights, intelligence and other business process improvements; Provide support to a variety of programs including; Roadlog, Annual Pavement Rating, Right-Of-Way Vacations and CIP ; Work collaboratively and effectively with our diverse internal and external stakeholders to coordinate projects and fulfill map and data requests; Manage road closure reporting for the public-facing MyCommute application based on planned construction, inclement weather conditions, flooding, etc.; Other duties as assigned. We are looking for candidates who: Thrive in performing complex analytical and statistical analysis, encompassing data selection, manipulation, and presentation of results in concise reports, including; thematic maps, charts, online mapping applications, and other visual communication tools used to engage readers, inform decisions and tell a story; Have a strong grounding in business process analysis , design and development using a variety of programs such as SQL,Oracle EBS, and Microsoft Access; Are knowledgeable in transportation-related analysis and in supporting capital project and program delivery within a public sector setting; Skilled in quantitative analysis , business analysis and requirement analysis, and visually presenting data; Excel in providing excellent customer service and establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with multiple stakeholders and customers; Are skilled in analytical thinking , flexible in an ambiguous working environment and willing to try new things; Are able to work effectively, and remain detail oriented with multiple competing priorities and tight deadlines; Have any equivalent combination of experience and education which provides the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability required to perform the work. Why King County Roads Division? Competitive – healthcare plans Free – transportation options On - Site – gym Manager Support – structured employee assistance program Paid – vacation time (in addition to paid holidays) Paid – sick leave Paid – parental leave Deferred – compensation plan Ten – paid holidays and Two Additional personal holidays! ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT King County is the local service provider for the roughly quarter-million people who live in the unincorporated areas of the county; taken together, Unincorporated King County would be the second-largest city in the state. The Department of Local Services includes a Director's Office with a Community Service Area group, and the Road Services and Permitting Divisions. Together, this department provides a single executive point of accountability for delivery of local services to all of the unincorporated areas. The King County Road Services Division designs, builds, operates and maintains roads and bridges in unincorporated areas of King County in an efficient and environmentally responsible manner to protect the public's investment and facilitate safe travel. The division is committed to ensuring the county's transportation system is safe and efficient for all uses and modes of travel. The Division is responsible for 1,500 miles of road and 182 bridges, 5.7 million feet of drainage ditches, over 44,000 traffic control signs, 78 traffic signals, and 50 traffic cameras in unincorporated King County. COMMITMENT TO EQUITY AND SOCIAL JUSTICE As the only jurisdiction in the world named after Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., one of the most influential civil rights leaders in our nation's history, King County is a vibrant international community with residents that represent countries from around the world. It is a region with increasing diversity that cherishes the traditions of many cultures. We have a deep commitment to equity and social justice and advancing practices, strategies, and policies that promote fairness, justice, and opportunity for all – in our workplaces and our communities. With this commitment, King County has adopted a pro-equity agenda to advance regional change and ensure that residents from vulnerable communities are incorporated into our emergency planning and public outreach efforts. King County values diverse perspectives, life experiences, and differences. The Department of Local Services encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ+, people with disabilities, and veterans. To learn more, please visit http://www.kingcounty.gov/elected/executive/equity-social-justice.aspx SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION This position is represented by Professional Technical Employees (PTE), Local 17 Are you ready to Apply? The recruitment for this position is open to all applicants . A completed King County Application is required. We highly recommend that you also provide a cover letter and resume. If you have any questions, please contact Jen Irwin , Senior HR Analyst, by e-mail at jirwin@kingcounty.gov , or by phone at 206-263-0601. Connect with me on LinkedInFull Stack EngineerPete For America South Bend, IN, USAPete for America is building a data and tech team and we need a scrappy, experienced web developer. Pete for America is run by a growing, well-organized, and motivated team, backed by volunteers and supporters across the country. We're searching for hard-working and kind people to join us. We are committed to radical transparency and fairness, and are steadfast in our work to share Pete's vision with the country. We don't stand for harassment or discrimination of any kind. Mayor Pete is a different type of candidate, and we are a different kind of team. Our goals require collaboration across all departments and our structure facilitates that. This role will help design and manage infrastructure, internal platforms, and external tools that support and build on the values of our campaign. This role will work closely with the data team to build out integrations between existing tools and build systems that will scale and prioritize stability. You will be an early member of the technical team and play an important role in building a creative and collaborative culture. What you'll do: Work with technical and non-technical stakeholders to develop custom web applications that engage and excite our supporters and organizers Integrate applications with our database, outside tools, and APIs Build systems quickly while maintaining an eye for detail, performance, and scalability Document your code and processes to ensure others can understand and learn from your work Incorporate feedback from data, supporters, and relevant campaign staff on the ground, iterating quickly to provide efficient solutions What you'll bring: A genuine value for diversity of experiences, identities, and voices. You know diversity positively impacts outcomes, and you can point to times you've demonstrated this personally and professionally A commitment to seamless and inclusive user experience at every turn Deep respect for security, privacy, and accessibility, and familiarity with some of the technologies that can help achieve these goals Proficiency with at least one Python, Ruby, or JavaScript-based back-end framework Experience with React, Angular, or another modern front-end JavaScript framework An understanding of the importance of version control, testing, and continuous integration Pete for America is an equal opportunity employer. We believe every employee has the right to work in an environment free from unlawful discrimination as is consistent with our commitment to diversity, respect, and inclusion. Pete for America provides all employees and applicants with equal opportunity in all aspects of the employment relationship.Sep 05, 2019Full timePete for America is building a data and tech team and we need a scrappy, experienced web developer. Pete for America is run by a growing, well-organized, and motivated team, backed by volunteers and supporters across the country. We're searching for hard-working and kind people to join us. We are committed to radical transparency and fairness, and are steadfast in our work to share Pete's vision with the country. We don't stand for harassment or discrimination of any kind. Mayor Pete is a different type of candidate, and we are a different kind of team. Our goals require collaboration across all departments and our structure facilitates that. This role will help design and manage infrastructure, internal platforms, and external tools that support and build on the values of our campaign. This role will work closely with the data team to build out integrations between existing tools and build systems that will scale and prioritize stability. You will be an early member of the technical team and play an important role in building a creative and collaborative culture. What you'll do: Work with technical and non-technical stakeholders to develop custom web applications that engage and excite our supporters and organizers Integrate applications with our database, outside tools, and APIs Build systems quickly while maintaining an eye for detail, performance, and scalability Document your code and processes to ensure others can understand and learn from your work Incorporate feedback from data, supporters, and relevant campaign staff on the ground, iterating quickly to provide efficient solutions What you'll bring: A genuine value for diversity of experiences, identities, and voices. You know diversity positively impacts outcomes, and you can point to times you've demonstrated this personally and professionally A commitment to seamless and inclusive user experience at every turn Deep respect for security, privacy, and accessibility, and familiarity with some of the technologies that can help achieve these goals Proficiency with at least one Python, Ruby, or JavaScript-based back-end framework Experience with React, Angular, or another modern front-end JavaScript framework An understanding of the importance of version control, testing, and continuous integration Pete for America is an equal opportunity employer. We believe every employee has the right to work in an environment free from unlawful discrimination as is consistent with our commitment to diversity, respect, and inclusion. Pete for America provides all employees and applicants with equal opportunity in all aspects of the employment relationship.Data & Analytics ManagerLeague of Conservation Voters Washington D.C., DC, USATitle: Data & Analytics Manager Status : Exempt Reports to: Director of Data and Analytics Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Washington, DC General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The Data & Analytics team utilizes data in the voter file to determine which voters and members of the general public are likely to be engaged on environmental issues, and maintains voter file information that permits the organization to educate the public and motivate supporters to become active civic participants. The Data & Analytics Manager will work with the Campaigns, Government Affairs, Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments as well as the state LCVs to develop and oversee data and targeting related activities on issues and elections. We are seeking a strategic thinker who can help LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund, utilize data and analytics to engage the public on environmental issues across the country and build support for environmental priorities. Responsibilities : Serve as the main point of contact for state league partner organizations with questions about voter files and targeting. Assist state league partners in establishing program and targeting goals, including identifying and coordinating opportunities for program data analysis. Manage state league data requests and provide data management assistance to state league partners as needed. Generate, manage and track voter, membership and volunteer lists for LCV and LCVEF programs, including mailings and online outreach, in a fast-paced campaign setting. Work with the Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments to synchronize data across departments. Manage relationships with voter file, data, analytics and technology vendors, and serve as a liaison to other organizations that LCV and LCVEF work closely with on data-related issues. Clean data and prepare lists to upload and export into the database(s). Maintain records describing the quality and quantity of available data. Create reports providing strategic insight for the Campaigns team about our volunteer base and voter contacts. Assist in designing voter outreach and volunteer retention experiments. Analyze demographic and socioeconomic trends in membership, volunteer, and voter data and recommend measures to expand stakeholder diversity. Analyze racial, gender and economic justice impact of government policies and programs on LCV’s stakeholders and population at-large. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Required - 3-4 years or 2 election cycles of related experience on issue or electoral campaigns, or with organizations focused on voter contact, data management or data analytics. Must have worked in at least one data management role in a campaign setting. Experience with responding to data requests, troubleshooting problems, and providing data-driven strategic guidance to multiple internal and external stakeholders in different geographic locations. Experience with designing, delivering and organizing data skills or data management trainings. Experience with creating regular reports highlighting key metrics for internal and external stakeholders. Preferred - Experience with or interest in randomized-controlled experiments. Experience with how modeling is utilized in campaigns. Skills: Required - Strong data management and analysis skills; demonstrated ability to communicate technical findings and concepts to non-technical audiences; able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment without sacrificing quality of work; highly motivated, curious and collaborative; Expert-level experience with VAN, MiniVAN or other voter contact tools; Experience with creating or managing relational databases and knowledge of SQL; Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Excel. Preferred - Proficient with Catalist, Civis or other voter file platforms and campaign data management tools; Experience with a statistical programming language such as R, Stata, SAS or SPSS; Experience with Python or GIS. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Commitment to environmental justice and mission of LCV. Conditions: Ability to work overtime with little notice; able to work hours exceeding stated office hours to get the job done during peak election season. This position is based in Washington, D.C. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Data & Analytics Manager” in the subject line by September 19, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Sep 05, 2019Full timeTitle: Data & Analytics Manager Status : Exempt Reports to: Director of Data and Analytics Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Washington, DC General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The Data & Analytics team utilizes data in the voter file to determine which voters and members of the general public are likely to be engaged on environmental issues, and maintains voter file information that permits the organization to educate the public and motivate supporters to become active civic participants. The Data & Analytics Manager will work with the Campaigns, Government Affairs, Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments as well as the state LCVs to develop and oversee data and targeting related activities on issues and elections. We are seeking a strategic thinker who can help LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund, utilize data and analytics to engage the public on environmental issues across the country and build support for environmental priorities. Responsibilities : Serve as the main point of contact for state league partner organizations with questions about voter files and targeting. Assist state league partners in establishing program and targeting goals, including identifying and coordinating opportunities for program data analysis. Manage state league data requests and provide data management assistance to state league partners as needed. Generate, manage and track voter, membership and volunteer lists for LCV and LCVEF programs, including mailings and online outreach, in a fast-paced campaign setting. Work with the Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments to synchronize data across departments. Manage relationships with voter file, data, analytics and technology vendors, and serve as a liaison to other organizations that LCV and LCVEF work closely with on data-related issues. Clean data and prepare lists to upload and export into the database(s). Maintain records describing the quality and quantity of available data. Create reports providing strategic insight for the Campaigns team about our volunteer base and voter contacts. Assist in designing voter outreach and volunteer retention experiments. Analyze demographic and socioeconomic trends in membership, volunteer, and voter data and recommend measures to expand stakeholder diversity. Analyze racial, gender and economic justice impact of government policies and programs on LCV’s stakeholders and population at-large. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Required - 3-4 years or 2 election cycles of related experience on issue or electoral campaigns, or with organizations focused on voter contact, data management or data analytics. Must have worked in at least one data management role in a campaign setting. Experience with responding to data requests, troubleshooting problems, and providing data-driven strategic guidance to multiple internal and external stakeholders in different geographic locations. Experience with designing, delivering and organizing data skills or data management trainings. Experience with creating regular reports highlighting key metrics for internal and external stakeholders. Preferred - Experience with or interest in randomized-controlled experiments. Experience with how modeling is utilized in campaigns. Skills: Required - Strong data management and analysis skills; demonstrated ability to communicate technical findings and concepts to non-technical audiences; able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment without sacrificing quality of work; highly motivated, curious and collaborative; Expert-level experience with VAN, MiniVAN or other voter contact tools; Experience with creating or managing relational databases and knowledge of SQL; Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Excel. Preferred - Proficient with Catalist, Civis or other voter file platforms and campaign data management tools; Experience with a statistical programming language such as R, Stata, SAS or SPSS; Experience with Python or GIS. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Commitment to environmental justice and mission of LCV. Conditions: Ability to work overtime with little notice; able to work hours exceeding stated office hours to get the job done during peak election season. This position is based in Washington, D.C. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Data & Analytics Manager” in the subject line by September 19, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Platform Administrator 2 (Portland)Oregon Health Authority Portland, OR, USAThe Oregon Health Authority is modernizing and expanding their IT infrastructure and currently has a fantastic opportunity for Two (2) experienced Platform Administrators to join an excellent team and work to advance their IT operations. The Oregon Health Authority promotes health equity by developing policies and programs to eliminate health disparities and reach health equity for all Oregonians. What you will do! As a Platform Administrator, you will serve as a technical resource on enterprise content management, collaboration and commercial off the shelf systems software products. Your responsibilities will include dealing with software, business analysis, research, problem solving, and system administration. In this role, your work will be directly impacted by a large and complex computing environment with numerous operations system vendors, widely disparate hardware devices, and a broad range of internal/external customers/users. Major applications have critical regulatory requirements and deadlines and problems could affect the operations of other state agencies as well as agency partners. Additionally, you will help other IT Staff solve problems and deal with major system crashes. You will provide technical expertise for staff on new system development and existing modifications. You will also make technical recommendations to assist management decisions and be responsible for project planning and schedules. What's in it for you? Collaboration in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year. If you are an experienced Platform Administrator , don't delay, apply today! WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: (a) Five (5) years of information systems experience in Platform or Server Administration. OR (b) An Associate's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or related field; AND Three (3) years of information systems experience in Platform or Server Administration. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field AND One (1) year of information systems experience in Platform or Server Administration. OR (d) A Master’s degree or higher in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field. Experience performing typical Server/Platform administrative activities such as backup, restoration, and end user resolution. Experience as a Server/Platform Administrator in the analysis, design, and delivery of server-based solutions. Strong working knowledge of Server/Platform technologies such as: Windows Server administration, SQL Server, Internet Information Server, Active Directory, SSL and/or PowerShell. Ability to ensure the Servers/Platforms are compliant with Agency Disaster Recovery Policies. Extensive knowledge of system analysis and administration. Expert knowledge of common network and server hardware/software components and issues. Extensive knowledge of ITIL based Service Operations Processes. Outstanding customer service skills. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment.Aug 26, 2019Full timeThe Oregon Health Authority is modernizing and expanding their IT infrastructure and currently has a fantastic opportunity for Two (2) experienced Platform Administrators to join an excellent team and work to advance their IT operations. The Oregon Health Authority promotes health equity by developing policies and programs to eliminate health disparities and reach health equity for all Oregonians. What you will do! As a Platform Administrator, you will serve as a technical resource on enterprise content management, collaboration and commercial off the shelf systems software products. Your responsibilities will include dealing with software, business analysis, research, problem solving, and system administration. In this role, your work will be directly impacted by a large and complex computing environment with numerous operations system vendors, widely disparate hardware devices, and a broad range of internal/external customers/users. Major applications have critical regulatory requirements and deadlines and problems could affect the operations of other state agencies as well as agency partners. Additionally, you will help other IT Staff solve problems and deal with major system crashes. You will provide technical expertise for staff on new system development and existing modifications. You will also make technical recommendations to assist management decisions and be responsible for project planning and schedules. What's in it for you? Collaboration in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year. If you are an experienced Platform Administrator , don't delay, apply today! WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: (a) Five (5) years of information systems experience in Platform or Server Administration. OR (b) An Associate's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or related field; AND Three (3) years of information systems experience in Platform or Server Administration. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field AND One (1) year of information systems experience in Platform or Server Administration. OR (d) A Master’s degree or higher in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field. Experience performing typical Server/Platform administrative activities such as backup, restoration, and end user resolution. Experience as a Server/Platform Administrator in the analysis, design, and delivery of server-based solutions. Strong working knowledge of Server/Platform technologies such as: Windows Server administration, SQL Server, Internet Information Server, Active Directory, SSL and/or PowerShell. Ability to ensure the Servers/Platforms are compliant with Agency Disaster Recovery Policies. Extensive knowledge of system analysis and administration. Expert knowledge of common network and server hardware/software components and issues. Extensive knowledge of ITIL based Service Operations Processes. Outstanding customer service skills. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment.State Capacity Building AssociateLeague of Conservation Voters Seattle, WA, USATitle: State Capacity Building Associate Status : Non-Exempt Reports to: Senior Vice President of State Capacity Building Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Seattle, WA General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The State Capacity Building Associate supports the operations of the State Capacity Building department, working closely with national LCV and its 30+ state affiliates - collectively referred to as the Conservation Voter Movement (CVM) - to advance unified, movement-wide goals and priorities. The State Capacity Building department provides capacity building resources and services to state affiliates across the country to help equip them with the tools needed to achieve their goals. This position is critical to the infrastructure of the department, ensuring that logistics and operations are managed smoothly for the overall success of programs led by the State Capacity Building department. Responsibilities : Assist the Senior Vice President of State Capacity Building with department operations, including administrative tasks, writing, travel logistics, budget tracking, scheduling support, and departmental meetings and coordination. Provide administrative, technical, and logistical support to the State Capacity Building department and assist in a wide variety of projects. Schedule and support staff and board committee and working group meetings across multiple departments and state affiliates; support includes recording and distributing meeting notes, materials, and minutes. Prepare written program reports and materials for the board, regular staff updates, and assist in drafting and assembling fundraising proposals and reports. Provide planning support and manage logistics for in person meetings, including activities such as identifying venues, managing registration, arranging food and lodging, coordinating consultants, reimbursing expenses, and assembling program materials. Archive all department-wide materials and documents; maintain organizational and contact information for state affiliates. Assist in the maintenance, promotion, and expansion of the Conservation Voter network’s communication platforms and materials, including identifying and sharing resources that support racial justice and equity. Contribute to LCV’s commitment to integrating racial justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Actively participate in staff task forces and working groups to help improve and inform the organization’s practices and policies, as needed. Undertake other administrative duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: One year of relevant experience working in an administrative position; relevant internship experience will be considered. Experience with scheduling, filing and archiving systems, logistical support and production of written materials required. Experience budget tracking and working with databases preferred. Skills: Highly attentive to details; highly organized; able to manage multiple tasks in a fast paced, collaborative environment. Excellent writing, editing, and oral communication skills. Adept at building and maintaining systems for coordination and access to information. Ability to take ownership of tasks, use solid judgement, and think critically. Able to maintain confidentiality. Demonstrated relationship building skills with a sense of a broader movement and community; ability to develop and maintain relationships across multiple locations. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Google Drive and databases; experience with Salesforce is a plus. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Interested in expanding analysis and knowledge about the role that racial inequity plays in our society. Values the mission of LCV. Conditions: Must have a willingness to travel on occasion; minimum of five (5) multi-day trips per year. This position is based in Seattle, WA. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “State Capacity Building Associate” in the subject line by September 13, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Aug 21, 2019Full timeTitle: State Capacity Building Associate Status : Non-Exempt Reports to: Senior Vice President of State Capacity Building Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Seattle, WA General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The State Capacity Building Associate supports the operations of the State Capacity Building department, working closely with national LCV and its 30+ state affiliates - collectively referred to as the Conservation Voter Movement (CVM) - to advance unified, movement-wide goals and priorities. The State Capacity Building department provides capacity building resources and services to state affiliates across the country to help equip them with the tools needed to achieve their goals. This position is critical to the infrastructure of the department, ensuring that logistics and operations are managed smoothly for the overall success of programs led by the State Capacity Building department. Responsibilities : Assist the Senior Vice President of State Capacity Building with department operations, including administrative tasks, writing, travel logistics, budget tracking, scheduling support, and departmental meetings and coordination. Provide administrative, technical, and logistical support to the State Capacity Building department and assist in a wide variety of projects. Schedule and support staff and board committee and working group meetings across multiple departments and state affiliates; support includes recording and distributing meeting notes, materials, and minutes. Prepare written program reports and materials for the board, regular staff updates, and assist in drafting and assembling fundraising proposals and reports. Provide planning support and manage logistics for in person meetings, including activities such as identifying venues, managing registration, arranging food and lodging, coordinating consultants, reimbursing expenses, and assembling program materials. Archive all department-wide materials and documents; maintain organizational and contact information for state affiliates. Assist in the maintenance, promotion, and expansion of the Conservation Voter network’s communication platforms and materials, including identifying and sharing resources that support racial justice and equity. Contribute to LCV’s commitment to integrating racial justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Actively participate in staff task forces and working groups to help improve and inform the organization’s practices and policies, as needed. Undertake other administrative duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: One year of relevant experience working in an administrative position; relevant internship experience will be considered. Experience with scheduling, filing and archiving systems, logistical support and production of written materials required. Experience budget tracking and working with databases preferred. Skills: Highly attentive to details; highly organized; able to manage multiple tasks in a fast paced, collaborative environment. Excellent writing, editing, and oral communication skills. Adept at building and maintaining systems for coordination and access to information. Ability to take ownership of tasks, use solid judgement, and think critically. Able to maintain confidentiality. Demonstrated relationship building skills with a sense of a broader movement and community; ability to develop and maintain relationships across multiple locations. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Google Drive and databases; experience with Salesforce is a plus. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Interested in expanding analysis and knowledge about the role that racial inequity plays in our society. Values the mission of LCV. Conditions: Must have a willingness to travel on occasion; minimum of five (5) multi-day trips per year. This position is based in Seattle, WA. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “State Capacity Building Associate” in the subject line by September 13, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Prospect Research AssociateLeague of Conservation Voters Washington D.C., DC, USATitle : Prospect Research Associate Status : Non-exempt Reports To : Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management Positions Reporting To This Position : None General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. LCV is seeking a Prospect Research Associate to enhance the individual and institutional major gifts fundraising program of LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund. The Prospect Research Associate is primarily responsible for preparing donor research summaries, tracking and sharing progress towards development goals, and ensuring accuracy of database records. This position is an opportunity for a self-motivated, curious, analytical individual to build a career in fundraising with a prominent environmental organization. Responsibilities : Work with Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management to develop a thorough understanding of skills and practices in donor research, including searching public records, databases, social media, internet, and proprietary resources to identify and document relevant information on existing and prospective donors to LCV and LCVEF. Support the Director in maintaining and updating LCV’s President and Major Gifts team’s portfolios and outreach lists including preparation for prospect and portfolio review meetings. Produce well written, thorough and accurate briefing documents that follow LCV’s research guidelines and research product templates, as assigned. Evaluate information from various sources and highlight the most meaningful information to produce materials for LCV's President, Executive staff and the Major Gifts team. Identify new sources of information as they become necessary and/or available. Keep LCV’s database updated with relevant research and maintain appropriate donor and research codes on records. Develop and maintain a familiarity with LCV’s existing top donors and prospective donors. Contribute to organizational and department efforts to infuse racial justice and equity into all aspects of our work, including our fundraising and prospect research. Proactively identify ways to highlight the organization’s racial justice commitment to key stakeholders. Develop a broad awareness of LCV and LCVEF’s programs to support the identification of individuals and institutions whose philanthropic interests align with our priorities. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Must have at least 1+ years of work experience with a nonprofit or campaign (internship experience acceptable). Experience in nonprofit fundraising, development research preferred. Proficiency in Excel and database experience is required. Experience with online research tools such as LexisNexis, iWave Prospect Research Online, WealthEngine or FoundationSearch, desirable. Experience with Salesforce reporting and/or basic SQL queries and/or advanced Excel also preferred. Skills: Strong writing skills are required. Must have strong attention to detail and the ability to take in information from multiple sources, evaluate it, and summarize its significance. Must be able to multi-task, be flexible in shifting priorities based on urgent needs, and possess the confidence to ask for help when needed. Ideal candidate has calculated curiosity and the discipline to find what they need, analyze it, and clearly communicate relevant conclusions. Ability to adapt to new online, task management, and information management tools. Cultural Competence: Shares LCV’s commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Conditions: Must be able to work in a fast - paced environment and successfully meet deadlines. This position is based in Washington, D.C. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Prospect Research Associate” in the subject line by August 22, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Aug 02, 2019Full timeTitle : Prospect Research Associate Status : Non-exempt Reports To : Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management Positions Reporting To This Position : None General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. LCV is seeking a Prospect Research Associate to enhance the individual and institutional major gifts fundraising program of LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund. The Prospect Research Associate is primarily responsible for preparing donor research summaries, tracking and sharing progress towards development goals, and ensuring accuracy of database records. This position is an opportunity for a self-motivated, curious, analytical individual to build a career in fundraising with a prominent environmental organization. Responsibilities : Work with Director of Prospect Research and Portfolio Management to develop a thorough understanding of skills and practices in donor research, including searching public records, databases, social media, internet, and proprietary resources to identify and document relevant information on existing and prospective donors to LCV and LCVEF. Support the Director in maintaining and updating LCV’s President and Major Gifts team’s portfolios and outreach lists including preparation for prospect and portfolio review meetings. Produce well written, thorough and accurate briefing documents that follow LCV’s research guidelines and research product templates, as assigned. Evaluate information from various sources and highlight the most meaningful information to produce materials for LCV's President, Executive staff and the Major Gifts team. Identify new sources of information as they become necessary and/or available. Keep LCV’s database updated with relevant research and maintain appropriate donor and research codes on records. Develop and maintain a familiarity with LCV’s existing top donors and prospective donors. Contribute to organizational and department efforts to infuse racial justice and equity into all aspects of our work, including our fundraising and prospect research. Proactively identify ways to highlight the organization’s racial justice commitment to key stakeholders. Develop a broad awareness of LCV and LCVEF’s programs to support the identification of individuals and institutions whose philanthropic interests align with our priorities. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Must have at least 1+ years of work experience with a nonprofit or campaign (internship experience acceptable). Experience in nonprofit fundraising, development research preferred. Proficiency in Excel and database experience is required. Experience with online research tools such as LexisNexis, iWave Prospect Research Online, WealthEngine or FoundationSearch, desirable. Experience with Salesforce reporting and/or basic SQL queries and/or advanced Excel also preferred. Skills: Strong writing skills are required. Must have strong attention to detail and the ability to take in information from multiple sources, evaluate it, and summarize its significance. Must be able to multi-task, be flexible in shifting priorities based on urgent needs, and possess the confidence to ask for help when needed. Ideal candidate has calculated curiosity and the discipline to find what they need, analyze it, and clearly communicate relevant conclusions. Ability to adapt to new online, task management, and information management tools. Cultural Competence: Shares LCV’s commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Conditions: Must be able to work in a fast - paced environment and successfully meet deadlines. This position is based in Washington, D.C. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Prospect Research Associate” in the subject line by August 22, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Data & Analytics ManagerLeague of Conservation Voters Washington D.C., DC, USATitle: Data & Analytics Manager Status : Exempt Reports to: Director of Data and Analytics Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Washington, DC General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The Data & Analytics team utilizes data in the voter file to determine which voters and members of the general public are likely to be engaged on environmental issues, and maintains voter file information that permits the organization to educate the public and motivate supporters to become active civic participants. The Data & Analytics Manager will work with the Campaigns, Government Affairs, Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments as well as the state LCVs to develop and oversee data and targeting related activities on issues and elections. We are seeking a strategic thinker who can help LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund, utilize data and analytics to engage the public on environmental issues across the country and build support for environmental priorities. Responsibilities : Serve as the main point of contact for state league partner organizations with questions about voter files and targeting. Assist state league partners in establishing program and targeting goals, including identifying and coordinating opportunities for program data analysis. Manage state league data requests and provide data management assistance to state league partners as needed. Generate, manage and track voter, membership and volunteer lists for LCV and LCVEF programs, including mailings and online outreach, in a fast-paced campaign setting. Work with the Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments to synchronize data across departments. Manage relationships with voter file, data, analytics and technology vendors, and serve as a liaison to other organizations that LCV and LCVEF work closely with on data-related issues. Clean data and prepare lists to upload and export into the database(s). Maintain records describing the quality and quantity of available data. Create reports providing strategic insight for the Campaigns team about our volunteer base and voter contacts. Assist in designing voter outreach and volunteer retention experiments. Analyze demographic and socioeconomic trends in membership, volunteer, and voter data and recommend measures to expand stakeholder diversity. Analyze racial, gender and economic justice impact of government policies and programs on LCV’s stakeholders and population at-large. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Must have at least two years of related experience, though 3-4 years preferred, on issue or electoral campaigns, or organizations focused on voter contact, data management or data analytics. Must have worked in at least one data management role in a campaign setting. Must have experience with how modeling is utilized in campaigns. Experience with responding to data requests, troubleshooting problems, and providing data-driven strategic guidance to multiple internal and external stakeholders in different geographic locations. Experience with designing, delivering and organizing data skills or data management trainings. Experience with creating regular reports highlighting key metrics for internal and external stakeholders. Experience with or interest in randomized-controlled experiments a plus. Skills: Strong data management and analysis skills; demonstrated ability to communicate technical findings and concepts to non-technical audiences; able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment without sacrificing quality of work; highly motivated, curious and collaborative; Expert-level experience with VAN, MiniVAN or other voter contact tools; Experience with creating or managing relational databases and knowledge of SQL; Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Excel; Proficient with Catalist, Civis or other voter file platforms and campaign data management tools; Experience with a statistical programming language such as R, Stata, SAS or SPSS a plus; Experience with Python or GIS a plus. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Commitment to environmental justice and mission of LCV. Conditions: Ability to work overtime with little notice; able to work hours exceeding stated office hours to get the job done during peak election season. This position is based in Washington, D.C. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Data & Analytics Manager” in the subject line by July 29, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Jul 10, 2019Full timeTitle: Data & Analytics Manager Status : Exempt Reports to: Director of Data and Analytics Positions Reporting to this Position: None Location: Washington, DC General Description : The League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCV, in collaboration with our state LCV partners, advocates for sound environmental laws and policies, holds elected officials accountable for their votes and actions, and elects pro-environment candidates who will champion our priority issues. LCV’s work to protect and advocate for the environment is rooted in our commitment to racial, social and environmental justice. Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by climate change and pollution. For this reason, racial justice and equity are inextricably linked to protecting our environment. Within the organization, we are actively building a workplace culture that demonstrates how we value equity and inclusion through more intentional and inclusive practices. We are committed to building an organization that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The Data & Analytics team utilizes data in the voter file to determine which voters and members of the general public are likely to be engaged on environmental issues, and maintains voter file information that permits the organization to educate the public and motivate supporters to become active civic participants. The Data & Analytics Manager will work with the Campaigns, Government Affairs, Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments as well as the state LCVs to develop and oversee data and targeting related activities on issues and elections. We are seeking a strategic thinker who can help LCV and its sister organization, LCV Education Fund, utilize data and analytics to engage the public on environmental issues across the country and build support for environmental priorities. Responsibilities : Serve as the main point of contact for state league partner organizations with questions about voter files and targeting. Assist state league partners in establishing program and targeting goals, including identifying and coordinating opportunities for program data analysis. Manage state league data requests and provide data management assistance to state league partners as needed. Generate, manage and track voter, membership and volunteer lists for LCV and LCVEF programs, including mailings and online outreach, in a fast-paced campaign setting. Work with the Membership and Online Engagement and Development departments to synchronize data across departments. Manage relationships with voter file, data, analytics and technology vendors, and serve as a liaison to other organizations that LCV and LCVEF work closely with on data-related issues. Clean data and prepare lists to upload and export into the database(s). Maintain records describing the quality and quantity of available data. Create reports providing strategic insight for the Campaigns team about our volunteer base and voter contacts. Assist in designing voter outreach and volunteer retention experiments. Analyze demographic and socioeconomic trends in membership, volunteer, and voter data and recommend measures to expand stakeholder diversity. Analyze racial, gender and economic justice impact of government policies and programs on LCV’s stakeholders and population at-large. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : Work Experience: Must have at least two years of related experience, though 3-4 years preferred, on issue or electoral campaigns, or organizations focused on voter contact, data management or data analytics. Must have worked in at least one data management role in a campaign setting. Must have experience with how modeling is utilized in campaigns. Experience with responding to data requests, troubleshooting problems, and providing data-driven strategic guidance to multiple internal and external stakeholders in different geographic locations. Experience with designing, delivering and organizing data skills or data management trainings. Experience with creating regular reports highlighting key metrics for internal and external stakeholders. Experience with or interest in randomized-controlled experiments a plus. Skills: Strong data management and analysis skills; demonstrated ability to communicate technical findings and concepts to non-technical audiences; able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment without sacrificing quality of work; highly motivated, curious and collaborative; Expert-level experience with VAN, MiniVAN or other voter contact tools; Experience with creating or managing relational databases and knowledge of SQL; Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Excel; Proficient with Catalist, Civis or other voter file platforms and campaign data management tools; Experience with a statistical programming language such as R, Stata, SAS or SPSS a plus; Experience with Python or GIS a plus. Cultural Competence: Shares our commitment to increasing racial diversity in our movement and organization, integrating justice and equity into the work we do and ensuring an inclusive organizational culture. Commitment to environmental justice and mission of LCV. Conditions: Ability to work overtime with little notice; able to work hours exceeding stated office hours to get the job done during peak election season. This position is based in Washington, D.C. To Apply : Send cover letter and resume to hr@lcv.org with “Data & Analytics Manager” in the subject line by July 29, 2019. No phone calls please. LCV is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a racially just, equitable and inclusive workplace.Data Entry & Gift Processing Assistant (OPS) - Sarasota, FLThe John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art Sarasota, FL, USADepartment The John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art is located in Sarasota, Florida. For more about the Ringling, please see the \"Other Information\" section. Equal Employment Opportunity An Equal Opportunity/Access/Affirmative Action/Pro Disabled & Veteran Employer. FSU's Equal Opportunity Statement can be viewed at: http://www.hr.fsu.edu/PDF/Publications/diversity/EEO_Statement.pdf Responsibilities The data entry/gift processing assistant will contribute to the integrity, maintenance, and management of advancement information through data entry, reporting, gift entry, and clerical support within the Museum’s Membership & Development departments. Responsibilities include: - Creating and updating membership and donor database records in Tessitura. - Reviewing, proofreading and analyzing constituent data for accuracy, logic, and relevance in preparation of daily data transfer to Blackbaud CRM. - Verifying the accuracy of data transfers to ensure consistency between databases/systems. - Performing queries and running reports as needed in the databases. - Scanning gift documentation for revenue import batches. - Recording gifts, pledges, and membership event registrations. - Performing other administrative duties in support of the departments. Qualifications - High school diploma and two years’ experience working in an office/fiscal environment. - Strong attention to detail and ability to process complex financial data with a high level of accuracy. - Excellent organizational and administrative skills. - Ability to follow instructions and work as part of a team. - Experience with data entry and/or working in a customer relationship management database. - Applicable computer skills to include Microsoft Office applications & web navigation. Please note if selected for an interview, a work sample will be administered. Preferred Experience with Blackbaud CRM and/or Tessitura Other Information The Ringling is a preeminent center for the arts, history, performance, and learning that is dedicated to bringing the past and contemporary culture to life through extraordinary visitor experiences. From its inception, The Ringling has joined the diverse visual traditions and theatrical spectacle of yesterday with the genre-defying global practitioners of today. A place of exploration, discovery and respite, The Ringling’s campus in Sarasota, Florida--which includes the Museum of Art, Circus Museum, a historic home, an 18th-century theater and bayfront gardens--is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. As the State Art Museum of Florida and part of Florida State University, The Ringling fulfills an important educational mission. The Ringling offers formal and informal programs of study serving as a major resource for students, scholars and lifelong learners of every age across the region, country, and around the world. For more information, please visit www.ringling.org. Contact Info For more information, or for technical assistance, please contact Ringling Human Resources at 941-359-5700 ext.2605 or employment@ringling.org. Anticipated Salary Range $11.50 per hour Data Entry/Gift Processing Assistant also receives: - Regular training on upcoming exhibitions - Private gallery talks with curators - Discounts on memberships - Discounts in the museum stores - Discounts on select performances/events - Free museum admission and much more! Pay Plan This is an OPS/part-time Job. Schedule Part-time, approximately 20 hours per week, between Monday - Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. Please note, scheduled days and working hours are flexible based on the needs of the candidate and the Ringling. Scheduling requirements would include working Mondays and the candidate working a consistent shift week to week. Criminal Background Check This position requires successful completion of a criminal history background check, to include fingerprinting. The background check will be conducted as authorized and in accordance with University Policy 4-OP-C-7-B11. How To Apply If qualified and interested in a specific job opening as advertised, apply to Florida State University at https://jobs.fsu.edu. If you are a current FSU employee, apply via myFSU > Self Service. Applicants are required to complete the online application with all applicable information. Applications must include all work history up to ten years, and education details even if attaching a resume. Affordable Care Act OPS employees are covered under the Affordable Care Act. OPS employees that meet certain criteria will be offered affordable health care coverage. For more information, please visit the following website regarding the Affordable Care Act, http://hr.fsu.edu/?page=benefits/insurance/insurance_home&ops=1.Jun 04, 2019Part timeDepartment The John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art is located in Sarasota, Florida. For more about the Ringling, please see the \"Other Information\" section. Equal Employment Opportunity An Equal Opportunity/Access/Affirmative Action/Pro Disabled & Veteran Employer. FSU's Equal Opportunity Statement can be viewed at: http://www.hr.fsu.edu/PDF/Publications/diversity/EEO_Statement.pdf Responsibilities The data entry/gift processing assistant will contribute to the integrity, maintenance, and management of advancement information through data entry, reporting, gift entry, and clerical support within the Museum’s Membership & Development departments. Responsibilities include: - Creating and updating membership and donor database records in Tessitura. - Reviewing, proofreading and analyzing constituent data for accuracy, logic, and relevance in preparation of daily data transfer to Blackbaud CRM. - Verifying the accuracy of data transfers to ensure consistency between databases/systems. - Performing queries and running reports as needed in the databases. - Scanning gift documentation for revenue import batches. - Recording gifts, pledges, and membership event registrations. - Performing other administrative duties in support of the departments. Qualifications - High school diploma and two years’ experience working in an office/fiscal environment. - Strong attention to detail and ability to process complex financial data with a high level of accuracy. - Excellent organizational and administrative skills. - Ability to follow instructions and work as part of a team. - Experience with data entry and/or working in a customer relationship management database. - Applicable computer skills to include Microsoft Office applications & web navigation. Please note if selected for an interview, a work sample will be administered. Preferred Experience with Blackbaud CRM and/or Tessitura Other Information The Ringling is a preeminent center for the arts, history, performance, and learning that is dedicated to bringing the past and contemporary culture to life through extraordinary visitor experiences. From its inception, The Ringling has joined the diverse visual traditions and theatrical spectacle of yesterday with the genre-defying global practitioners of today. A place of exploration, discovery and respite, The Ringling’s campus in Sarasota, Florida--which includes the Museum of Art, Circus Museum, a historic home, an 18th-century theater and bayfront gardens--is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. As the State Art Museum of Florida and part of Florida State University, The Ringling fulfills an important educational mission. The Ringling offers formal and informal programs of study serving as a major resource for students, scholars and lifelong learners of every age across the region, country, and around the world. For more information, please visit www.ringling.org. Contact Info For more information, or for technical assistance, please contact Ringling Human Resources at 941-359-5700 ext.2605 or employment@ringling.org. Anticipated Salary Range $11.50 per hour Data Entry/Gift Processing Assistant also receives: - Regular training on upcoming exhibitions - Private gallery talks with curators - Discounts on memberships - Discounts in the museum stores - Discounts on select performances/events - Free museum admission and much more! Pay Plan This is an OPS/part-time Job. Schedule Part-time, approximately 20 hours per week, between Monday - Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. Please note, scheduled days and working hours are flexible based on the needs of the candidate and the Ringling. Scheduling requirements would include working Mondays and the candidate working a consistent shift week to week. Criminal Background Check This position requires successful completion of a criminal history background check, to include fingerprinting. The background check will be conducted as authorized and in accordance with University Policy 4-OP-C-7-B11. How To Apply If qualified and interested in a specific job opening as advertised, apply to Florida State University at https://jobs.fsu.edu. If you are a current FSU employee, apply via myFSU > Self Service. Applicants are required to complete the online application with all applicable information. Applications must include all work history up to ten years, and education details even if attaching a resume. Affordable Care Act OPS employees are covered under the Affordable Care Act. OPS employees that meet certain criteria will be offered affordable health care coverage. For more information, please visit the following website regarding the Affordable Care Act, http://hr.fsu.edu/?page=benefits/insurance/insurance_home&ops=1.Data Management AdministratorOregon Health Authority Salem, OR, USAThe Oregon Health Authority is modernizing and expanding their IT infrastructure and currently has a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Data Management Administrator to join an excellent team and work to advance their IT operations. The Oregon Health Authority promotes health equity by developing policies and programs to eliminate health disparities and reach health equity for all Oregonians. What you will do! As a Data Management Administrator for the Office of Information Services (OIS), you will be responsible for managing ongoing operations and support for the OR-Kids data services, data quality, data integration, data modeling, and data standards. You will mentor and support the application development staff in their various roles and responsibilities. OR-Kids is the State of Oregon’s legacy child welfare information system which was originally implemented as a large one-size-fits-all federal framework meant to help case workers manage their caseloads and comply with federal reporting requirements. Oregon will be transitioning OR-Kids into a new federal framework known as CCWIS (Comprehensive Child Welfare Information System) that considers new child welfare practices and technologies. CCWIS will provide Oregon the opportunity to redesign the life cycle of child welfare and ultimately improve outcomes for children and families through better data interoperability, modularity, and data quality. In this role, you will evaluate applications for technology upgrades, and develop strategies for technology integration. You will support and develop processes and tools related to data services such as reporting, testing, configuration management and data structure design. Additionally, you will build relationships and facilitate effective discussions with employees at all levels of the organization. What's in it for you? Collaboration in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year. If you are an experienced Data Management Administrator , don't delay, apply today! WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: Seven (7) years of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (b) An Associate's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or related field; AND 5 years of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field AND three (3) years of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (d) A Master's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field AND one (1) year of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (e) A Doctor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field. Experience in data modeling, database design and data management. Experience working with bi-directional data exchanges. Experience with relational database management systems. Experience in SQL performance tuning. Experience in data quality improvement. Experience in enterprise system design and development. Knowledge of systems architecture. Strong working knowledge of methods and procedures for designing, developing, monitoring and maintaining databases. Experience using automation products that support a variety of data management environments. Knowledge of Java technologies, tools and software development practices. Skills in software configuration management, automated testing, automated build, and continued integration. Experience developing data management processes and procedures. Experience developing agreements and contracts. Ability to determine effective design of data structures, software applications and equipment interfaces. Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment.Apr 03, 2019Full timeThe Oregon Health Authority is modernizing and expanding their IT infrastructure and currently has a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Data Management Administrator to join an excellent team and work to advance their IT operations. The Oregon Health Authority promotes health equity by developing policies and programs to eliminate health disparities and reach health equity for all Oregonians. What you will do! As a Data Management Administrator for the Office of Information Services (OIS), you will be responsible for managing ongoing operations and support for the OR-Kids data services, data quality, data integration, data modeling, and data standards. You will mentor and support the application development staff in their various roles and responsibilities. OR-Kids is the State of Oregon’s legacy child welfare information system which was originally implemented as a large one-size-fits-all federal framework meant to help case workers manage their caseloads and comply with federal reporting requirements. Oregon will be transitioning OR-Kids into a new federal framework known as CCWIS (Comprehensive Child Welfare Information System) that considers new child welfare practices and technologies. CCWIS will provide Oregon the opportunity to redesign the life cycle of child welfare and ultimately improve outcomes for children and families through better data interoperability, modularity, and data quality. In this role, you will evaluate applications for technology upgrades, and develop strategies for technology integration. You will support and develop processes and tools related to data services such as reporting, testing, configuration management and data structure design. Additionally, you will build relationships and facilitate effective discussions with employees at all levels of the organization. What's in it for you? Collaboration in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. We offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year. If you are an experienced Data Management Administrator , don't delay, apply today! WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: Seven (7) years of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (b) An Associate's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field, OR completion of a two (2) year accredited vocational training program in information technology or related field; AND 5 years of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (c) A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field AND three (3) years of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (d) A Master's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field AND one (1) year of information systems experience in Data Management Administration. OR (e) A Doctor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field. Experience in data modeling, database design and data management. Experience working with bi-directional data exchanges. Experience with relational database management systems. Experience in SQL performance tuning. Experience in data quality improvement. Experience in enterprise system design and development. Knowledge of systems architecture. Strong working knowledge of methods and procedures for designing, developing, monitoring and maintaining databases. Experience using automation products that support a variety of data management environments. Knowledge of Java technologies, tools and software development practices. Skills in software configuration management, automated testing, automated build, and continued integration. Experience developing data management processes and procedures. Experience developing agreements and contracts. Ability to determine effective design of data structures, software applications and equipment interfaces. Experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment.Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitter"
