"Marines Trolling Girls’ Sports Teams for Combat Jobs Should Take a Lesson from the Olympics – Political Animal BlogSkip to contentWomen In CombatEvents & AppearancesFlyer FodderAbout JudeWomen In CombatEvents & AppearancesFlyer FodderAbout JudeSearchSearch for:SearchPolitical Animal Blog\"We are by nature political animals…\" ~ AristotleUncategorizedMarines Trolling Girls’ Sports Teams for Combat Jobs Should Take a Lesson from the OlympicsDate: August 29, 2016Author: Jude Eden, Jane of Trades 5 Comments	As published at Stream.org August 17, 2016.Maybe the Marine high command should take a break from their busy work of social re-engineering and enjoy the final week of the Olympics. They might learn something about men and women the rest of us take for granted.The first thing that they would notice is that the world continues, as it always has, to not watch men competing against women. Are the Olympics just another relic of patriarchy, or do we know something arch-leftists don’t? What we know is that if women competed against men in the toughest sporting competition on the globe they would never medal and likely would be phased out completely.This was underscored when a young boy “identifying” as a girl was allowed to compete against real girls on an Alaskan high school track event and won. (So much for girl power). Yet, as AP reports, the Marine command wants to troll high school sports teams for female athletes to fill Marine jobs, including combat positions. Here the stakes are not medals and reputation but life, limb and our country’s national security.Recruiters forced to meet Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus’ quota of 25% female representation and General Robert Neller’s new dictate of 10 percent for the Marines would see many young women’s star athleticism cut short by recruiters who will be pressed to entice these young women with misleading talk about the equality of the sexes.Equality in dignity and worth: check. Equality in human rights: check. Equality double timing it for miles under an enormous field pack over rough terrain, or carrying a 200-pound wounded Marine and his gear and weapon off a battlefield, or going hand-to-hand with an ISIS soldier who wants to kill, disable, or make you a star in their next YouTube video? Not so much.Quotas are KingBut as long as the diversity numbers are “right” who cares if the military actually functions to purpose? AP reports Neller telling his recruiters, “Go find them. They’re out there.” Except that they’re not, really. Young women who know what’s good and not good for their bodies want nothing to do with the infantry. Most women don’t want to join the military at all let alone it’s toughest branch.Some 37% of female Marine recruits don’t even make it to boot camp graduation where they’re training to become basically qualified, not infantry. We’re 0 for 31 on female officers trying to complete the Infantry Officer’s Course, and they can’t find anyone else who wants to try.Military women already average two to ten times men’s injuries in support units where the physical requirements are much less. The military is hard on the body — much more so for women. Are recruiters informing young women of this fact? Hardly.If it worked, why aren’t women competing with men in wrestling, football, the UFC or any other full contact sport? Because doing so doesn’t help us thrive, much less win.What does it say about this administration and compliant generals like Neller that they want women to compete in the most lethal activity known to mankind despite unchanging disproportionate liability?You Can’t Debunk the TruthGeneral Paul Kennedy, head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command, told the AP that “he is working to debunk misconceptions about women in the Marine Corps, including worries about sexual harassment and sexual assault, limits on career options, lack of stability and difficulties having a family life.” But you can’t debunk the truth. Although sexual assault numbers are often inflated because in addition to actual assault they include unwanted touching or overhearing a dirty joke, sexual assault is absolutely something women need to be aware of when entering the military’s toughest, most male-dominated branch.Military life, especially in combat units, is not stable. It’s a constantly changing environment with new demands always on the horizon and obligation to follow orders including frequent moves and deployments. Women can enjoy life-long military careers — not being in the infantry doesn’t stop one from joining the highest ranks — but it’s extremely difficult and most women don’t want to do it — primarily because their bodies usually don’t hold out that long unless they’re riding a desk the whole time.Finally, calling the “difficulties of family life” a myth is appalling. It’s precisely the lack of permanency and the extreme pressures and demands in the military that tear so many families apart. Combat and family life are in perpetual conflict with far deeper ramifications if you’re a mother. Many women leave the military at far higher rates than men precisely because they recognize this unchanging reality as they start families or seek to begin one. But hey, forget about the children. Women’s military careers and breaking the “brass ceiling” are paramount, no matter the costs.The simple truth is that military leaders like General Kennedy are painting a fantasy that the military and combat aren’t what they are.The Tip of the SpearDiversity hawks look at the Marines with its 7% females and say the other branches are more receptive. There’s another factor — the other branches are easier. With the exception of the Special Forces and Army infantry, they’re not the tip of the spear like the Marines are.The AP story reports, “The 10 percent goal would require [Kennedy] to bring in about 3,400 women recruits a year; he believes that is well within reach.” But getting recruits in the door and having them stay in are two different matters.Women are many times more expensive to recruit because, compared to men, more of them don’t finish boot camp or make it past six months of service, more of them are non-deployable, leave the service early and far fewer re-enlist. It makes the women who do stay & succeed all the more impressive. Even so, they’re very rare, not due to sexism, but the demands of the job. Last year 400 women volunteered to go through the Marines’ enlisted infantry training. Just shy of 36% of those made it to completion (vs. 98% of males). Of the 64% who didn’t, some were medically discharged due to injuries incurred in training. They’re not serving at all anymore and never got a chance to even complete one year let alone four, 12 or a 24-year career. Of the near 36% who did make it through, many will suffer the same fate as they try to prove the feminist lie that women are interchangeable with infantrymen.“The key, Kennedy said, is to get to influencers — parents, coaches — and convince them that their daughters, their athletes, will be treated fairly,” according to the AP story. “And he said he allays fears that women would be forced into combat jobs they don’t want.” Is it fair that they are two to ten times more likely to be injured than their brothers? Now that women’s combat exemption has been repealed, those star athletes are prime fodder to help the Obama administration reach its “diversity metrics.”Obama and the milquetoast flag officers imposing his social agenda don’t care about the military or winning against our enemies, and they certainly don’t care about women. All they care about is getting the numbers. In their complicity they’re trying to recruit young women do jobs they don’t want that will hurt them more than men and won’t help our military objectives. That this is a major priority is the primary reason for our military decline. Good for our enemies; not so good for us.Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)RelatedOlympicsRecruitingSportsUSMCwomen in combatPublished by Jude Eden, Jane of Trades© Jude Eden 2008-2017 All Rights Reserved. Jude Eden is a Hillsdale College grad, a Jewish Marine Corps Iraq Veteran, cancer survivor, musician, wife of a handsome Brazilian, gardener, chef, cat and dog lover. She lives & works in Wilmington, NC. Follow @Jude_Eden	View all posts by Jude Eden, Jane of Trades	Post navigationPrevious Previous post: Drafting Women Needs Public DebateNext Next post: Why This Female Marine Iraq Veteran is Against Women in the Draft5 thoughts on “Marines Trolling Girls’ Sports Teams for Combat Jobs Should Take a Lesson from the Olympics”	Add CommentJohn Mode says:	August 30, 2016 at 2:48 amRecruiting high school female athletes for the infantry is about as stupid as college football coaches doing the same thing with the goal of having 10℅ of your football team composed of women.LikeLikeReplyBRAD says:	August 30, 2016 at 11:01 amJust so true. Love this blog and the truth it brings to light.LikeLikeReplyTom Saunders says:	September 13, 2016 at 8:52 pmMy family has been Navy for the last two generations. I talked my daughter into enlisting in the Army. She was determined to enlist, but I told her that several things are going to happen within the next 20 years. Among them, without doubt, will be the annihilation of a carrier task force and the abandonment of an army in the field. It will happen. I asked her, “Would you rather walk home or swim, because there will be no rescue.” She slept on it and chose to walk. The only advice I gave her is to stay with the group, unless they surrender; keep her weapon close, clean and know how to use it (she out shoots everyone in her Company on the range with M-16, M-240, and M-2); be aware of her geographical and political situation; and (associated to the last) don’t believe her officers are Men, the behavior of the JO-in-C of the Navy captives of the Iranians confirms that (This may be a generational thing but, being from Texas, my daughter knows what it means).Obama has stripped the Military of all but the most servile officers and the price of their promotion will be the blood of good young people trying to do the right thing.To address the central question perhaps Title IX has the potential to be the Party petard that hoists the whole egalitarian fantasy. What is needed is a half dozen upper 25% of high school male basketball players to apply for female basketball scholarships at one or more Ivy League schools by identifying as transgender. According to the US DoJ that cannot be challenged nor the claimant “harassed”. In this day and age what drawback could there be to a full scholarship and degree from Radcliffe or Vassar. The men don’t have to dress, behave, or actually try to be feminine in anyway because no one can, by dictate, judge their self identity and there are no verifiable clinical disqualifiers. They cannot be challenged if they like sex with females because then transphobia is compounded by the sin of homophobia, “Who are you to harsh my inner lesbian.” It is absolutely a win-win. NCAA won’t let you on the women’s team; off to SCOTUS, the ICC or ECHR we go (ask your lawyer who has deeper pockets than the NCAA, NFL maybe). The only way it can be stopped is to erect “barriers” for transgenders, i.e. develop a testable standard and require all who claim to be transgender to get credentialed. The Priesthood is faced with the conundrum of blowing up women’s sports (the core justification for Title IX) or blowing up the protected status of the ultimate grievance group – transsexualism (which is odorless, colorless and tasteless; in other words not attached to the physical world in any sense except through political ideology).They can renounce their transism upon graduation or ride it to new heights. After all, grievance mongering, in the truest sense of the phrase, was the key to tenure for E. Warren and W. Churchill.LikeLikeReplyJohn Mode says:	September 13, 2016 at 9:42 pmTom Saunders, I respect your daughter for volunteering for military service. But why the Army? Why not the Air Force? The Army is the last place I would want my daughter. It is the most politically correct of the services that field infantry units. With the feminization of the military and women being forced into combat infantry units, her life and the lives of others will be at much greater risk. I’m sure you read the exhaustive 9 month Marine Corps. study in which mixed gender infantry units were vastly outperformed by all male units. This is good for the military? I know you will agree that it isn’t. I, like you, like to use the sports analogy when debating the women in combat issue. Most people do not realize that, on average, a young man will have 15 times the testosterone of a young woman. Strength, load carrying ability aggression and risk taking are critical for the infantryman. Women are at a tremendous disadvantage in these circumstances, not to mention the sexual dynamics at play. These young men and women are at the peak of their sexuality and reproductive years. Biology and biological instincts cannot be ordered away. I read an article that the 2014 US women’s olympic hockey team, to prepare for the 2014 winter olympics, practised against Northeastern boy’s high school hockey teams. The boys were not allowed to body check (so as to not injure the women) and still managed to win half of their games… against the best female hockey players in the world. I’ve said that even the best female athlete in the world would not make a Division 1, Division 2, or much less even a Division 3 college football team a better team, otherwise women would be playing against men in football games. I am glad that women veterans like Jude Eden and Jessie Jane Duff are speaking out on this issue. It are women who have to speak up against these new military policies.LikeLikeReplyJude Eden, Jane of Trades says:	September 13, 2016 at 9:58 pmThanks for your comment, John. Do you by chance have a link to that article you refer to? I’d be interested to read it.All the best & Semper FiJudeLikeLikeLeave a Reply Cancel replyEnter your comment here...Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:Email (required) (Address never made public)Name (required)WebsiteYou are commenting using your WordPress.com account.	( Log Out / Change )You are commenting using your Google account.	( Log Out / Change )You are commenting using your Twitter account.	( Log Out / Change )You are commenting using your Facebook account.	( Log Out / Change )CancelConnecting to %sNotify me of new comments via email.Notify me of new posts via email.Follow me on TwitterMy TweetsFollow Blog via EmailEnter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.Join 2,349 other followers	Email Address:	FollowArchivesArchives Select Month September 2018 February 2018 April 2017 March 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 June 2011 January 2008© 2021 Political Animal BlogBlog at WordPress.com.Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email AddressCancelPost was not sent - check your email addresses!	Email check failed, please try again	Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email."
