"Chief Medical Physicist (Williamsport, PA) in Williamsport, PA - UPMCCOVID-19 PrecautionsAt UPMC, we are committed to keeping our community safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds. As our team continues to provide Life Changing Medicine to our patients, our recruiters will continue to fill positions throughout this time. Interviews and other processes may be modified to protect the safety of our candidates and employees. Thank you for your patience.For more information about UPMC's response to COVID-19, please visit upmc.com/coronavirus.Career PathwaysNursing Allied Health Professionals Physicians Advanced Practice Providers Professional & Admin Service Workers StudentsConnect With UsWorking HereCommunityMy AccountSearch Our JobsSearchThis job posting is no longer active.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyChief Medical Physicist (Williamsport, PA)Job ID: 766181Status: Full-TimeRegular/Temporary: RegularHours: 8:00 am to 4:30 pmShift: Day JobFacility: UPMC Susquehanna Divine ProvidDepartment: DPH-RADIATION ONCOLOGYLocation: 1100 Grampian Boulevard, Williamsport PA 17701Union Position: NoSalary Range: $75.05 to $112.57 / hourDescriptionA Chief Medical Physicist position is immediately available for an experienced medical physicist at the UPMC Hillman Cancer Center located at 1100 Grampian Blvd, Williamsport, PA. The successful candidate will provide leadership to the Physics Section consisting of one physicist in addition to the Chief Physicist and two dosimetrists in this progressive, technologically advanced Cancer Center. The Chief Medical Physicist will oversee all the operations of clinical medical physics services that are provided at the center. This person will conduct all aspects of the radiation therapy physics consistent with the mission and goals of the center, including clinical medical physics support, equipment calibration and commissioning, maintaining of appropriate quality assurance for equipment and treatment delivery, compliance with radiation safety, licensing issues and other pertinent regulatory requirements. The department uses the following techniques: IMRT, IGRT, SRS, SBRT with CBCT/OBI, 4D CT and organ motion management. The successful candidate will have demonstrated clinical skills in these areas. Board certification is required and at least five years of clinical experience is preferred. This position is also the RSO for the Linear Accelerator program.Facility and Equipment:UPMC Hillman Cancer Center in Williamsport is a community cancer center in North-Central Pennsylvania. The center is a part of UPMC Hillman Cancer Center network consisting of 26 cancer centers located in Pennsylvania and New York area. UPMC Hillman Cancer Center has the following equipment: Varian Linacs- EDGE (New), Trilogy, Varisource HDR, and GE Lightspeed CTsimulator. Software to include: Aria-EMR, Eclipse-Planning, Rad Calc and RPM motion management system.Purpose:Oversee the operations of all clinical Medical Physics services that are provided. Conduct all aspects of the Radiation Oncology physics that is consistent with the mission and goals of the Department of Radiation Oncology, equipment calibration and commissioning, clinical support, maintenance of appropriate quality assurance for equipment and treatment delivery, compliance with radiation safety and licensing issues.Responsibilities:Assist in the clinical practice of Radiation Oncology Physics and dosimetry. This includes equipment usage/selection/replacement, physics and dosimetry staff requirements/assignments/recruitment, program operation, budget preparation, and continuing review of program's policies and procedures.Direct the design, fabrication, and measurement of treatment beam modifiers and treatment aids.In conjunction with BioTronics, ensure that all therapy equipment is fully maintained and serviced.In conjunction with Health System ISD , ensure that the Radiation Oncology Information system is fully implemented, functional, maintained and secure.Maintain a comprehensive quality assurance program that ensures patients are provided tumor localization, radiation treatment, and dose distributions as prescribed. This includes assurance of the accuracy of treatment unit parameters.Manage the compliance of NRC and State Rules and Regulations, as well as adhere to ACRO and appropriate AAPM Task Group Guidelines.Manage the development of treatment plans, acquisition and storage of data for treatment plans, calculation of dose distributions and machine settings for treatment delivery.Manage the in-vivo dose measurement and use of measuring devices for verification of dose delivery to patients. Provide interpretation/consultation to the Radiation Oncologist on basis of in-vivo dosimetry.Obtain and disseminate information pertaining to current practices within the field of Radiation Oncology Physics.Oversee and manage the development and documentation of performance specifications, procedures, testing, tolerances, and frequency of testing for all therapy equipment.Oversee and manage the systematic measurement, documentation, and assurance of the physical aspects of all radiation sources/devices used in Radiation Oncology.Provide consultation to the Radiation Oncologist on the physical and radiobiological aspect of treatment. Translate the desired treatment plan into a set of instructions for radiation therapists to execute.Supervise and perform acceptance testing and commissioning of all treatment-related equipment. This includes calibration of all radiation producing sources and maintenance of all information for their appropriate use.QualificationsMasters or PhD degree in Medical Physics, with at least 5 years of solid clinical experience. Must be certified by the American Board of Radiology in Radiation Therapy Physics or Radiological Physics, American Board of Medical Physics (ABMP). Must meet qualified expert criteria defined by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and/or State radiation agency.Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:Act 33 Child Clearance with RenewalAct 34 Criminal Clearance with RenewalAct 73 FBI ClearanceAmerican Board of Radiology - Therapeutic Medical PhysicsUPMC is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Females/Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesTotal RewardsMore than just competitive pay and benefits, UPMC’s Total Rewards package cares for you in all areas of life &emdash; because we believe that you’re at your best when receiving the support you need: professional, personal, financial, and more.Our ValuesAt UPMC, we’re driven by shared values that guide our work and keep us accountable to one another. Our Values of Quality & Safety, Dignity & Respect, Caring & Listening, Responsibility & Integrity, Excellence & Innovation play a vital role in creating a cohesive, positive experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. Ready to join us? Apply today.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyFollow UsCareersMy Account (External Candidates)Search JobsUPMC Careers Blogupmc.comUPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer | Contact us for Disability Accommodations | E-Verify | FAQsTalent NetworkJoin our Talent Network"
