"Outside Sales job in Springfield, MO #7795058Select your country:Login PasswordForgot your password? RegistrationPost resumePost jobSearch ResumesHelpContactsOutside Sales - Springfield, MO #7795058Company: ThrasherDate: 01/14/2021City: Springfield, MOEmployment type: Full-timeCome thrive in an environment where your entrepreneurial spirit is rewarded! At Thrasher Foundation Repair, we are a family owned and operated foundation repair, basement waterproofing, and concrete leveling company that operates EMPLOYEES FIRST. As a Sales Representative you'll:Receive a 6 week comprehensive TRAINING on products, services, and on-the-job training.Meet with homeowners on SCHEDULED appointments on company PROVIDED LEADS predominantly MONDAY-FRIDAY DURING BUSINESS HOURS.Join a CULTURE voted for over 5 years in multiple cities as a BEST PLACE TO WORK!Earn BASE + COMMISSION + BONUSESGROW: 25% of our employees are promoted year over year!Be backed by a company with a 45 year reputation grounded in INTEGRITY and WARRIENTIED WORK!Qualify for BENEFITS: 3 wks paid time off, 7 holidays, health, dental, 401(k) with profitability driven match of 5% for the last 16 years.Don't take our word, hear it from those that represent us daily while meeting with homeowners:Wyatt Simon, 2.5 years of service: \"There has been nowhere else I've ever worked where the team truly cares about each other success like here. It goes across departments from when an appointment is created all the way to when the work is put in the ground. Whether I'm working with the customer care team, or the production leader.\"Shane McClintic, 10.5 years of service: \"My job is a lot of fun. I represent one of the most trusted brands in our industry. Our solutions and services are light-years ahead of any competitor. Its fulfilling work to help so many people solve tough problems with their homes.\"Dylan Hagen, 1 year of service: \"I have always enjoyed being part of a championship team and Thrasher is that championship team within the construction world. We are led by great leaders with who we can have honest conversations with us with the intent to make each other better.Braden Eck, 2 years of service: \"A lot of companies try to express that they have a family atmosphere and are a team, but rarely live up to that claim. Thrasher lives out this value every day. From production members helping me to come up with the best solution to other sales people helping me to improve – we are all dedicated to helping each other which leads to helping more homeowners.\"Kayle Pellor, 7 years of service: \"To achieve our goals whether they be personal or professional, we need to rely on others to help us get there. When it comes to goals within the company set by us as individuals or by our teammates, we lean on each other to give us honest feedback, constructive criticism, and hold us accountable. This makes us stronger as individuals and as a company. It applies to our everyday work and sharing the load without thinking one must do it all.\"If you have:A POSITIVE MINDSET & desire to challenge the status quo you'll love it here!EXPERIENCE: A minimum of 2 years of experience as an Account Manager / Inside Sales, Account Executive, Territory Sales Representative, Recruitment, Business Development, or in construction sales encouraged to apply.THE ABILITY TO MEET THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS: Valid driver's license and ability to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicle Record, background check, and drug test. Ability to travel Monday-Thursday 4-8 nights per month.At Thrasher, we offer a fun and family-oriented environment, provide the tools and training you need to get the job done the right way, and a competitive pay and benefits package. If you think you'd be a great fit on our team, we'd love to have you apply. Learn more at www.gothrasher.com. EEOYou need to be authorized to apply for this job.You can find the authorization form on the right panel or below the content area if you use a mobile device. If you don't have an account yet please Sign Up now.Fill this form to submit your resume by email:Your name *Your email *Your message for employer *Attach your resume (optional, 2Mb max)Similar jobsSeasonal Retail Team Member - Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis Bookstore S1588	General Manager - Business Operating Partner	Director of People Operations	© 2014-2021 SnapJobSearch.comTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicySelect your country:"
