"JOBSPlease choose your languageENGLISHFRANCAISGERMANITALIANORUSSIANCOMPANYPRODUCTSAPPLICATIONSSERVICESSTOCK & USEDNEWS & INFOhome-maintenance servicesMAINTENANCE SERVICESALLCUSTOMER TECHNOLOGICAL SUPPORTMAINTENANCE SERVICESFINANCIAL SERVICESREPAIRING MAINTENANCEThe value of an investment in production systems and technologies develops and changes over time based on three keys elements:- AVAILABILITY- EFFICIENCY- RESIDUAL VALUEIn the past these elements had an unclear value, they were roughly measured and rarely resulted in corrective actions when necessary. In addition, mainly large Companies had bulky maintenance organisations which dealt with the “health” of installed systems. This scenario has radically changed now. In particular in the machine tool industry, investment assessments and the expectations of supplier support have completely changed, and often these factors are a real decision-making criterion for end users’ purchasing.For this reason Jobs has heavily invested in human resources, technologies and facilities to ensure the best services to its customers in order to guarantee that the value of its products is protected.Availability means hours actually worked.- A service organisation composed of human resources, technological equipment and organisational procedures is locally present in all the areas of greatest concentration at Jobs’ Branches and Service Centres to ensure the shortest operations times at the lowest cost.- A total of Euro 6,000,000 of Jobs spare parts are available in various warehouses at Jobs’ branches- A custom CRM system catalogues and manages all the activities on all installed Jobs plants- The quality supplied by Jobs products and services is constantly monitored.Efficiency means correct maintenance and updating.- Jobs is able to supply all the preventive maintenance work required on its products- Jobs can supply extended warranties (partial or total) on covered products- All retrofittable product updates can by installed by Jobs’ Retrofitting Service.Residual value means having a supplier that manages the product when it is disposed of- Jobs takes care of trading in/repurchasing its products- The Retrofitting Service ensures support for the relocation, updating and reinstallation of Jobs and Sachman productsWorthcare Service ProgramIn order to better organise the technical service procedures worldwide through a single instrument, Jobs launched the Wothcare Service Program and realized GSP (Global Service Portal). This application allows the Internet connection in real time of the offices in Piacenza/Reggio Emilia with the Jobs/Sachman branch offices, the licensed Service Centres, the technicians on-site and the authorized customers and consequently the immediate availability of the network information. Furthermore it is possible to connect GSP in teleservice mode directly to the machine installed by the end-user.REPAIRING MAINTENANCECustomer hotline support, 18 hours a dayFirst class service engineers for on-site interventionsFirst aid by local engineersSPARE PARTS6 million Euro stockShipment in 24 hoursPREVENTIVE MAINTENANCEMaintenance contract program: ordinary and customized maintenance contract with 12/24 hours reaction timeReal time analysis (i.e. on line spindle vibration / chatter control)Special contracts (i.e. electrospindle exchange program)UPGRADING & RETROFITTINGUpgrading & Retrofitting teamTELESERVICETeleservice contractGSP: GLOBAL SERVICE PORTALJobs real time WEB toolOn line all machine documentation and communicationField schedule control...and much moreSigmaVertical Machining CentresCompact 3ALeaderCompact 5AFlexiTandem 3A-5A-6ASachmanMedium PowerTRT10TS10T/TRT314ThoraFrazerHigh PowerMP212Thor 100Thor 200RambaudiHigh SpeedRC270Medium PowerSARAHigh PowerMGRAMMATICJOBSVery High SpeedLinX CompactLinX DesignLinX DuoLinX MillturnLinX OHigh SpeedeVer 7Jomach 145Jomach 169Speeder/Grand SpeederHigh PowereVer 5JomaX 261JomaX 265JomaX 269TarkusCOMPANYcompanyvalues & missionhistoryreferencessales networkservice organizationhow to reach usAPPLICATIONSaerospaceautomotivegeneral engineering & energySTOCK & USEDnew machines available in short delivery timeused/retrofitted machines availableSERVICEScustomer technological supportmaintenance servicesfinancial servicesrepairing maintenanceNEWS & INFOproductseventscoursesarticles and pubblicationsnewslettersCONTACT USLINKSJOBS OPPORTUNITIES© 2014 JOBS S.P.A. | Società con Socio Unico | Via Emilia Parmense 164 | VAT CODE IT 01501180333 | 29122 Piacenza | Tel. 0523 549611 | Fax. 0523 549750Cap. Soc. Euro 8.000.000,00 i.v. | R.E.A. Piacenza 167925 | Registro Imprese Piacenza 01501180333Disclaimer |What are cookies?Cookies are small units of text strings stored in your computer when you visit certain pages on the internet.Cookies must be enabled in order to be able to purchase products on the www.jobs.it. If you choose not to accept the cookies, you can still browse the Site and use it for reference purposes. Cookies are enabled by default by most browsers, we have nevertheless included a section after this paragraph with instructions on how to modify the settings of your cookies.Please note that cookies will not damage your computer. We do not retain any personal data that can identify the user in the cookies we generate, for instance credit card details, but we use encrypted data collected by same to improve and ensure top quality browsing of our Site. For example, they can be useful for identifying and resolving errors, or for identifying relevant correlated products to be proposed to the user during navigation.We provide this information as part of our policy aimed at fully complying with all recent legislation requirements, and to guarantee our integrity and transparency concerning your privacy when you use our website. We are working to improve the aspects of cookies and privacy on this website.You can find more details on cookies at the following websites: www.allaboutcookies.org e www.youronlinechoices.eu.Cookies can perform various functions, such as allowing you to navigate between different pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and in general to improve the user's experience on websites.JOBS S.P.A. reserves the right to use cookies, with the consent of users where the law or applicable regulations foresee the same, to render site navigation easier and customise the information that will appear. JOBS S.P.A. also reserves the right to use similar systems to collect information about Site users, such as for instance, IP address, type of web browser and operating system used and / or web pages visited by a user, for statistical or security purposes only. JOBS S.P.A. is entitled to collect this information to track site usage and improve certain aspects.The sections below give a brief review on how JOBS S.P.A. uses cookies and similar instruments.Navigation cookiesThese cookies are essential for you to move around the Site and to use its features, such as for instance access to restricted areas of the website. Without these cookies we can not provide the services you request, such as the shopping kart or e-billing.Strictly necessary cookies are used to store a unique identifier in order to manage and identify users from all the other users visiting the Site at that same moment, and to provide the user with a consistent and accurate service.Some examples include:Memorising previous actions (for example, entered text) when navigating back to a page in the same session;Management and passage of security tokens for different services within a website to identify the status of the visitor (e.g. registered or unregistered);Maintenance of tokens to use restricted areas of the website;Routing of customers towards specific service versions / applications, as may be necessary during a technical migration process;Performance cookiesThese cookies can be JOBS S.P.A., session or persistent cookies, their use is limited to the performance and improvement of the website features. These cookies collect information on how a visitor uses the Site, such as the pages visited. These cookies do not collect information that can identify you. All information collected by these cookies are aggregated in an anonymous form and are only used to improve the functionality of the Site.Some examples include:Web Analytics, the collected data are solely limited to the use of the website by an operator, to manage the performance and structure of the Site. These cookies may be third-party cookies, but the information will be used solely by those assigned to publishing of the visited website;• Error Handling - Measurement of errors that occur on a website, this function will usually support the improvement of services or claim management and will generally be strictly linked to web analytics;Testing of different website page structures - Tests on variations in the structure, normally using A/B or multivariate tests, to ensure that the site maintains a consist aspect for users during current and subsequent sessions.Functional cookiesThese cookies can be session or persistent. These cookies are usually the result of a user action, but they can also be implemented when providing a service not specifically requested but simply offered to users. They can also be used to prevent a previously offered and rejected service from being proposed to the same user. Furthermore, these cookies allow the Site to remember user choices (such as user name, language, country of origin, etc ...). All information gathered by these cookies is anonymous and can not track user behaviour on other websites.Some examples include:remember the settings that a user has applied to a website such as layout, font size, preferences, colours, etc.;remember a choice so that users are no longer requested to fill out a questionnaire.detect if a service has already been offered, such as for instance, offering a tutorial during subsequent visits to the website;To provide information to allow access to an optional service such as the offer of a live chat session.To fulfil a user request such as submitting a comment.Third party cookies for marketing/retargetingThese cookies are used in order to present JOBS S.P.A. advertising banners when you are visiting other websites, displaying the latest products that you looked on the www.jobs.it . As you navigate the www.jobs.it , these cookies are also used to propose products that could be of interest to you, or similar to those you have looked at in the past, based on your browser history. Use of these cookies does not imply the processing of personal data, but can allow connection to your PC or other devices and trace saved data: these cookies connect to the browser installed on your computer or other device used to navigate our website.How can I disable cookies?Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can also choose not to accept them. It is recommended not to disable this function, since this may prevent you from moving freely from page to page and enjoy all the features of the Site.If you do not want your computer to receive and store cookies, you can modify the security settings of your browser (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, etc..). In any case, please note that certain sections of our Site can only be used to their full capacity if your browser accepts cookies; otherwise you will not be able to add products to your kart or purchase them (for example). Accordingly, your decision to remove and not accept cookies may have a negative effect when browsing our SiteIf you wish to change your cookies settings, using the settings of the various browsers, here are some brief instructions on how to do this in the four most popular browsers:Microsoft Internet ExplorerClick the 'Tools' icon in the upper right corner and select 'Internet Options'. In the pop-up window select 'Privacy'. Here you can adjust the settings of your cookies.Google ChromeClick the 'wrench' icon in the upper right corner and select 'Settings'. Now select “Under the hood\" and change the settings in the 'Privacy' section.Mozilla FirefoxFrom the pull-down menu in the upper left corner, select 'Options'. In the pop-up window select 'Privacy'. Here you can adjust the settings of your cookies.SafariFrom the pull-down menu in the upper right corner, select 'Preferences'. Select 'Security' and from here you can adjust the settings of your cookies.To find out more about cookies and how to manage or disable third party or marketing/retargeting cookies, visit www.youronlinechoices.com.To disable analytical cookies and prevent Google Analytics from collecting your navigation data, download the browser add-on to disable Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.THIS SITE USES COOKIES. CONTINUING TO SAIL ON THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT THE USE OF COOKIES. FIND OUT MORETHIS SITE USES COOKIES. FIND OUT MORE"
