"Why I quit my job: | Kai Nagata—Kai NagataWriter / VideographerHomeAboutContactVideoJuly 8, 2011Uncategorized1,680 Comments	Why I quit my job:Until Thursday, I was CTV’s Quebec City Bureau Chief, based at the National Assembly, mostly covering politics. It’s a fascinating beat – the most interesting provincial legislature in Canada, and the stories coming out of there lately have been huge. The near-implosion of the Parti Quebecois has kept the press gallery hopping well into summer. If you’re not from Quebec, it’s hard to explain the place the National Assembly holds in the popular imagination – but suffice to say that within francophone journalistic circles it carries more prestige than Parliament Hill. I had the privilege to be working next to several of the sharpest reporters in the country.Fred Biss in LabradorThe city is beautiful, ancient, and a great place to learn French. As master and commander of my own little outpost, I had significant editorial control over what I covered and how I treated it – granted, within a recognizable TV news formula. My bosses trusted and encouraged me, my colleagues at the station in Montreal were supportive and fun to work with, and my closest collaborator, cameraman/editor Fred Bissonnette, quickly became a close friend.I was a full-time employee making good money, with comprehensive benefits and retirement options (I was even lucky enough to be hired before Bell bought CTV and began clawing back some of those expensive perks.) It was what I would qualify as a “great job,” especially for a 24-year old. Many of you told me how proud you were of my quick climb. But there was a growing gap between the reporter I played on TV, and the person I really am and want to become. I reached my breaking point suddenly, although when I look back now, the signposts were clear.First day working with Fred in Quebec City - courtesy Thomas de LorimierNot why I quit my job:Let me pause for a minute and tell you the reasons for which I did not quit my job. I didn’t quit my job because I had a falling out with anyone at CTV or the National Assembly or in my life outside work. And I didn’t quit my job because it was too hard. It’s true that the position demands responsibility. You have to know what’s happening, what’s important, and deploy your limited resources accordingly (namely, me and Fred). When I went to bed I turned email notifications off on my Blackberry, but I left the ringer on. After all, when you’re the network’s only reporter between Montreal and the Maritimes, they have to be able to reach you. But I would say, humbly, that I didn’t just meet expectations – I excelled. In everything I was asked to do, I performed consistently at a level above my experience. We made some good TV. So I didn’t quit my job because I felt frustrated or that my career was peaking. I quit my job because the idea burrowed into my mind that, on the long list of things I could be doing, television news is not the best use of my short life. The ends no longer justified the means.Indulging a PETA protestor during the Royal Visit - courtesy Francis VachonOf television news:I’m trying to think of the reporters I know who would do their job as volunteers. The people who feel so strongly about the importance and social value of the evening news that, were they were offered somewhere to sleep, three meals a day, and free dry-cleaning – they would do that for the rest of their days. I’m not saying those people don’t exist, but such zeal is scarce. People do the job for all kinds of reasons. A few are raging narcissists. Many have kids to feed and mortgages to pay. Most believe they are fighting the good fight, if indirectly. In my case, I discovered it was something I was good at, I could see the potential to get better, and in the meantime, people were willing to trade me a lot of money to put the other things on hold. But even though I had the disposable income, I never bought a television. I was raised without one, and once I moved out on my own I decided I didn’t want one in the house.TV news is a curious medium. You don’t always know whose interests are being served – or ignored. Although bounded by certain federal regulations, most of what you see in a newscast is actually defined by an internal code – an editorial tradition handed down from one generation to the next – but the key is, it’s self-enforced. Various industry associations hear complaints and can issue recommendations, or reward exemplary work with prizes. There are also watchdogs with varying degrees of clout. But these entities have no enforcement capacity. Underneath this lies the fact that information is a commodity, and private TV networks are supposed to make money. All stations, publicly funded or not, want to maintain or expand their viewership. This is what I’ll call the elephant in the room.Consider Fox News. What the Murdoch model demonstrated was that facts and truth could be replaced by ideology, with viewership and revenue going up. Simply put, you can tell less truth and make more money. When you have to balance the interests of your shareholders against the interests of the viewers you supposedly serve, the firewall between the boardroom and the newsroom becomes a very important bulwark indeed. CTV, in my experience, maintains high standards in factual accuracy. Its editorial staff is composed of fair-minded critical thinkers. But there is an underlying tension between “what the people want to see” and “the important stories we should be bringing to people”. I remember as the latest takeover was all but finalized, Bellmedia executives came to talk about “growing eyeballs” in the “specialty channels”. What they meant was, sports are profitable – so as long they keep raking in cash, we can keep funding underperforming assets like our news division. (The same dynamic exists at the CBC, by the way.)Certainly it would be a poor move, optics-wise, to make cuts in local news. For some reason job losses and factory closures in the media sector tend to generate a lot of coverage. But at every network, the bean counters are looking at a shrinking, aging audience (fixed incomes are harder to sell to advertisers) and there is intense pressure to keep the numbers up.Human beings don’t always like good nourishment. We seem to love white sugar, and unless we understand why we feel nauseated and disoriented after binging on sweets, we’ll just keep going. People like low-nutrition TV, too. And that shapes the internal, self-regulated editorial culture of news.Take newsroom aesthetics as an example. I admit felt a profound discomfort working in an industry that so casually sexualizes its workforce. Every hiring decision is scrutinized using a skewed, unspoken ratio of talent to attractiveness, where attractiveness often compensates for a glaring lack of other qualifications. The insecurity, self doubt, and body-image issues endured by otherwise confident, intelligent journalists would break your heart. And clearly there’s a double standard, a split along gender lines. But in an environment where a lot of top executives are women, what I’m talking about applies to men as well. The idea has taken root that if the people reporting the news look like your family and neighbours, instead of Barbie and Ken, the station will lose viewers.Looking tired in ChibougamauThe problem with the CBC:Aside from feeling sexually attracted to the people on screen, the target viewer, according to consultants, is also supposed to like easy stories that reinforce beliefs they already hold. This is where the public broadcaster is caught in a tough spot. CBC Television, post-Stursberg, is failing in two ways. Despite modest gains in certain markets, (and bigger gains for reality shows like Dragon’s Den and Battle of the Blades) it’s still largely failing to broadcast to the public. More damnably, the resulting strategy is now to compete with for-profit networks for the lowest hanging fruit. In this race to the bottom, the less time and money the CBC devotes to enterprise journalism, the less motivation there is for the private networks to maintain credibility by funding their own investigative teams. Even then, “consumer protection” content has largely replaced political accountability.It’s a vicious cycle, and it creates things like the Kate and Will show. Wall-to-wall, breaking-news coverage of a stage-managed, spoon-fed celebrity visit, justified by the couple’s symbolic relationship to a former colony, codified in a document most Canadians have never read (and one province has never signed). On a weekend where there was real news happening in Bangkok, Misrata, Athens, Washington, and around the world, what we saw instead was a breathless gaggle of normally credible journalists, gushing in live hit after live hit about how the prince is young and his wife is pretty. And the public broadcaster led the charge.Aside from being overrun by “Action News” prophets from Iowa, the CBC has another problem: the perception that it’s somehow a haven for left-wing subversives. True or not, the CBC was worried enough about its pinko problem to commission an independent audit of its coverage, in which more consultants tried to quantify “left-wing bias” and, presumably using stopwatches, demonstrate that the CBC gives the Conservative government airtime commensurate with the proportion of seats it holds in the House of Commons. Or something like that.Jon Stewart talks about a “right-wing narrative of victimization,” and what it has accomplished in Canada is the near-paralysis of progressive voices in broadcasting. In the States, even Fox News anchor Chris Wallace admitted there is an adversarial struggle afoot – that, in his view, networks like NBC have a “liberal” bias and Fox is there to tell “the other side of the story.” Well, Canada now has its Fox News. Krista Erickson, Brian Lilley, and Ezra Levant each do a wonderful send-up of the TV anchor character. The stodgy, neutral, unbiased broadcaster trope is played for jokes before the Sun News team gleefully rips into its targets. But Canada has no Jon Stewart to unravel their ideology and act as a counterweight. Our satirists are toothless and boring, with the notable exception of Jean-René Dufort. And on the more serious side, we have no Keith Olbermann or Rachel Maddow. So I don’t see any true debate within the media world itself, in the sense of a national, public clash of ideas. The Canadian right wing, if you want to call it that, has had five years to get the gloves off. With a majority Conservative government in power, they’re putting on brass knuckles. Meanwhile the left is grasping about in a pair of potholders. The only explanation I can think of is they’re too polite, or too scared. If it’s the latter, I think it’s clear enough why.First stop after leaving Montreal on TuesdayComing out of the closet:I have serious problems with the direction taken by Canadian policy and politics in the last five years. But as a reporter, I feel like I’ve been holding my breath. Every question I asked, every tweet I posted, and even what I said to other journalists and friends had to go through a filter, where my own opinions and values were carefully strained out. Even then I’m not sure I was always successful, but I always knew at the CBC and subsequently at CTV that there were serious consequences for editorial. Within the terms of my employment at CTV, there was a clause in which the corporation (now Bellmedia) literally took ownership of my intellectual property output. If I invented a better mouse trap, they owned the patent. If I wrote a novel, they got a cut. Rhymes on the back of a napkin? Bellmedia is hip to the jive, yo. And if I ever said anything out of line with my position as an “objective” TV reporter, they had grounds to fire me. I had a sinking feeling when I first read that clause, but I signed because I was 23 and I wanted the job. Now I want my opinions back.I’ll say off the bat that my views don’t completely mesh with any one political party. I’m not a partisan operative and I never was. Fiscally, I believe a government should be conservative. Caution seems like a good thing in stewarding the public purse. At the same time, I believe we should be taxed according to our capacity and that revenue invested, sometimes massively, in projects for the public good. Under those criteria, I see no sense in buying stealth fighters more than a decade after the Cold War, or building bigger prisons when crime rates are decreasing. If we have that kind of capital to spend, it should go on high-speed rail or renewable energy infrastructure.On what we call the “social issues,” I think a government ought to err on the side of keeping its mouth shut. If a woman needs to get an abortion or a gay couple wants to get married, one minister’s opinion shouldn’t be relevant. If a theatre festival wants to explore home-grown terrorism or an arm’s-length agency criticizes a military ally, there better be a damn good justification for yanking their funding. And when science debunks ideology, reason should be allowed to prevail in determining public policy.A caution: there are a number of small-c and big-C conservatives that I like a lot. My grandfather, for example. Or any number of federal staffers and MPs. But those blinded by tribal partisanship might not like what I have to say.Right now, there’s a war going on against science in Canada. In order to satisfy a small but powerful political base, the PMO is engaged in a not-so-clandestine operation to dismantle and silence the many credible opponents to the Harper doctrine. Why kill the census? Literally in order to make decisions in the dark, without the relevant data. Hence the prisons. Why de-fund scientific research? Because whole branches of the natural sciences are premised on things like evolution, a theory the minister responsible made it clear he doesn’t understand – and likely doesn’t believe in. Why settle for weak platitudes on climate change? Because despite global scientific consensus, elements of the Conservative base don’t believe human activity could warm the planet. Centuries of rational thought and academic tradition, dating back to the Renaissance, is being thrown out the window in favour of an ideology that doesn’t reflect reality.Meanwhile, we’re wrapping up a real war, one that invites us to take stock of where we stand in the world ten years after it began. When I joined the infantry reserve, I asked about the possibility of volunteering for a peacekeeping mission (a practice this country invented). I was told by the warrant officer I spoke to that with all available resources tied up in Afghanistan, indefinitely, I could forget about wearing a blue beret. One Conservative campaign ad told us Canada is a “courageous warrior,” and yet we lost our seat at the UN Security Council. The Canada whose values I thought I was signing up to promote and defend is increasingly unrecognizable from an international vantage point.We have withdrawn from humanitarian projects because aspects might offend Evangelists back home. We have clung so tightly to our US allies overseas that we figure on lists of terrorism targets where we didn’t before. We are deporting people to be tortured and closing our borders to the family members of foreign professionals. We have become, in Mr. Harper’s characterization, an island. A sea of troubles lapping at our shores. In other words, we are closing the harbours when we most need to be building bridges.On climate change, the conclusion I am forced to draw is that the current federal government has completely abdicated its responsibility. The message to my generation is: figure it out yourselves. The dogmatic refusal to accept that people have created this crisis and people must do what they can to avert it reminds me of the flat-earth crew. Except this time, we really are going to sail off the edge. We need to be recruiting international scientists, funding research, stimulating the green economy, legislating disincentives to fossil fuel use, and most importantly, reaching out and building alliances with the countries who are already taking a proactive stance. As an Arctic nation – a country of inventors, diplomats, and negotiators, we should be taking the lead in brokering global accords that might save the world as we know it. Instead we are closing ourselves off, alienating our neighbours, and looking inward, to our past achievements. In the interests of short-term political gain, and medium-term profits for energy companies, Conservative politicians are abandoning my generation and any that hope to come after.Meanwhile, the people who are supposed to be holding decision makers to account are instead broadcasting useless tripe, or worse, stories that actively distract from the massive projects we need to be tackling instead of watching TV.Next steps:What I need is to better myself spiritually, physically, and intellectually, so I can effect meaningful change in the world around me. I don’t know yet where this impulse will take me, but I know I can’t go back to working parallel to the real problems, hiding my opinions and yet somehow hoping that one viewer every night might piece together what I wanted to say. I thought if I paid my dues and worked my way up through the ranks, I could maybe reach a position of enough influence and credibility that I could say what I truly feel. I’ve realized there’s no time to wait.If storytelling turns out to be my true passion and the best use of my skills, then I’ll continue down that path. If elder care, academia, agriculture, activism, art, education, Budo, or as-yet unforeseen pursuits turn out to make the flame burn brighter, I’ll make the switch, or do them all. I’m willing to work with anyone of any religion or political stripe, if they’re sincere about doing what it takes.Right now I need to undertake a long-delayed journey of personal discovery. Having given away all the possessions that didn’t fit into my truck, I’ve set out on the road again, heading West. I know I need to go home for a while. I need to surround myself with family and friends. I need to consult, meditate, and plan the next steps.I’m broke, and yet I know I’m rich in love. I’m unemployed and homeless, but I’ve never been more free.Everything is possible.Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...RelatedCanadacareerCBCCTVmediapoliticsroad triptelevisionNext post →Recent posts:Meet Dogwood’s new Energy & Democracy DirectorAfter Harper, Who?Kitimat Clean: B.C.’s magical mystery refineryI applied to be an Intervenor in the Kinder Morgan project review, and so can you.Two in Three British Columbians Say Northern Gateway Is InevitableFollow the blog:Enter your email address to receive notification of new posts.Join 268 other followers	Email Address:	SubscribePlease, troll me:Serious question: what would B.C.'s legislative press gallery do with a columnist who actively undermined the scien… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 1 hour agoRT @akurjata: The community of Fort Nelson is being essentially cut off as Central Mountain Air says it will be suspending flights until at… 3 hours agoGhoulish. Absolutely depraved. twitter.com/AndreaWoo/stat… 16 hours agoTrade in your old car, B.C. gives you $6,000 toward a new EV, a $3,000 purchase rebate plus $5,000 from the feds.… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 16 hours agoRT @49thParahell: 91: Meet Me in Mar-a-Lago (with @mechapoetic) Lana & Rob talk about their favorite Trump moments, whether Canada's far ri… 18 hours agoFollow @kainagataEyeball counter:447,595 page views so far1,680 comments	Pingback: Kai Nagata quits CTV – FagsteinAmber Victor said: July 9, 201115:07A journalist should not sway the viewer or try, it shouldn’t be a job where one expects to be ‘heard’.Reply ↓	Kind of Blue said: July 9, 201115:16A journalist is making an argument whether they choose to be explicit about their political opinions or not.Objectivity does not exist.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:50Is there anything name truth?So we talk about political opinions…What are the political opinions of Kai?Please give us your values when posting that?Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201110:03This isn’t about Kai’s political views. It is about how much of his own truth gets filtered out, before it gets to us. If you tried to say to me,”I think that when you wash the stink out of the washroom, the washroom smells better.” and the editor cuts out- that, when, wash, the, out, of, the, and washroom(first one). Then the message changes too, “I think you stink, the washroom smells better.”I would get sick of that too.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201120:40I agree, you are totally making a point that is bearing truth!Richard Andre Dubois said: July 14, 201110:20Quit being vague. If I sound vague it is because I can not better say what I am trying to say. Object to what you are objecting to instead of trying to draw out more B.S. I like to go to the washroom in private. If I speak in riddles it is because I grew up in a world where riddles are common place.PAM said: July 14, 201122:18So your message is:Vague, BS, say better, trying, Washroom, riddles…Please go on digging…I am really enjoying this.What is the riddle mister Joker!Seems to me: you are Vague and giving me BS because you can not say better and you are trying to go to washroom to spit out your riddles.Riddles in the washroom???Please repeat…What are you talking about.Just repeating the nouns you used…Do you undertand?PAM said: July 14, 201122:25I really like how your comment is vague:This is not about Kai’s politics….So what is this about?So you say that this is about how truth gets filtered out…I agree, truth is not BS, it is a fundamental…We agree: it is stinking in the washroom, some BS is going on…No riddle here!Kai did say there is something stinking out there.Can we agree on this?No riddle here: we are going back to the words written…Can we stick to the facts here?Kai is tired of being used like a towel and decided to get away before they burn him and throw him like a towel…We do agree on this?Let’s stop riddling and start to stick to the facts and the text that was posted…Richard Andre Dubois said: July 15, 201105:16This is my reply to all your questions, PAM. (Miss Antagonist who distracts with words.But first, I must ask. Who(not where and which branch) do you work for? I repeat. Who do you work for? What are your political views? I will be strait. Answer what you ask.I am 1st Nation without status. The government made bieng First Nation and proud of it so hard that my Great Grandparents left the reservation. I live today in a country where my ancestors welcomed foreigners, with the idea of fair and equal treatment. But instead they were poisoned for it, at first by accident but then later deliberately, with small-pox, measles and mumps. They were rewarded coldness and disrespect for the compasion they showed, and homestead they shared. And now my people are treated worse than foreigners, because we didn’t just die off or conform. So, because I pay taxes I don’t mind if some day I pay a little more: I support every hard working Canadian who needs a little help. I support the New Democratic Party, because they take more from those who have more to spend. Again no riddles. I like the NDP, and hard working Canadians who are willing to pay a little more, because they realise that they will get more.Kai would be writing about his political views if he was allowed to, but he wouldn’t do it to sway viewers(I believe), but instead to give them something to compare against. What I think Kai is writing(wrote) is that financial gain has replaced social gain. Today it is about what is better for the wallet then what is better for anything else. Wal-Mart is all about killing the competition first, giving you a better deal second. They say it, show us their ad and we will beat it.I am an advocate for the legalisation and taxing of the Marijuana trade. Instead of wasting tax money trying to stop it, the government should tax the sales of it, and use those taxes to educate people about it and more dangerous drugs. I haven’t had a toke in over two weeks. But instead of funding the government, “weed” if funding the illegal drug trade/dealers. If it is the gateway drug then take control of it, because it won’t disappear. It is the gateway drug because more than half the dealers of marijuana are also selling something else. We don’t live in a free enterprise, because it doesn’t exist. Power corrupts. Kai was sick of feeling like a puppet so he cut his strings. He said what he could without getting in trouble. Kai is going to wait until his contract is finally done which is probably a year after he quit. So, he has to keep his mouth shut for a year before he can really say what he wants to, or Bellmedia may sue or take credit for and good or bad press that Kai could stir up. The fact is that Kai can’t give you all the facts. He says it. Read it again if you can’t see it. Like one of those 3D pictures if you look at it hard enough let your eyes relax the picture will pop out. Only in this case it is the underlying message of his essay. So then, if you read his essay with an open mind(relax your eyes) the meaning will come to you…… Eventually.Some people read his essay get offended then reply saying something like, “Good riddance.” because they were directly insulted by what he had to say. He doesn’t know this many people I am sure and wasn’t trying to insult you, but because he opposes your point of view you have to poke at and berate him smiply for having a point of view. I bet if many of you had a choice you would block his essay from ever being read, because its is all lies and descent. When I reality he is talking about himself with a small bit about how other parties maybe influences in in decision making process.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201115:38I have been working in computers since 1978 (second term of college).I have been an independant consultant since september 1998 working all over the world: Japan, Germany, US, Bahamas, Canada even 6 month in Quebec.Hometown is Montreal.I am here because I tought Kai was raising very interesting points and I am tired of seeing negative comments.Seems some people do not see positive and reject in block because their mind is not opened enough.Even If I am not in politics, either near or far, I do concur with Kai’s assesment.As you probably know, he probably did some research of his own before reporting.The incisive analysis is unescapable.I see very few flaws.So seeing people asking him why he left his job when it was clearly explained and seeing people tellig him he should have done it from within when they do not live his life seems hard core bashing to me.Plenty of Ad Hominem attack makes me want to reply…Basically to answer a second time: I am just a computer geek…And after more than three decades working in tens of organizations (consultant) showed me the veracity of the words Kai wrote.Just impressed he sees this at such a young age…People see vanity, I see humility of a guy who is going after hapinees and shares candidly his toughs.So excuse me, RAD for intervening, but I can’t resist… BTW, PAM are my initials… I am guy…Do not assume, it makes an *** of U and me.Take care and I do appreciate your comments despite some abrasiveness, more details will allow to understand better.PAM said: July 15, 201120:24Interesting… The toughest bugs are the one that are not there…I keep searching for the bug… And I don’t see it…Until I realized: there is no problem only in my mind.Good for the humility…. Ha! Ha! Ha!I guess I was in that loop…PAM said: July 16, 201123:28Now that we have been introduced…I have the outmosit respect for you.We are taking the same language…It is a shame what Canada did to first nations…But let the bigone be gone.We need some of your wisdom…French canadians were marrying natives whereas anglo canadians where throwing towels at them (if you see what I wrote).I must admit that you are the bug that never existed.Your values are totally in line with mine…I was looking of ennemies and I found a friend.I would be honered to meet you one day.We agree on so many things!So PAM to Rad… let’s share our defense of Kai’s values against thosee who are trying to spin this thread…Just look at my posts carefully and see the message…The second wave has come in and they are much more subtle…But their objective is the same: discredit Kai!So please help me: two working together is much stronger than just one…We are stewart of this planet!Who else can do the job?Kg aka BabyGurl ; Lovelessga ; and baby doll ; aka Bonnie and Clyde said: January 13, 201223:00I could not have said it better myself and it is “me” whom is replying on thisI haven’t been into politics much. So I can not speak in depth and as knowledgable as my collegue. However u explained how I felt to its entirety.Thank you.KEd said: July 18, 201110:55“Objectivity does not exist.”Then why do we have judges?Or hockey referees?Or . . .Reply ↓	Spc said: July 22, 201108:31Because the appearance of objectivity subdues the masses.Reply ↓	Chris Conway said: July 9, 201119:44LOLOL !!! OMG – what a damning indictment of a once proud profession. I honestly can’t tell if you are engaging in sarcasm or really believe it. I fear greatly though, that it is the former…and that you are not alone.Reply ↓	Pat J said: July 10, 201111:31“So much for Objective Journalism. Don’t bother to look for it here–not under any byline of mine; or anyone else I can think of. With the possible exception of things like box scores, race results, and stock market tabulations, there is no such thing as Objective Journalism. The phrase itself is a pompous contradiction in terms.” -Hunter S. Thompson, 1972Reply ↓	PAM said: July 14, 201122:28Assume it is the later.When someone does a post like this, he means it!Are you really thinking he does not believe in what he wrote?Are you saying he is not for real?Then why are you even posting here…Asking the question is giving the answer…Reply ↓	Alec Forbes said: July 11, 201106:52You’re daft. Journalism has never been objective. At it’s most neutral it is relatively balanced — but if it’s worth anything at all it needs to be rigorous in taking a critical view, asking hard questions. Real journalism is at least rational and able to cut through rhetoric. What’s being said here is that it now simply reproduces rhetoric. A journalist should expect to he heard, most particularly becuase they are the ones in our society tasked with watching the horizon for the stormclods. Nagat’s talling us that lightining srated striking a long time ago, and roof just came off the barn.Reply ↓	Anne-Marie said: July 12, 201106:52“All the news you need to know” sound familiar? Notice it doesn’t say all the news so who decides what we need to know because right there you have bias.Reply ↓	Kimberley said: July 13, 201107:17ABSOLUTELY Bang on!Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201107:36If you see someone trying to eat hogweed or water hemlock, then they need to know that it is poisonous. That is news that they need to know. What he is saying is that he cannot sit back and watch the world poison itself, and have his editor cut out his cries of,”DON’T EAT THAT!” He can’t walk by someone getting the life beat out of them, and not at least call 911.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 14, 201122:43Obviously, you are one of the hired gun to manage this disaster that hit CBC…Using 911 seems pretty cool but what is your point.Going back to your message:Hogweed, Hemlock, Poison, Need to know, Sit back, eat…Assuming you are a wizard in communication, I see you saying:this is like eat hogweed, Hemlock, poison,know to eat… So to you this guy is 911…Let me use your great skills mister communicator.CBC is a poison to your society.Political spin is the rule and we must feed Hogweed and Hemlock so the poison is dissiminated.CBC is the poison.CBC is the Hemlock and the hogweed.CBC is worst than 911 because it tells us lies.Let’s enjoy this political spin, mister Dubois…You may look like the real deal, but you are a disaster for CBC.The more you are spinning this, the more we can show your motives.I do undestand your skills and know that in messages the negative does not goes in the subsconscious.This is basic Erickson approach…So let deal with this:I could not see CBC not throwing Hemlock at Kayi becasued they hate themselves;I understand that CBC is not accepting that they can not deal with Kai so they need to hire people to try to destroy him at all costs.I do believe you are not the hired gun that can not believe what he is doing…PAM said: July 14, 201122:47Disaster for CBC: hire public relation firm to handle this.CBC feels in jeopardy and did spend a lot of money to manage this.CBC is Harper.Harper controls CBC.CBC has no values.CBC has lost their sense.BTW my father worked at CBC from 1950-1982 in the news dept.His initals are YBM…When the 1970 october crisis happened, he was in charge in Montreal.His ethics are way beyong and he is now spitting on CBC…In his tomb, he is telling CBC: you are dirt!Wade B. said: July 11, 201110:17I think Nagata’s point is that news organizations and their journalists are constrained from being objective by the commerical and political interests of their owners, who instill their biased world views into the news to benefit themselves.Reply ↓	Erin said: July 11, 201111:16No, a journalist should not try to sway public opinion. However, the job of a journalist is to disseminate news of import in order to empower the public to make informed choices in their lives. If the editorial staff refuses to allow their reports to engage in any meaningful news distribution, then the media themselves are failing at their job. The news is not something that is meant to entertain, it’s meant to inform. I think Mr. Nagata has hit the mark. I hope he finds something meaningful in his life that will truly help the public understand what issues we face so that informed choices can be made, instead of blind following of the loudest man at the pulpit.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 14, 201122:48I read: news media are failling to do their job…Reply ↓	Ken Burch said: July 11, 201119:58Any time a journalist reports the news, if she or he reports it accurately, the effect of that report will be to sway the viewers. This is simply due to the fact that reality and truth are not neutral and will always, when reported, make some parties, some ideas and some individuals look worse than others. There is no way to report the news with the intent of not swaying people and still report what is actually happening.Any reportage on the 1960’s Civil Rights movement in theU.S. South or the anti-apartheid movement in South Africaautomatically going to result in the viewer being likely to take a negative view of those fighting to defend the status quo, because the reality of the status quo was objectively unjust. Any accurate reportage on the Vietnam War or the Iraq War was likely to lead people to take a negative view of the American side and its allies in those conflicts, because thereality of the situation was that those forces in those conflicts were more often than not acting in bad faith.What the CTV and Sun News are trying to do is simply prevent their viewers from receiving any information that makes the political ideology they are allied with look bad. The same could not be said of the CBC, because when Canada had Liberal federal governments and various provinces elected NDP governments, the CBC always provided just as much negative coverage to those governments and parties as it did positive coverage-and this was to be expected, because any government, anywhere, will likely cause just as much negative reality as positive reality. There was never a time in which, had it not been for the CBC, Canada would have gone Tory for the rest of eternity.Reply ↓	Mr. Anonymous® said: July 11, 201120:31Sounds like you just picked up a journal”ism” textbook and rapidly turn to “the right” paragraph… CHANGE is a-coming to journalism. (It’s called the internet.) FUCK the status quo. Aren’t you listening? (reading) to what Kai is putting forth?Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:48OkI am going to start using your style.In your world: one sentence resume the word”I have the truth…If communications is never without values…What are your values?What do you stand for?Reply ↓	Nat said: July 13, 201105:49Okay – truth be told I couldn’t actually stomach this masturbation long enough to read all of it. Once I got the “The Problem with the CBC” I moved on to actual problems. Ya know how my job doesn’t pay my bills and want not. The blitherings of a well paid 24 year old tearing off his shackles is not on my list of crap I care about. However I thought it might do him some good to hear this….GROW UP! Join the real world who don’t give a damn about principles in their job when weighed against paying their mortgage. Ya you show up….idealy you take pride in your work and do your best….but when you get fed up you don’t have the luxury of quiting.Oh and by the way, some of actually have a brain and don’t take what you splatter on the TV and call news as gospel. We are capable of understanding big business and special interests. ENJOY your fifteen minutes. I’m sure we’ll see you on The CBC soon enough collecting your pay checkReply ↓	Dan Perillo said: July 13, 201106:33Was posted above but you should read this:Click to access TheAuthoritarians.pdfAlso it has been said many times that if you choose to have kids and a mortgage that is something that you have to deal with.Some people have higher callings and Kai might be one of them. Read the whole thing and stop thinking so narrow minded. Open your mind and think for yourself for once and not as a societal whole of “what is most important”.Reply ↓	Hans said: July 14, 201115:08Dan, I couldn’t agree with you more. So many people across the western world have forgotten or don’t care about the truth, much less about making a difference and building a better society.They are quite happy to regurgitate the spoon-fed fallacies and outright lies found on controlled mainstream media. This is why you see slave mentalities like: “Join the real world who don’t give a damn about principles in their job when weighed against paying their mortgage”.Well sorry, but principles and values need to come first, especially for journalists, who we, the public rely on to hold our politician’s feet to the fire and ask the hard questions.What we need in this world is more people like Mr. Nagata who are willing to make sacrifices and stand by their principles. What a fresh breath of air that so many intelligent people across the globe are finally waking up.Reply ↓	Nat said: July 15, 201105:38Well Dan – yes I did choose the life I lead….my point is a “higer calling” as you put it (HA! BTW how pretentious) is something you can’t walk away from. What what’s – his – face did was choose a job. Have a little boy, find a person that you can love the rest of your life and then do whatever it takes to make it last and never give up. You can’t quit that and blither on a blog about it to feel better when you throw in the towel and give up. You can’t give up. A “higher calling” is not something that you choose….it chooses you and if you quit it before the age of twenty five I think we’ll give it a differernt name. He quit a job – I think maybe his three thousands words would be better sutied to monster.ca not as news.Reply ↓	Nat said: July 15, 201106:54And BTW to those of you who keep telling me to “man up”? I’m a chick okay? Its a short form.I think my point was vastly misunderstood. Its just that we all get disenfranchised with our jobs. But did he really think that he was going into the news business and that the truth would always win out. Again I say grow up. He wasn’t going to get infront of camera and change the world before the age of 30. He quit his job. If I quit mine for principles or otherwise it wouldn’t matter to anyone else other than the bank that is of course. If he wanted to stand up for his principles why didn’t he use this medium to tell one of the stories he wasn’t aloud to tell instead of goin on about how disappointed he was to find out what the rest of us already knew. The media has view points and coverage is largely awarded to those who agree or pay money. SPECIAL INTERESTS CONTROL THE MEDIA – RIP OUT THE FRONT PAGE. I knew that and you wanna tell me he didn’t?Now that being said I voiced a view point and was attacked for it. I think like a sheep? Please I basically agreed with the guy I just challenged the idea that he should have known what he signed up for in the first place. We all know what goes on why doesn’t he? He’s not a folk hero. He is a guy who didn’t like his job and quit.Just for the record I believe that working for every nickle I have for a family I love and a life that I believe is worth the rat race is just as important as trying to save the world on a larger level. I’m sorry guys I just don’t think this blog is what he is accomplishing.Jo Luici said: July 18, 201114:52So you have to look at reality and compare to what you can think up. We get it. You should get that checked.ErinvH said: July 13, 201106:56Nagata has a level of privilege that you and I gave up long ago: he’s unencumbered by family or mortgage or other things that tie him down. But we chose to give up that privilege and take on more responsibilities of that type. Why is his world any less real than the world of mortgages and loan payments?You’re basically calling him an irresponsible kid. It’s unfair on several levels, not least of which is the level where very few 24-year-olds have taken on anything like the level of responsibility he has held. But really, all it does is make you look like a bitter old man.Reply ↓	Dan Perillo said: July 13, 201107:00Well said.There seems to be a lot of bitter old men and women in this comment section. People who feel like their values are more important than anyone else. Why should you choose what is important to another human? That is my main question for those who are bitter with Kai’s choices.Reply ↓	Kimberley said: July 13, 201107:22Hey Nat…man up…if your job doesn’t pay your bills that is surely not the fault of Kai. Your aggression is misguided if your publicly blaming others for your own short comings?Reply ↓	Jean-Pierre said: July 13, 201107:30I really think that that’S a dumb comment. One of my uncle once said to me that i would grow up and forget about all my principles. That i wouldn’t care anymore for others and that my own little world would be all that matters. Well he was right! For you not for me, it’s been ten years and i still care.He made a Bold move, and i’m proud of him! Keep your sour grapes to yourself, people with hope don’t need to hear that.Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201108:06How does it feel knowing that someone else makes your decisions? You might as well come to grips with it Nat. You are a slave to Capitalism, a porch-monkey to the almighty greenback. I would soon starve then take food from a baby. From what I read I can deduce that you would have no problems doing that, and then telling that child to,”Suck it up. I’m hungry too.” How does it feel to have that rich hand up your backside telling you where to look and what to say, like some empty puppet. Pay your bills go ahead, but don’t forget the lube, it won’t feel so bad that way.Reply ↓	Jes said: July 13, 201118:56Seriously.Clearly Mr. Nagata is somewhat privileged to be able to quit his job, ditch his possessions, and hole up with family. But at least he’s using his privilege to try to take on the institutions that seem to be dictating the way that guys like Nat think.I work a shitty minimum-wage job, and I’m glad there are people out there who are trying to get us to take a closer look at the infrastructure that leads to so many of us squandering ourselves for a few bucks. If we all just put our heads down, adhering on some silent agreement to plug away at bad jobs (not to the benefit of ourselves or society, but corporate interests), then things are just going to get worse, and we’ll all die in debt to the company store.Of course, we all have to pay rent, and I’m not saying everyone should quit their jobs. I can’t quit mine, even though it’s degrading and low-paying and ultimately feeds yet another terrible corporation intent on destroying the earth. I leave angry every day. But I do believe we should support those who do have the resources to try to pick at those aspects of the system that corral us all into such a deadened existence in the first place.Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 14, 201111:22You don’t need to be privileged in order to realise that you are walking in the wrong direction then decide to turn around. If that is the case we are all privileged to be breathing. But we are not all that privileged because the air we breath now has passed partially through a car and/or factories/refineries before it gets to us. Gotta love the smell of carbon monoxide. But I detract. You are privileged enough to quit and like so many others today, you too can stay at an emergency shelter(which Ford is trying to stop funding), for now.It is funny to think that the very ideas and attitudes that allowed for “colonisation” is trying to be tossed not only out the window, but into the incinerator, which is then decommissioned and dismantled so that some-one who already has money can make and keep more money from the masses.In the late 1940’s to early 1950’s a lot of Canadian and U.S. Families made quite a leap from lower class to upper middle class, because the wives of our countrymen-Grandfathers still worked after their husbands got home. That didn’t settle well with those who were super rich because now they had to pay twice as much to house holds, so in the years/decades that followed inflation then determined that in order to live comfortably now both parents had to work. Or as you can see one solitary bread winner has/had to sacrifice values for dollars in order to pay the bills. Do the Wall toons need all that money? How about super geek for microflacid. I hope he ends up with a micro-soft not-so-hardware. Or how about the hundreds of millions or multiple billions that Hollywood-less owes to the Edisons for using his patented motion pictures, which they are now crying about, because sharers of the internet are taking their stolen/ owed money.(In the words of Nelson from some cartoon,”HA! HA.”) California at the time didn’t recognise the patent, so out popped Hollywood, then fake tits shortly after(Intended to cause other things to pop, and hopefully wallets out of adjacent pockets).Now the ones with money are making us dance for coffers(Dragons Den or Shark Tank). I admit I too have thought of putting some of my ideas on paper then dancing for them, so I have until recently to been blind to the musings penny pinchers because money means more now than family, history and home.Jes said: July 14, 201115:17I think it’s important to realize that there are different levels of privilege, and that it’s easier for some to follow their dreams than others. I support anyone in deciding to quit their shitty jobs, and trying to make their voices heard.But come on, it’s a lot differentto decide to become homeless and live in a shelter in order to stop compromising your ideals than to take your thousands in savings and go stay with family. There’s nothing wrong with doing that, but it’s naive to say the former person isn’t privileged over the latter.Yes, anyone can “decide to turn around”, but that’s a vague, symbolic statement. Do you mean “anyone can quit their job and do just fine, like Kai did”? Because I have to say I disagree.Richard Andre Dubois said: July 14, 201116:03How much is your pride worth? Are you telling me that no matter what you would work that degrading job? Don’t over pride your self be humble. I never once thought that I would end up living in a homeless shelter, but being ingnorant and proud can lead you to places you never thought that you would go, or need to be. The truth is everyone not upper class is a lot closer to homeless then they are to upper class. I know that I will find myself and where it is, that I am to go, and I am going to pay into the very system that takes care of me right now. The way I figure I am still living on what I payed into it so far.So in short. Yes! Anyone can turn around and do fine, like or unlike Kai. You just have to open your mind, to possibilities that you were too proud to consider. What would happen if you found yourself homeless, but because you didn’t support social programs there was no one there to help you, or the ones who will are few and far between, and everyone else wastes your time by looking down at you berating you and taking your drive away? Would you just fall on your sword? What would you do? I wanna know. If you wanna know about me some I just started a blog check it out. i really don’t care if you dont like it, if you do, then that is a different story.Fab said: July 14, 201113:13I really like your point of view Jes 🙂PAM said: July 13, 201120:50So you must be working as a spinner…How does 24 years old (or 64 years old) has any bearing ont the debate.Your message is: you are 24 years old so you should shut up…Please repeat again so we hear you clearly!Anyone under 25 years old is worthless.I really like your perpective…I will leave to others to bash you!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 14, 201122:50I like your upper case comment:Grow up.But in the sentence before you admit not reading.So who needs to grow up?Reply ↓	champagnecomunist said: July 13, 201110:03I am struck at the thoughtfulness and deep reflection of this young man. I can, I think, relate to his plight more than most. You see, I also used to be a broadcast journalist at a very young age (starting at 18, to be precise) – in then communist Poland. Young and idealistic, I landed my great opportunity at the age of 20 – becoming one of the co-anchors of a fast-paced, “western-style” news broadcast called Tele – Express. As a first such endeavour behind the Iron Curtain, we were given a considerable leeway by the communist government. They hoped that using our broadcast as a safety valve they will diffuse the unrest. So we were allowed to broadcast live and had full editorial control, frequently criticizing the government. The result was essentially an overnight stardom. We were watched every day by 18,000,000 people – almost half of Poland’s population. People recognized me on the street. High school chums wanted to be friends again. Most importantly, I was making a difference. I was pushing the envelope. Then, only a year and a half later, as quickly as it started, so it ended. The government in 1988 decided there was too much press freedom. The censorship was re-introduced in the last gasps of the regime. Our show was recorded, not broadcast live. Our editorials were censored and/or written for us by “somebody upstairs”. So I did the only thing that made sense, the same thing Kai did. I quit my job. I left the country (merely a year before the fall of the Iron Curtain) and headed for Canada, where I imagined the press free and untethered and people demanding and getting truthful, provocative reporting they deserved. What I found was exactly what Kai described; a medium calcified by self-censorship, political expediency and market pressures. Journalists more interested in landing a senate appointment than asking tough questions (Mike and Pamela, stand up, take a bow!), lazy editors, reporters who could not spell integrity, let alone implement it. And, with all the alleged openness to newcomers, nobody wanted journalists with – gasp! – an accent. So I toiled in Canadian broadcasting for another 9 years, before making the best decision of my life – quitting journalism altogether and becoming involved in the non-profit world. Took me much longer to come to this point, but my conclusions were the same: life’s too short to shovel manure. Now, each day I help change lives for the better through my efforts – a work that I am proud of and that brings me satisfaction. And the one-time broadcast career, all 16 years of it, feels like remote dream. Or a nightmare.Congratulations, Kai. I hope you’ll find your vocation.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201120:52ARE YOU REALLY CALLING ME PAMELA?Or are you talking to someone else.PAM are my initials. you really want to call me Pamela…Like Pamela…Please do make my day and I will start to read your text…Reply ↓	Steve said: July 13, 201112:57You obviously don’t understand what he is saying.Reply ↓	Skookum1 said: July 13, 201113:13Well, huh, do you think people only learn to write so they can be the mouthpiece for a publisher whoDOES want THEIR opinions to be heard….actually “opinions” isn’t quite the right word – it’s “skewed reality” adn “pleasing the adevertisers”…….“Though shalt not speak. Though shalt not think. Though shalt not tell the truth. Thou shalt only write what I tell you. Or else thou shalt be fired.”I’m not sure if you’re a propagandist, mlsled, or just stupid.Reply ↓	Jo said: July 13, 201115:48Sometimes, what you want to do is change the system from the inside out. When you realize that the battle requires more energy than you can give, it’s time to let go!Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 17, 201111:06A piece of yourself must be apart of the work you do. Objectivity can only exist on the back of apathy. So you can’t have good journalism without a sense of the situation. A journalist should make their views clear, and the facts strait so that viewers can make a truly informed decision. Doing this properly serves not to sway but to educate.Reply ↓	nick said: July 10, 201121:17so uhhh, you quit because of harper and the conservative media? well in that case, i won’t miss you.Reply ↓	sump said: July 11, 201109:28It’s un-educated people like you that fall for Conservative propaganda. If you had any knowledge on how Conservative Policies work you would see that they benefit only the absolute elite of the world. The 5-10% of the worlds population that controls 90% of the worlds wealth. Conservative Fiscal policies are meant to destroy the middle class by briding a very large gap between the bottom feeders and the elite at the top. I suggest attending a university or college level Economics course before you blast someone who has shown a great level of common sense.Reply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 11, 201117:33It’s elitist “left-wingers” like yourself (I can make generalized assumptions about your character as well) that fall for CRAZY conspiracy theories. The leader of the conservative party is barely upper middle class let alone “the absolute elite”. Maybe you should go to a university or college level engineering course to devise a plan to remove your head from your ass.It’s pretty important to not apply the same left / right wing theories that exist south of the border … to our boring Canadian politics.Reply ↓	Anne-Marie said: July 12, 201107:05Have to disagree with you Doc – not a conspiracy theory when the leader of the conservative party has stated that he doesn’t want a middle ground for people to choose from – which would be why he wishes to destroy the liberal party. It forces people to choose left or right. I think he will be shocked though because in the end I believe that most Canadians will lean more left if that is their only choice.p.s. clearly you’re not a Maritimer because around here I would say 6 figure plus income puts you pretty squarely in the upper end of society. For that matter in most cases living in Canada puts you pretty much in the elite category if you go by the rest of world.p.s.s. For the record not a liberalReply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 12, 201116:37You are welcome to disagree all you want. I’m from Calgary … and I’ve ran into the PM at both Boston Pizza (with a security detail of two) and at the McDonald’s in the same neighbourhood (when he was just the leader of the opposition). Hardly the haunts of an elitist. I can assure you that while the neighbourhood is by no means a slum it is FAR from the HIGH end here in Calgary.Harper started his career as a mail clerk. Quit equating him with the elite. It’s ridiculous and everyone trying to make that assertion sounds ridiculous.Sorry, just doing some Google searches about this “destroying the middle ground” thing … can’t find it. Do you have a link to the quote?Nat said: July 13, 201105:21“I’m from Calgary & I’ve ran into the PM at Boston Pizza and McDonald’s” is not a point. The fact that the PM enjoys Big Macs really has nothing to do with whether his politics benefit the majority or the minority. Someone’s taste in food doesn’t indicate that they are a good leader, and cannot “prove” that they aren’t crusading for things which are harmful for future generations. I’m impressed you can use Google but manage not to find something that comes up on any search with “Harper- middle class erosion” — While you work on your search-engine skills, I sincerely hope you enjoy your “common-man haunts”, your middle-class neighbourhood, and the bliss of your ignorance.Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201117:38Lol … clearly reading is not your strong suit. The eating establishments were not supposed to get you to like him or indicate if he is OR is not a good person (to be honest, I don’t care), it is to indicate where he lives and eats. The accusation was leveled that Harper is a member of the ultra elite. That is undeniably WRONG. On many levels.As for MY ability to use google or my enjoyment of “common-man haunts” … is that YOUR point? ‘Cause that isn’t one either.Gilbert said: July 13, 201109:06http://www.commondreams.org/headline/2011/05/03-2Here’s your link that you never found.Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201117:42Don’t see a single quote in that article from Harper talking about destroying the middle class or the middle ground.If there is truly a quote (as Anne Marie would have me believe) of Harper indicating anything at all resembling the following statement;“when the leader of the conservative party has stated that he doesn’t want a middle ground for people to choose from – which would be why he wishes to destroy the liberal party”I’ll buy what you are selling, ’till then …Rod said: July 14, 201113:41Hitler didn’t start out as the Fuhrer!PAM said: July 12, 201118:32Not sure how to qualify Harper.As you wrote he started his carreer as a mail clerk…Elitist stands for someone who only deals with elite.Has no bearing on the places he eats.I would think that every move of Harper is carefully planned.We saw the image builder behind him and they did a pretty good job.Nodoby was able to talk to Harper in public.The famous: Tu nous a menti Charlie Brown did the job.From then on, any new politician made sure they were not in public.I have the outmost respect for the image builder in Harper’s team…Because waht you see is not what you get.Would elitist apply to a man who worked in a think thank in Alberta.May be yes, may be not.What bugs me more with Harper: what is you see is not what you get…He was perceived as cold because he is indeed cold.Remember when he came in the reform party…Look at his image now: carefully shapen, a real decoy, almost cool and a composure that shows he is in control.Harper is the quitescence iof the image altough I must admit he has more content than Bush.Now the image is not the real thing.So let’s see where he will bring Canada…Trudeau was the idol of the liberal party…The real man, the Canada in liberty and face the future.Results:– on the constitution side, it is a failure (Quebec still not in and PET made sure Mulroney would fail because he was a envious man);– On the economy, it took Mulroney to trun the boat around (altough Martin reaped the benefit).After more than a decade, Trudeau left us with a country more divided and an economy in shambles…So let’s be clear: I hate Harper with all my guts and he smells putrid to me.Still I will see what he does for Canada.One thing for sure, Oil industry is paying him so on the green side, his decisions are affecting the rest of Canada (besides Alberta) and putting the whole country economy in trouble.But who knows, may be there is a logic to his behaviour that I don’t see.I was hating Mulroney and he turned out to be one of the best.I was almost in admiration with Trudeau and he turned to be the worst politician we had in the last century.History will tell us what Harper did: for now, it really looks bad… Hoping there is a logic behind this madness!Reply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201117:55“He was perceived as cold because he is indeed cold.”I see that he is not necessarily a charismatic speaker and might be a bit on the stoic side … but I’ve also seen him with his kids (this was part of the McD’s story alluded to earlier) and he was a very involved and attentive father. For the record there was no image consultant around.“One thing for sure, Oil industry is paying him so on the green side, his decisions are affecting the rest of Canada (besides Alberta) and putting the whole country economy in trouble.”Regardless of his policies … where do you get this stuff from?!? Not only do you have him taking bribes … (I can only assume that’s what you mean because I can assure you that any campaign funds donated to the Blue’s were going to the Red’s) but that the policies both hurt the environment AND the economy. Are you accusing the Conservative government of intentionally ruining the country environmentally and fiscally for some kick backs?PAM said: July 13, 201120:57I do understand your point but please go back to the original post and post your text as a reply.Regarding McDo… You are really spinned… Do you really think Harper goes to McDonald every day?And if he really does… What does it tell us.As for the bribe part. I need to get more info from my sources but please enjoy… I will ahve a fun time to go deeper in this process…For now, we are on the right hand and our words are so compressed that we can not have a full discussion.So please do bring back the challenge so we can have 10 words per line…PAM said: July 15, 201121:05Seems you are a bit naive…Who does finance the political parties.Liberal, Conservative… All the same approach.Did we learn something about companies bypassing the rules in Québec?I guess you will pretend that we are the only ones…No mister, they got caugh here.Seems it has been proven over and over that Liberals did indeed find some way to circumvent the law…Martin was shut down because of Chretien and Pelletier acts…More recently, those companies asking their employees to do a donation and paying them back…If you think that the Harper team is better… Ask the one who was in charge of Atomic energy of Canada, ask any diplomats (probably smoothly replacing all of them), ask about the Aftghan prisoners.There are so many scandals that plague the Harper government…Why was there an election… Is it that the Harper government broke the law and was getting a confidence vote…You really believe in this guy.What was the name of the think thank that proposed to split the Quebec and the West island (a Berlin wall maybe?) if Quebec was to become independant… Harper was still an influent member..Anyway, Harper represents less than 40% of the population who voted.He was so defeated in Québec that he lost to the NDP…As for corruption, let me rephrase…The Canadian government is in jeopardy because of mister Harper. He did make sure to make the machine fail…Just ask high ranking officials… Everyone under a minister if they think their troups have moral…Well, if you want to kill your cat, you just say he has cancer.Stephen Harper injected cancer to all civil servants of the Canadian Government…For corruption, we can wait a little bit more: after all this is their first majority…But it might never be that it reaches Harper…Chretien and Pelletier got out of it without a scratch…But we all know. Gomery gave us enough infiormation…Either Chretien was the pure guy he showed us… Or the organization moves were unknown to him (despite orders coming from the prime minister office).To me Chretien was a political beast for whom the ends justfiy the means.In a political world, the chief is always protected…We will know more about Harper in a few years… But it really smells bad.Hey… Maybe his acts on the GW side will endup causing the split of Canada.Alberta wants to go and if 2015 is choosen as a base year for a cap and trade, Quebec would loose tens if not hundreds of Billions.As for policies that hurts the environment, we can easily agree ont this.Now the picture is the following… With increase pollution, Canada will be hit with a carbon tax by some countries.Meanwhile we are not moving ahead while other countries are forcefully walking toward the new energy…I must admit, I don’t really care, being from Québec, I think we are in the right direction despite Harper (we did not vote for him!) and we are already almost reaching Kyoto protocol levels…Why the Canadian dollar is at 1.05 instead of .85-.90 cents?Part is caused by the decline of the USD…But also because demand for Canadian dollars is higher to fund Oil economy in Alberta (also Potash).This makes all companies in Quebec, BC, Eastern provinces, Ontario less competitive.We pay less for machinery but we are selling for 10-15% more.This is causing a lost of hundreds of thousands of jobs (if not millions).I have already explained that…Look at 2010 CAD vs Euro: http://www.x-rates.com/d/EUR/CAD/hist2010.htmlWe loose job in the manufacturing sector and the new jobs in Oil can not compensate.Especially once the plants will be built and the pipelines in place.Everybody but Alberta, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland…All other provinces would be much better to use the USD as a currency. At least we could compete on equal term with our biggest trade partner…Meanwhile, the citizen of those three provinces would see their CAD go up and could turn in to Saudis…Miskitta said: July 12, 201122:11Oh wow! Are you ever dim! You sound like a tube-fed fundamentalist propaganda drone.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201121:00Dim like your comment: few words with no meaning.You are doing Ad Hominem attacks…Of course, you will need to refer to Wikipedia to understand.Please read in Wikipedia the meaning of Propaganda and drone.You are indeed a real propaganda drone.You are a tourist to me.Go back and learn the trade!Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201108:29It’s is not propaganda or consperacy theory, so much as it is statistics. Not everyone wins the lottery and if you look at the 5/6,5+/6, and 6/6 numbers you can figure that 90% of the pot goes to the top 1%(or smaller fraction yet). BAM. Where does the money go that you pay to mortgage. Interest, ok. That money goes to the share holders as profit for the bank, and the bigger share holders get more of the profit. They are people who already have money, and now they don’t have to work hard because their money is working hard for them. They could have worked hard for their money that now works for them, and all the power to you, but even if one in ten of those share holders has money inherited then they didn’t work for it, and now they are getting money with out even trying. The right wing way of thinking is not as they say it is. And if you are to obtuse to see that then I have no sympathy for you. Go ahead say it. I know you want to. “Let them eat cake.” See where that takes you.Reply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201118:03I totally agree with your numbers.I totally object to my being obtuse. And I will go and eat cake … and so will a bunch of the welfare state because we’ve adopted a social and economic system by which cake is less expensive than the bread that French didn’t have from where your quote is taken.The conspiracy theory is that Harper is “working with them”. No more than any other party.Just for giggles though … you should imagine a world in which instead of lending you money (which you can take the rest of your life) to pay back and be building upon your own equity … you have to purchase the property out right. Imagine how your distribution of wealth pie charts would look then.Richard Andre Dubois said: July 14, 201106:12It’s no conspiracy theory, because it is not hidden. harper is just to stupid to see the damage that he is doing. He thinks that he is stimulating the economy by appealing to big conglomerates whom he thinks will employ thousands, all the while not realising that if you hire thousands then lay of half or more you are really only hiring hundreds. He is to abtuseto see this. Lets lower taxes for those who make too much, that way when they have too much money they will want to share it with us. Truth be told the only money they give away is money that gets them more taxes back. They can never have too much money, because they don’t like sharing. No conspiring. Just plain stupidity. Raise taxes on companies which make mega millions so that the smaller guy can catch a break. I don’t care if the government raises my taxes a little bit because I am gonna complain about them either way, and do you know what so are you.Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201122:41@Pam. I certainly hope he doesn’t go to McD’s everyday lol. My point is not that he goes to McD’s everyday. It’s that in a semi-private situation he was hardly “cold”. My personal experience was simply used to rebuke your comment that “He was perceived as cold because he is indeed cold.” I’m around people all day that are not great public speakers and act completely different behind a podium than they do face to face. This doesn’t surprise me.I’m not spinning anything by the way. While the general idea of the Conservative fiscal policies I agree with, I am in opposition to many if not all of their social policies. My vote goes to the politician in my riding that can represent my perspective best in Ottawa. Don’t really care what party they’re from.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201121:43It is not because someone smiles to you and shakes your hand and even sign an authograph that he is a enthousiast person (or warm).If is not because a person does not look at you that he is cold.To me, body language and facial expressions of Harper shows a person that has a lot of vanity.You had a five minute encounter with Harper in a McDonald.I have spent hours looking at him, reviewing the debates is slow motion at some point.Sometimes, you need to look very carefully to see what is really happening.To me as a hockey fan: the goal by Weber assisted by Cammy and Hamrlik was a goal plan by Gomez…Gomez never got a point but he was the reason why this happened.This is just to explain that it is possible that my judgment based on hours of looking at Harper carefully and years at looking at his decisions.This guy has an agenda and does not care that he destroys the whole civil servants morale (all the way to the diplomats).Everything in this guy is about showing an image…It has always felt phony to me…But hey, you might be older than me and have met more people than me.You might have more communications skills than I have.As you don’t know me and I don’t know you… Let me just say you this: 23 years ago, at about 30, I have learned that people talking is often lips service. First impression is much more revealing… Unless you are not calm inside…Turns out that my first impression, when I was calm, was always right.Camera is enough revealing to me but may be because you heard his voice and shook his hand for a minute you know better…BTW, I am a real right wing guy… Except for social policies…Seems Québec is having a better score on handling their young delinquant than the model Harper is proposing…I am for competition, no holds barred, no lobying, no political party contribution allowed…Now, you might think that political contribution are the only mean and that someone who gives a million to a party does it because he is a true believer…To be frank, I really don’t know.But all my guts is telling me this guy is about vanity and phony…Frankly, I will trust my guts before you who met the monster in a McDonald…I will trust his actions before his lip service to make up my mind about him…I guess I have more memory because of all the things he does that horripilates me.BTW, he is not a monster… He is just a true leader who owns the truth….Problem: people who owns the truth have done pretty well in the past: Pol Pot, Hilter, Gengis Khan, Mao, Ben Laden, Bush.All great leaders who really knew, who were not flip-flop…Perfect man with true leadership.Not saying Harper is that bad… Just that he owns the truth (him and his office).Makes the sheeps feel secure… But not me!Seeing this guy in power forces me to accept the results that will plague Canada…mmj said: July 11, 201110:07I didn’t get that from his article at all. He covered a lot of ground, but I don’t think he ever once said he was quitting because of Harper. His article was a lot more complex than that. Talk about “right-wing narrative of victimization”!!!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201121:51You are right.He did a very good analysis.After all, he talks about example that he lived.His move is based on many aspects…It is not a one time decision.It is a decision based on many past experience.He is just saying:Hey guys, I am leaving because I do not find a place where values are upheld to his ethics.I leave because I have values…Then he just calmly explains why.In his explaination, he never talks about people but values.No name is mentioned.Quite a diplomatic text.Now, we as nobody, can infer more from his text.For example, I do blame part of this process to both Chretien and Haper.Both are two sides of the same coin: Great political beast with an agenda where the ends justify the means…But he never talked about Harper…Reply ↓	Jeff Vouladakis said: July 11, 201112:35Exactly, good riddance..The only type of reporting this “journalist” considers objective would be that which pushes his agenda.Reply ↓	xorbtiman said: July 11, 201113:14Sorry Jeff but you missed the point completely. He’s saying that most TV broadcast journalism in Canada today is mostly “head in the sand” type ignoring a lot of the real social issues that are not relevant to the big corporations money making agendas. They concentrate on a lot of sensationalistic reporting. When was the last time you had a follow-up story about someone that was injured in an accident to find out how they survived….or if they survived? It doesn’t sell so it’s of no consequence.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:53So you want to get rid of others when they disagee?Given your comment, what is your agenda?What is Kay’s agenda?If you send a one sentence spinning, you should be able to present you case…Go ahead?I do undertand.. Good riddance…Of course you won’t be able to present your case.Reply ↓	who said: July 12, 201100:03This bitch is high.Reply ↓	Jean-Pierre said: July 13, 201107:39And you’re low!PAM said: July 13, 201121:01Wow! so much intelligence!xorbtiman said: July 11, 201113:08@ Nick…no he never said anything of the sort….you need to read between the lines.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:54So what is between the lines?Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201108:42Let me spell it out for you. (You know the alphabet right?)He was sick of being told what to write. He values his own opinion over money.How much money would you need to take it up the rear?He quit so that he can find himself and his own opinion again, because it was getting lost in the buffalo chips. If you want to know what he really thinks. Wait. Let him figure it out, and then he will tell you. Patience is a virtue, I hear, read, say and believe. Money is between the lines,(Heck it is between every word) and he just finished saying he doesn’t want money that comes from hiding the truth, because it is dirty. Let me wipe my ass, and then see if you want to shake it.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201121:12Let me spell it out for you…You know the alphabet so here are five letters out of 26:I AGRE (did not write the second E…)In Japanese: Wakari masu or Hay! So desu!In french: nous avons un accord parfait sur les motivations de Kai.If you need, I can add chinese, thai, spanish and portugese.But for the first two I need to add an new IME to my laptop…You get the point I guess!os said: July 11, 201115:13I think people are reading too much into this. Politics aside, Kai was someone who didn’t like his job, so he quit. Period. This should be allowed for anyone, media or not. You don’t like your job. You don’t need to do the job. So then quit. End of story.Reply ↓	Rockmaven said: July 11, 201119:30I agree with this. I think what he wanted to say is that as an individual he believes he can use his talents in a way that fulfills his personal need and his need to contribute to the world somehow. To each his own. I don’t think he meant to attack the profession or other journalists. He just cited why he doesn’t feel it works for him at this point in his life. If anything i comend him for his courage to nake a decision for his own happiness. Too many of us go on self discovery too late in the day.Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201108:53‘I HATE YOU! – don’t leave me’. It’s a book. Read it. I only went half way through and it blew my mind.We are in a world where there are an increasing amount of people who don’t know who they are, because someone else is trying to tell them that. Aptitude tests this, bell curve that. Trends and popularity. What the hell is “viral” supposed to entice in thoughts(Are not viruses bad?). There is no wonder that the youth are using bad for good and vice versa, because they can see through the clutter with out knowing. Having lots of money really would be “sick”, if it came at the expense of others.Reply ↓	Sphievphen Phappenschepper said: July 11, 201119:01Hey Nick! How much do you folks get paid by the Harper govt. to troll the net and post comments? Isn’t it great that they don’t make you reply to any responses you get, just get the WORD out brothah!!I’m in a similar position to what you yourself were in recently, desperately needing employment and will do ANYTHING for money…really!! 😉 Hook me up!Reply ↓	Ken Burch said: July 11, 201119:49No, that wasn’t what he was saying at all and you know it. He was saying that he felt the CTV work culture made it impossible for him to be an honorable journalist. Why, in your view, is THAT an inadmissable position?Clearly, any journalist that follows CTV policies ceases to be functioning as a truthful member of her or his profession and reduces herself to the status of a propagandist for the status quo. Why SHOULD Nagata have agreed to fatally compromise himself in that way? It goes without saying that none of those who do can be trusted.Reply ↓	Nadine Lumley said: July 12, 201112:06The neoConBot crazy Christian Right-Wing Trolls just can’t help it:RWA: right-wing authoritarian followerssnip snip So a right-wing authoritarian follower doesn’t necessarily have conservative political views. Instead he’s someone who readily submits to the established authorities in society, attacks others in their name, and is highly conventional.Click to access TheAuthoritarians.pdfReply ↓	Moona Lisa said: July 10, 201122:39We will miss this guy, really.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:55I agree but there must be something else.We now have a free man ready to give society more.Reply ↓	Travis Fimmel said: July 11, 201113:59I am glad that Kai Nagata is no longer a reporter for Canadian media. Clearly he wants to be a political pundit and not a reporter of the news. That is just as well because he is obviously a poor reporter – saying that Canada “lost” a seat at the UN Security Council. That is incorrect – even in his post-reporter status. Canada did not have a seat at the UN Security Council at the time.It is NOT the job of the media to hold the Canadian government accountable. That is the job of the opposition parties. The job of the media in Canada, which Kai Nagata cannot understand, is to report to their customers what is happening.Now that Kai Nagata has revealed his political bias, which is based on his lack of ability to think, I am so thankful that this commentator wannabe is no longer standing in front of a Canadian media camera and seething about not being a pundit instead.P.S. It is normal practice in Canada – and most countries – that if you work for and are paid by a company, then the company owns the intellectual property that you worked on and were paid for. But – once again showing just how poor of a reporter he was – Kai Nagata did not know that.Reply ↓	Louis said: July 11, 201114:34Wrong. In dictatorships and totalitarian states, it is the job of the media to “report to customers” — in other words, to toe the party line of the state. One of the essential elements of free democratic states is an unfettered media that has an absolute obligation to hold those entities holding power over the people, including the government, to account.It certainly IS the job of the media to hold the government accountable.Reply ↓	John Victor said: July 11, 201114:43Canadian Media (a.k.a. Travis Fimmel) did a good job of taking a few irrelevant issues and labelling Kai as therefore irrelevant (despite the illogical leap) and completely missed everything of import that he was trying to get across.Reply ↓	Leslie said: July 11, 201115:01To TravisIt actually is part of true journalism to deliver the truth to us and to ensure our governments are covering things up. Clearly you are the one in the dark, distracted and not understanding which way this country is clearly headed!!! Do your homework!Reply ↓	Joe said: July 11, 201117:07Travis, as soon as I read “which is based on his lack of ability to think,” in your comment, you lost all credibility.Reply ↓	Ell said: July 11, 201118:17Travis, you’re wrong. In Canada our democracy is built on a large system of checks and balances to hold the government accountable. These include but are not limited to media, universities, electorate, opposition, the senate etc.Reply ↓	stephen harper said: July 11, 201118:56ah travis, your comment doesn’t live up to an actual intelligent and thought out reply so ill say this, your a f***ing idiot and i will pray for you to your jewish zombieReply ↓	pantagruelian said: July 11, 201119:15Really, Travis – who has an inability to think?? Kai is pointing out that because something ‘is’ doesn’t mean it’s ‘right’ – as you suggest in your PS. For example, just because a contract states it owns your intellectual property, doesn’t mean it’s ethically right. What right does a corporation have to exploit its employees and extract their ideas and claim them as their own without giving proper due and acknowledgement to the originator?? Sounds like you like your rules and would flourish under a tyranny – oh wait, you are, you’re revelling in a Harper government. Enjoy it while it lasts, because it won’t last much longer my friend. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. Harper’s days are numbered 🙂Reply ↓	DURR said: July 12, 201117:51You are an idiot. Did you even read the article? Or did you just pick out whatever fit your agenda? He left because the network he was working for PREVENTED HIM FROM BEING A REPORTER WHO OBJECTIVELY REPORTS. Because they instead want to serve JUNK FOOD TV.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201121:55I really like the political bias approach…Are you saying that Journalist should stick to facts and have only ethics?Because as far as I can see:– Kai has ethics;– Kay sticks to facts;– you have a political bias.So you must be talking about yourself…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201121:59Clearly all your post contains no facts.Judgement is your motto.Mister, I can see that you own the truth…Still no facts… Please argue with examples…Impressions are good when they are backed with a plausible explaination.On the other side, Kai is presenting facts, stories.He could probably prove to you every word he wrote with names, dates, quotations, recordings.But hey, you are cool, you know better: you own the truth.I really hope you have no child…Certainly not now…Reply ↓	MusiVision said: July 11, 201114:44You’ve got guts Kai… and integrity. Bravo!Reply ↓	Danielle said: July 12, 201108:34When you come right down to it, the core issue isn’t politics or even journalism. It’s feeling comfortable in one’s own skin. Whether you agree with Kai’s feelings about politics and journalism, or not, imagine yourself in his shoes. How long could you continue doing a job you no longer enjoyed? If Kai felt he could no longer be a committed employee – for ANY reason – then he made the right decision by leaving.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 12, 201117:11Enjoy your time off.There will be something for you when you come back.Many investigative reporters are needed in TV5, BBC, PBS and elsewhere.I am also enjoying very much toying with your detractor in Fox news style.Just found a new way of dealing with them…Just use the same style… It is easy…Even better, raise the bar so they don’t understand the underlined message.It is so easy to send a message to someone who can not read and understand properly.After all they are not interesting but we can still enjoy having fun with other members of the board..If they raise the bar and go to the facts, then the conclusion will turn around to be similar to you.Still in GW, I think PeakOil will present the opportunity for us to turn things around very fast.Some countries will seize that opprotunity (Québec, France, Japan, Germany, China) and will position themselves really green in the energy field.Then country who are left behind by leaders who think they own the truth will have to deal with a new world order where they no longer can dictate the rules.Mark my words, once the number of green country will reach a critical mass, WTO and GATT will have to adapt.Like the supreme court, they do react to new trends eventually.For example, if China ends up having 30% of their energy in green… They could relax their currency while adding a carbon tax for products coming from polluting countries.For now, they are trying to position themselves in a world where ressource are getting more scarce…In this great dance of the nations, the ones with more vision and less greed will endup winning.Change from inside: I am sure that many insiders did that fight before the 2008 collapse or any other collapse.Did it prevent the crisis to occur?Does that mean that no insiders tried everything they could to prevent it to happen?If your left arm has gangrene, you need to cut it.Do you see organizations cutting their left arm?People who think you can change from within do not understand how shark organizations are working.To change from inside, you need to reorient the whole executive staff.But these guys have grown and succeeded being sharks…Why would they change?If you are too loud, they will use Fox tactics (ad hominem) and paint you as a black sheep.First change yourself (you seem to have done a pretty good job) and then build an organization with dolphins as partner.Finally, start to compete.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 12, 201118:15Seems a few are talking about the devil in person: tax.First off, history tells us that GST was implemented by the Conservative (Harper is a conservative) to improve the economy.I prefer more tax and less income tax (we should all go to Bahamas…).Then the liberals promised to remove it. Either they knew they were lying (my guess) or they saw it was not possible to do. Need some insiders here…Seems economist have a strong desire to remove regressive taxes and to put in place progressive.Tax can either slow your economy or help it (or less injure it).Income tax is not the best one. Import tax have a lot of benefit but it also makes a country less competitive unless it is totally geared toward exports.There are two economic way to handle the global warming:– Carbon tax;– Cap and trade.Carbon tax is by far the best economic model (just ask top economists).Also very simple: you measure (like money) and then you tax.It also means that you can easily tax imports from polluting countries…Cap and trade is very difficult to put in place:– complex bureaucracy;– Cap allowance must be very precisely measured (tens of thousands of experts to calculate the cap and millions of hours in court);– If you give Cap that are too big, you end up doing the reverse: making more GHG;– On a global scale, the trade will be very complex to handle: another wall street + Nasdaq;– a lot of cap and trade specialist will be paid very high salaries (millions);– decreasing the cap will increase the lobbying.Seems to me, that a simple tax is better than building an empire of trading.Now if your name is Wall street, the Cap and Trade is the answer… The rich gets richer and the poor… Well there is still something more we can suck out of these guys.With a model of Cap and Trade, Alberta (Harper anywhere) will win and the rest of Canada will loose.Where does the pipelines from tar sands goes?Now let’s see:Cap and Trade: use 2015 as a reference year and all efforts of Québec (now almost at Kyoto level) are wiped out.Use Kyoto protocol (we signed it) as a reference and Alberta ships Billions in Québec…Currency: remove the demand of Canadian dollars for Alberta petrol and the Canadian dollar goes down to 85-90 cents: 1 million jobs created (vs how many in Alberta: 10K, 100K). It would cost us when going in holiday… But one million more taxpayers, not on unemployment or social welfare must have some benefit… At 30K per year… you are looking at 30B more in GDP…I am sure I am not alone thinking this.But hey… I am not an economist and not listening to Fox news.It is not possible that I am right…BTW, I am totally right wing… Less government but better government…Reply ↓	starbbycat said: July 13, 201100:02great read … have been thinking about CTV news & its blantant support of the conservatives over the past several years – also thinking/wondering about the effect of BellMedia taking over – admire your guts to follow your heart. frick though it is scary to think about all of this – became interested in politics right around 2005 or so with the federal election – saw the defeat of the Liberals with the Conservatives taking a minority – eventually since have lost heart for it – it seems a very nasty business – it is scary to see the likes of Stephen Harper with his majority with absolutely no control over what he does or turns Canada into – doesnt look good when things like the Census is tossed aside – why let the facts get in the way of what we want to do – sad to see people towing the party line with little thought as to the consequences – hard to see how nasty we are becoming to each other – day by day the kinder gentler thoughtful smart Canadian is being replaced with the tough as hell find your own fricken way chump, way stooopid between the ears, blindly led by the powers that be that use and abuse for their own benefit. God help us all.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201100:43Going back to history…We must learn from history.So if Kai is the target of a communication firm, we must make sure to bring the debate to the real perspective…First message from the public relation firm hijacking this thread must be answered properly.You really want to work from within????????????So let’s go: you asked for it, you are going to get it!Since Jean Chrestien days, CBC has been hicjacked and controled by politicians trying to limit the damage.This was way back in 1995 when the referendum was almost lost.At that time, a new person was named at the head of CBC…The first person who was in charge of this was Abram (should be written like the original Abraham) Rabinovitch.As executioner, he was in charge, almost a decade ago, to make sure CDC would not present positions that are against the government.The leashe was long enough to allow journalists to do anything but the focus was to prevent anything that would encourage or trigger anything in the independance fervor.How do I know that?Well I do not…But event that unfolded and the result shows the intent.Executives are given a mission and do not divulge it.But the result shows the intent.It is that simple: look at Radio-Canada in 1993 and now!What has changed in editorial?In the Harper era, this has increased much more.We all have seen the diplomat complaining about the Harper governement.How about the falk river story?You need more… Please do challenge me!So we have a government, that is removing the ability to his journalist to tell the truth.If this does not fit the agenda of the government, it must be manged and firm are hired to do that.What we see here is a concerted effort to pass a message:you should have done it from within.There is a subsidiary message but it is not important.So I am giving a warning to the message specialist who are trying to hicjack this….You really want to go there?You really want to do implicit attack on Nagata san?Please be my guest… I would love to go this way.The more you are going to play this game, the more I will attack the organization you are trying to defend.So basically: back off or I will make sure real issues are revealed.This hijacking has gone enough!Back off or I will show you how people with true values are able to bring things in their real perspective.I repeat: back off!To me the next step is to show that CBC is being hijacked and controlled by the government.Case seems clear to me.I hope I have made myself clear.Intelligence would be to stop the hostility, regroup and reevaluate…If you continue on this route you are making my case easy…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201100:54After so many post doing a spin on this thread…The message from the hired gun is clear:Work from within.So basically… everytime you see this, it is a spin by hired gun.Real question is: what are the messages they are trying to spin?Second question: how much money is spent in this exercice.Funny part: with all of us together, how can we make sure this situation goes out of proportion?How can we make sure the spinners are caught in a loop such that they are spending way too much money to handle this?How can we make sure they are failling while spending ever increasing money on this board?So the message is: work from within…Let’s agreee: within is corrupted to the bone and should be cut…The argument used in the spin is our instrument.Feel free to do Ad Hominem attack (attack the messenger)…I will enjoy this run!So the message is:Can not work from within when it is corrupted.Kai never said that,,, Now you are saying that Kai should work from within.WITHIN IS CORRUPTED.Now deal with this!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201101:19HARPER = Goerges W BUSHHarper wanted to split Québec back in 1995.Harper did not speak to one citzen during last campaign: all his meeting were organized.HARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHHARPER = Goerges W BUSHActually, I am wrong… Harper is worst than Bush!Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201109:10I agree Harper and Bush, both suck ass. You can see it in their face. you could put you hand in front of their nose and completely block their vision. Their point of view is so narrow, that they can not accurately see around certain objects, or see easily judge how quickly things can/are happening.Reply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201118:04Facepalm.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201101:28Again I see the marks of a public relation firm..I woinder: how can you do this job?How can you deny truth and still go back home with your child?Do you have any child?Furhermore… Do you ever want any child?Because Kai is trying to protect them…How can a public relation firm not understand… Let it go!The more you attack Kai, the more people will agree with him.You are basically creating more trouble.Go back to the customer and tell him: this is going to cost us 10 times more…My goal is to blow this out of proportion… So you are making my day!Please enjoy attacking Kai from every possible angle…Reply ↓	Jamie said: July 13, 201110:37Couldn’t agree more on your opinions – Glad to see the new generation taking up the fight and not completely blinded by the powers that be. I remember the movie NETWORK as a kid and even then I knew we were heading in the wrong direction – We need to keep our eyes wide open, not wide shut. I will be listening for good things from you and hope I can help in some way in the future!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:11So let’s help Kai in his fight and fight back.WE ARE FREE PEOPLE.The people attacking him are just puppets…We do understand that!Reply ↓	richard said: July 13, 201114:05You’re not alone, I myself have been trying to share this view w/ my friends/family for years. Its always heart warming hearing others share the same view. (lots of individuals who’ve commented included)to all the older generations out there.. some of us younger generations ‘get it’seek information vs in-formationall the bestReply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:09He is not alone but a public relation firm is here trying to discredit him…Of course he is not alone. We are all united with him.His words are true and he diserve our respect, help and support.Let’s start by chasing those haters away.To do that you have to bring things back to the essence.Seems simple: yes it is!Every stupid comment should be followed by a deep analysis where you try to find the people who gave the contract to shut him down!Even better, can you imagine some of us going on other threads…After all, War was waged on Kai!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201122:02Well… I am a bit older (53).But seing such a beautifull mind like Kai showing me this gives me all hopes for the future.We are not alone… We are the majority…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:05So guys are you with National.The coordinated way attacks were made on this board against Kai seems like a public relation firm is here.The coordinated way attacks were made on this board against Kai seems like a public relation firm is here.The coordinated way attacks were made on this board against Kai seems like a public relation firm is here.Their mission: handle the damage and shut down Kai.My guess: National or a newcomer with the same culture…I can see National reevaluating their approach…I can see them talking: are we creating a monster….Sorry, you are not, the monster is us showing you off…The monster is people on this board all teaming up against you.The monster is the offense you are doing by attacking Kai…Guys: A few of us just are wish you keep on attacking Kai!This is so much fun!Honest people on this board just want so much to have this battle.Reading all the post, there are may of us…Your only option: fail here or fail elsewhere!Do you really think you can spin the truth the way you want anywhere?To us lobbist and spinners like National are the most dirt there is to be seen.Is that clear enough…Can we say it again: Do you have any ethics?What the hell are you doing attacking this guy?You are so worthless that playing with you using your own tool is just fun.We will enjoy your stupid post and use them to make a bigger debate…For every hit on Kai Nagata, the goal is to shoot back with 10 to 100 times the strength you used.So please use this as a motivation…We are not alone and our mission is to bring truth to this baord.This almost spiritual: We need to protect Kai from the spit of dirty people.So everytime you do spit: we will hit you 10 times more.We are nobody so we have nothing to loose…Give us your best shot… We want this challenge.This is us, nobody going after you guys.Almost like a crusade…The only difference: you did start this war and we are just defending Kai…Here, we have the same rules.Internet has made this an equal opportunity ground.It is not like you can flood the TV with adds…We are equal here! So you can not use fear as a tool.There is no fear in this realm: works for you guys and works for us too!Basically, the approach is the following:– when post makes no sense, destroy the logic if it is flawed;– when post are showing true insight, try to find the intent behind the words… then attack the source of the intent (In this case CBC executing private consil orders).How do you defeat that:– Make a plan within a plan within a plan etc…– Lie, cheat, attack the messenger (Ad Hominem).Here is a winning proposition: tell the truth.The original idea was: you should have worked from within…Not bad but this is a totally flawed conclusion and is so easy to destroy that it is not even fun.This may not work perfectly and needs much more efforts but you migth end up find new perspective: We all win!You have many path:– Attack Kai on other places than his own board (seems not so bad);– Do a plan within plan within plan attack: seems like a lot of money to me: Go see customer and ask for a few 100K hoping you can win this;– Try to find a way to attack him on truth and fundamentals (seem the toughest path to me: do you agree?).I love when a public relation firm is going after a true good person on his own board.You do undertand that you are fighting a war in ennemy territory? You are commando team that has been uncovered.Go back and regroup and undertand: you can not come here.The interesting part: now that you have been uncovered means that you tactics can be used against you…So now anyone on this board can go and bring this war on the CBC site…They shut you off: create another email…They shut the thread: create another one…They shut the site: go on CTV, PBS, CRTC… Use your immagination…Thank you for showing us the path!Do you understand that nobody wants to see you here?Do you understand that every bad comment on Kai is just adding hatrid against CBC? Is that the objective?So basically, any hatrid can be chanelled back to CBC and Harper…Because you undertand: you are using hatrid as a tool…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:3933 strategies of war.Strategy number one: Declare war on your ennemies: done!Strategy number two: Do not fight the last war – Done, we are now at war.Strategy number three: Do not loose your presence of war: The public relation firm is reevaluating for now… For now… They will come back.Strategy number four: Use a sense of urgency and desperation – If a war is won against Kai… We will all loose.Strategy number five: avoid the snares of group thinking – Do you really think internet is group thinking?Strategy number six: Segment your forces – Well we are all alone deciding here!Strategy number seven: transform your war into a crusade… We have all the elements here…Strategy number eight: Pick up your battle carefully… Here is an easy one, going after CBC, CTV or CRTC is much tougher… Does not mean it is not winnable but it need to come from all directions.Strategy number nine: The counter attack – Here we have seen a concerted effort to attack Kai… The counter attack needs to bring this to other boards, offices, PM office…Strategy number ten: Create a threathening presence – Seems that the public relation firm is starting to back off… I just can wait to see them coming back with all of us against them.Strategy number 11: the non engagement strategy: we are seing the public relation firm using this one… Bashing against Kai has decrease (may come back), they are indeed reevaluating the approach.Offensive warfare…Strategy number 12: loose battle but win war: if we loose the battle on this site, it does not mean we loose. We need to bring war to the ennemy!Strategy number 13: Know your ennemy… Anyone thinking the public relation firm is the ennemy will loose, the real ennemy is the people behind… Make your guess…Strategy number 14: Overwhelm resistance with speed and suddenness. Can you imagine you guys teaming up on the CBC site in the next two days?Strategy number 15: control the dynamics… There is no way I can control anyone on this site… So you guys need to decide where is the next step… Personnally, I like CBC but anything will do as long as we agree.Strategy number 16: hit them where it hurts… They are attacking kai so we should attack CBC and PM office (private counsil).Strategy number 17: Defeat them in detail (never be intimidated by your ennemy): So we need to go after Harper on the long run.This is just half of the approach…War has been brought to Kai.We are able to reply.No need of a leader nor of a ruler.Just need to agree on:– situation being brought to us;– imagine we can do better.Guys and gals, this is your call.16 more strategies in the book.But we have enough to avoid 23 to 33: Dirty warfare…These are the tools of our opponents:23: wave a seamless blend of fact and fiction24: take the line of least expectation;27: seem to work for the interest of others while furthering your own;28: give your rivals enough rope to hand themselves (Sorry, I did used that one…)33: Sow uncertainty and panic through acts of terror (Did use that… can you imagine this thread on the desk of the CBC or PM office?)what is most fun… as I was presenting this approach… I ended up with 33…Can you imagine this thread on the desk of the CBC or private counsil CEOs…They would understand the danger…So now I am waitng for the replies.Obviously will fall into one of the 33 strategies…I want to avoid war at all cost…But attacking Kai is like waging war on me…Please do make my day!Reply ↓	Richard said: July 14, 201106:00“People do the job for all kinds of reasons. A few are raging narcissists.”Yes, I guess so. And some need to grow up and stop pretending they know all the answers that people with VASTLY more experience don’t. The world is awash is white-bread leftists, do we really need another one?Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201100:11So how old are you my friend.At 53, I still think that Kai, at 25 is way beyond you an me…Please show us, master narcissist!Please give us an example of white-bread leftists…I am just waiting for you to show us, You are the one… the only true one.The mega narcissists…Read again what you wrote!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201100:24You are so talking about yourself that I can wait for your reply.Come to me, you master of all.You are the illumination…Please do show us the path so we can follow and know who we need to attack.Please do show us.Now… How do you feel?You really want to go down that road?Please give us a name of a white-bread leftist?Please give us the name of the game you master?You are so great…Indeed, I now uinderstand how you own the truth and want to follow your leadership.I need a master like you to show me the way to true revelation…I need truth in my life and I am sure you will bring it to us.All the previous sentences were meaned to lure you.All I am waiting for is to be sure you come back so we, as a team could prove that every word you said is a lie.You did decribe yourself and I really enjoy giving you back your own words…I can not belive that you can not understand how dum-dum you look…I can not see how you can not see how much you are destroying yourself…Are you for real or just another useless spinner trying a last attempt to attack Nagata san.BTW, san means Mister but you can now understand that concept… Respect is not word that does not mean nothing to you.Start with you first: Do you respect anything about yourself?It is so easy with bashers like you that it is not even funny…You are so much hating yourself that it shows in every sentence you are writing.I guess you must have a miserable life and want to bring everone down to your level.Well done my friend: you have showed us that you are indeed that low.Interesting: a narcissist that hates himself… They are all the same after all!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201100:28Do not take the last post personnally…It is just about what you wrote.You are certainly better than what you are showing us.It is just that you showed us the dirtiest, worst, ugliest part of yourself.I am sure that deeper, you are a true beautifull being.It is just that it is hidden behind all that rage and that hate…Go back and breathe in…Air is good because it brings oxygen to the brain.Obviously you are not breathing enough…Or you are breathing too fast!Reply ↓	Michel Vanderby said: July 8, 201116:43Congratulations on your freedom! Thanks for your hard work and I hope you find your passion. It certainly would be nice to have a Canadian version of “Pro Publica”…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:57What is Pro Publica?Anything geared toward truth and against Fox is good to me.Fox is the quitescence of lying and manipulation.Anyone using this as a guide is just stupid!Feel free to challenge me!Just go ahead make my day!Reply ↓	JimWilson said: July 12, 201103:54ProPublica; http://www.propublica.org/Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:46Thanks for a great site I did not knew.Like the russian in 1972: I come here to learn.Difference: I know they have plenty of Bobby Clarke in their team…So who learned more in 1972: Canada…This epic changed hockey in NHL for good…Reply ↓	François Larouche said: July 8, 201117:10What a text. What a great act of courage. You demonstrated great respect for youself.Good luck.FrankReply ↓	Serge Laplante said: July 8, 201117:12We will miss this guy, really.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201122:58He is not gone, just becoming free!Such understanding is great.Do not be sorry… See the opportunity!Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 8, 201117:49How about you become our Jon Stewart. We definitely need that type of satirical look at anything foolish. Too bad Bell owns Comedy also. There is always YouTube. Funny how progressives are considered more left leaning, yet we are o.k to hit both sides if they are truly foolish. It is going to get uglier out there with Sun News pretending to give people news. Hopefully Canadians are more in tune with being lied to.Reply ↓	Valerie said: July 9, 201118:06Here! Here!I’m thinking you need to talk to Corus. Maybe get yourself a “Daily” show on HBO Canada? If ever there was a Canadian media company that’s not (as) beholden to a given particular political sway, it’s gotta be Corus – maybe?We need a satirist (or just straight-up commentary) that doesn’t pull any punches and your views seem to reflect almost entirely my own. It gladdens my heart to know I share the same sense of normalcy as another fellow Canuck. I truly believe there are a lot of us out there (though where they were during the last election…?)We middle-of-the-roaders need you. I beg you not to quit media. It *does* seem to be your passion. Having opinions shouldn’t preclude you from being in a position to share them. Don’t give up! Please! With a cherry?!Reply ↓	Irish84 said: July 11, 201105:03Lol as an employee of Corus (who works in News) I can assure you Corus is at least as beholden to its share holders as Bell and Rogers. They’re all the same which is the greatest issue facing news in this country.Majority of journalists work for 1 of these 3 companies and if there’s a news story about one of the sponsors I can assure you, you won’t hear about itReply ↓	Steve Craig said: July 9, 201120:55Becoming our Jon Stewart is EXACTLY what I was going to suggest. I wholeheartedly concur with your idea.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:48We have a Jon Stewart.What we are needing is a Kai Nagata…Reply ↓	Alex J. Glass said: July 8, 201117:57Ouf, what to say? I found that the transition between John Grant and you had gone so well, after having wondered how someone else could take on his responsibilities and pull it off.Maybe there is a gentle voice in your soul, giving you an outline of what you might feel passionate about, in future. Twenty-four is certainly a good age to evaluate and realign, it’s a time when people will understand better than if you had waited for a long time before making the same decision.I hope that your colleagues, being in the information industry and all, will read your message carefully, because they have ample food for thought.I wish you well. My field is written French and I’ve frequently had to apologize for it, because too many people think that they know how to write, and when by chance they seek out someone to polish their material, it’s under the disguise of lacking time, instead of lacking skills or knowledge. I, too, am probably richer in love than in goods, but my faith is strong, which helps a great deal.Alex J. Glassde MontréalReply ↓	prin said: July 8, 201118:02I vote either Canada’s Jon Stewart or the next PM. Yes. I’d totally join the party.Reply ↓	Skookum1 said: July 9, 201119:33What party, and why bother with a party?? the party system, and the parliamentary system, have failed us miserably and have been revealed as both farce and sham. I’d go for the Canada’s Jon Stewart thing, or Canada’s Amy Goodman….but getting airtime in a tele-universe controlled by Big Media? No, Big Media has to be killed with a stake in its heart and a beheading, like a combination vampire-zombie. They’re trying to take over and control the internet, and in BC have begun disabusing bloggers who have held the torch going for the mad, depraved years of Campbell’s “Golden Decade”, in which CTV was NOT fair and balanced and was part of and an exacerbator of cover-up after cover-up in re BC Rail, BC Hydro and lots more, and have participated in a lockdown of courtroom access/rights for independent journalists…..we need a New Media, we need to kill the political system which controls cable licensing and allows Big Stupid Money to have its way and push Big Stupid Garbage at us and “thought control” and newspeak are now the common order of the day; even when masked as cooking shows and the ideological push for rank, brutal capitalism that Dragons Den represents.Nagata’s very right that consumer-rights “journalism” has replaced investigative reporting on political matters, and that’s a really nasty problem for any civilzed democracy. Red herrings about ponzi schemes instead of taking on the disbursing of government contracts and crown/public assets to political backers etc….or examing the system of payloa and graft and patronage and pork barrel that is what the parliamentary system is DESIGNED to do.We do not have a democracy in Canada, really never have; we do not have a free press – we have a bought and paid for press…As for the post somewhere above telling him he’s not allowed to have an opinion; well, who does then? Only the network owners????The whole situation reminds me of the classic ’70s film Network – with the fatalistically deranged broadcaster telling everyone to throw their TV sets out the windows, yelling “I’m mad as hell and can’t take it anymore”.Yes, Mr Nagata, keep writing; wherever you do it from, in whatever venue you can find where you are allowed to express your conscience and not subdue it as part of your job conditions. You are not a slave, even though they want you to be one……Big Media must die, and it is us that must kill it. Somehow…..Reply ↓	prin said: July 9, 201120:16Well, there has to be a party so we can elect him… I’d hope it’d be a new one. Left in some ways, right in some ways and rarely center.The parliamentary system only fails when those who represent us aren’t elected fairly and when the people who choose to run do it for entirely the wrong reasons.Nobody does it for idealism and nobility these days and in consequence, people don’t feel the need to participate in the same ol’, same ol’.Reply ↓	MarkBP said: July 11, 201109:24Kai’s description of where he stands sounds a great deal like the Green PartyReply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 13, 201111:28The system by which representatives is broken. Canadians would be best served if we had representation by popular vote, which means if only 40% of the country voted for the government then only 40% of the seats in office would be given to them. That would allow for alot of the under represented parties a seat so that their’s and the views of those whom they represent would be heard instead of buried. That way the government would have to do things that appeal to more of the population. I am willing to bet that more people would vote if this system were used in future elections, because then even if they are the only house that doesn’t vote for a particular party in a 3km radius their vote would still count instead of first past the post.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201122:11Do not throw the baby with the water…The system is good, it is just that we endure that people are corrupting it…If laws and rules are the same for everyone, we are much better.If we use common sense instead of fear (cover your ass) and power to build those rules we are much better.If laws are based on science and solid facts instead of ideology, we are much better.The system is not the problem… It is just that some are thinking this is a game and they are players.They should think: this should be fun for all of us, not only a few.Nash presented an approach that is at the base of GATT and WTO: but players are corrupting it…Whatever the system, it should not be based on personaltiy (vanity) but values, ethics and principles.In this, we have all failed to uphold our values…Because, let’s be fair, most of us have values.Reply ↓	Elise Moser said: July 8, 201118:26How great. Good for you! I can’t wait to see what you do next.Reply ↓	Bev Williamson said: July 8, 201118:52Fantastic article, all Canadians need to read this.Reply ↓	Bev Williamson said: July 8, 201118:53Fantastic Article, all Canadians need to read this!Reply ↓	Viktor said: July 8, 201118:54There is no consensus. It’s funny that we humans think we matter so much as to presume we can influence the cyclical nature of climate.If we wanted news from hacktivists we could get those from youtube.Reply ↓	Earl Dunbar said: July 9, 201104:57This is a piece long overdue. Not for you, Kai, but for journalism, especially TV, as a whole. Bravo.Viktor: It’s funny to think that humans CANNOT/DO NOT influence global climate. To think otherwise is hubris and denial.Belinda: I think you really misunderstand.Reply ↓	Public Transit said: July 9, 201105:31You’d prefer to get your news from the same large, faceless companies who charge you for it on your television, or who bill you for your cell phones? These companies who answer to the profits of their stockholders and not the public interest?I’d rather get my news from the front lines, from a voice that has true passion for the news and for what it means to be a citizen of this country any day.Reply ↓	Darren said: July 9, 201113:16That’s right, Viktor. Humans had nothing to do with the “natural” erosion of the ozone layer. CFC’s? Pff…With regard to climate change, there is evidence that human beings *may* be contributing to climate change in a bad way. You say not. Wouldn’t you like to know for certain, beyond your “this is what I think and I’m right and everyone who thinks otherwise is stupid” position? That’s what science is for. That’s why we need climate science. Not to prove that humans are ruining the climate, but to determine if that is indeed the case and, if so, to what degree and how we might go about correcting things.To state that people are presumptuous to think that they matter so much that they can influence the climate is a presumptuous, arrogant and ignorant statement.Reply ↓	Also Scientist said: July 11, 201116:53Daren, the science you note has already been going on for decades with little OBJECTIVITY shown by either of the opposing sides in the relevant debate on what remedies might actually help. Of course, financial reasons as always. Well, the simplest remedy available to us all right now is voluntary population control world-wide. In addition to all other environmental efforts that only MIGHT help, this one WOULD help. But no, that would damage our economy and, furthermore, our environmentalists much prefer the opposite – let the population grow and then carbon-tax it for environmental “reasons”. Never mind that it will do nothing for the world’s environment, we want to show our dedication to it, right?Reply ↓	Also, also a Scientist (a realistic one) said: July 11, 201122:31That’s an incredibly lazy reply. Everyone knows it boils down to overpopulation, in the end, but you offer no more reasonable solutions than the carbon-tax you decry. Anyone can criticise, but how many people actually have original ideas to improve our lot?How would YOU implement population control? Hmm? Voluntary? Riiiight.And enforced population control has worked out so well for China. /sarcasmReply ↓	Jonathan said: July 10, 201116:02“Matter”? Your choice of words is wrong.It’s not a question of whether or not we “matter.” It’s a question of whether or not their are enough of us to make an impact with our industry. Have you totally failed to look at the world around you?Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201122:36Let’s suppose 1% of the Canadians all work toward a better ethic in any political party they want for 5 hours per week during the election period (6 weeks).Let’s suppose one of of ten on this board goes to meet the political staff for one or two hour per week using wethics as a guide…What happens?We do matter, so we should try something…Keeping the outmost standard as our guide.Working from inside is a matter of keeping our calm and focus and ethics…Does happen in political parties…Leaders a la Harper and Bush who owns the truth and knows better are things of the past…In the future, leaders will be the ones asking the right questions…Vision is about asking questions and sharing…Reply ↓	Kat said: July 10, 201121:43Wow….actually retarded…and that’s what you took away from this whole commentary, huh?Reply ↓	rwerkh said: July 11, 201106:48Viktor:There is a consensus.Of course we can sway the climate – but thank you for illustrating the right wing belief system discussed in the article.How can you be so stupid to believe humans do not affect the planet with their actions – that is just plain craziness.There is lots of data on how climate is modified on many levels by human activity.You sir are either amazingly stupid, or delusional.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:01So your pretention is that we can not affect nature?So how about throwing 100 nuclea bombs on the planet?Would this change the planet?Well I have to agree: one million years from now, it would be solved…Now is the real question:Can we affect nature?If we can, where are we going?Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201123:00Seems science is telling us that CO2 is vibrating when light comes in, and bouces off in infrared emitting energy in all directions.Seems science tells us that GHG are have a logarithmic impact (hence the reason why going from 280 to 560 ppm of CO2 is the same as going from 560 to 1120 ppm).Did you know that?So let’s forget everything and assume you can understand facts that are simpler…We can nuke all of North America… (or any other continent) so much that there will be no life for at least a few hundreds (Nature is strong) or thousands of year…Do you still pretend we have no impact?I agree, if we kill every human on this planet, it will recover. In the life cycle of a planet (Billions of years), we are nothing…Is this your model?Let’s try again, we still have some smallpox in reserve (for scientist… You know the ones who created Frankenstein…).If we grow enough, we could send so people to dissiminate it every where killing nearly 20-25% of this planet…Do you still pretend we have no impact?Do you work in a cubicle every day?Does this makes you feel secure?What do you know about Global Warming?What is the rate of Artic summer ice decline? (about 10% per decade and increasing)Was the melting of Groenland and Antartica included in the 2007 IPCC report? (no, just glaciers on mountains and sea expansion due to temperature)What are the ice mountains glacier that are not regressing? (Less than 5%)What is the impact of earth albedo on reflection?What is albedo? (color of the earth: Mirror is 1, Black is 0)Why do model predict Antartica is going to grow? (warmer means more humidity in the air, makes Antartica grow)Where is the dryest place on earth? Sahara? Namibia desert (oldest desert on earth)? (Antartica)What is the most important factor for sea level rising in the last IPCC report? (Increase in temperature of the sea cause an expansion of the sea, Glacier melting is the second one)What is the probable impact of the melting of the Himalayas on agriculture in India and China?What did the chinese authority did about that on the Mekong tributaries?You seem to know better.Could you answer one of these questions?I mean just one…Now I will ask you to prove your leadership…Please ask one question…Just one to show your point…You seem to need more details…Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 19, 201113:50Victor, my not so friendly neighbourhood retard. You forget about the atom bomb I am sure that if they all went off then the world might just be different. Nuclear winter, radioactive fall-out. Do you remember Chernobyl? Humans couldn’t possibly have done that, because we can’t possibly have an impact on something so grand as the Earth. What does your lower intestine taste like?Reply ↓	Amelia T said: July 8, 201118:56He sounds like Stephane Dion, circa 2008…Reply ↓	Parliament_Nil on twitter said: July 9, 201112:13You say that like it’s a bad thing! This is exactly the point: If someone’s not “TV-friendly” for whatever reason (in Dion’s case, specifically, his English), they are not fit to serve slop to swine. Never mind that most Canadians actually agree with the guy, once you take his name off the page, or his second-language yammering from the two-minute blurb on the evening news. I bet his English trumps your French!This kid has ones made of the same granite as the Canadian Shield, and twice as large. He just renounced a career in broadcast journalism where he could have lapped up the money indefinitely, and there’s little doubt he knew the consequences beforehand. Which CONservative has ever been this brave? Gerry Nicholls? Ezra freaking Levant??? Pffft!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:05Please do enjoy some time to present your case about Dion…Please present specifics and be ready to defend…If you are for real, you will try to live up to the challenge I am presenting you…Rely on facts not impression!Harper is all about impression and spin…Dion is about something else…I may not like him but I have to give him what belongs to him…So let’s have fun:present either Dion or Harper..Choose your fight… I am yours for a while!Reply ↓	Ange-Aimee Woods said: July 8, 201119:05Oh Kai, I laughed, I teared up a bit — and then I teared up some more when I realized you clearly don’t have student loans. No freedom 38 for me. Don’t hop in your fancy pick up truck yet. I want to buy you a beer.Reply ↓	Marke said: July 9, 201110:02Maybe, Ange-Aimee Wood, he was fortunate in that he was able to pay his student loan off. He did say the job was high-paying with a lot of perks. Maybe more than enough to pay for ‘his fancy truck’ too.We live in a world of payback, Amelia and if he should ever want to get back to working for the news media, he’s taking a chance writing the truth about news and journalism practices today and more especially if he continues to do so. Should he write a book, news media baron, Rupert Murdoch, dubbed by Forbes magazine as ‘the man who owns the news’ will make sure it is never published. And not just in Canada (why else the secret meeting between Harper and Murdoch last year). His often unwilling cohorts are politicians, police of Australia, Russia, U.S., Italy, Germany, United Kingdom, France, India . . . for a full list check http://ketupa.net/murdoch1.htmReply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:07So you have student loans?Or you want to say something about student loans?Anything specific about what Nagata san wrote?Are you just a tourist here?Reply ↓	why why why why said: July 13, 201110:41Why do you comment on anything and everything ?Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201122:52What is your point?I have many comments because I want to support this guy.Here we are on his site…And I see some bashing going on.So I am trying to grow the flowers and bash the bad weeds.I will be gone soon.But today, this is my site sire!Goes back to intention:I think this guy is great is diserve our best efforts…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201123:05The reason why: I want to make sure this thread is not hijacked by a public relation firm.Some of the comments on this board are either from:– Political activists;– Public relation firm;– the rest…So I am trying to target the public relation firm that are attacking Kai…I feel it is kind of unfair that a big public relation firm would be allowed to hijack this thread.So I am chasing after spinners.It does cause me a problem because sometimes comments are legitimate.But I do feel the spin on this.I ahve explained my postition in previous posts.Please refer to them to understand my motives deeper…Reply ↓	Pam Anderson said: July 28, 201112:57Pam…. Kai is a quitter…for whatever reason. Wasted his time… which is his choice. I think Kai should volunteer for rest of his life in Africa…help those with Aids and stuff.Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 29, 201106:47Tell us about you then. Kai just finished telling us his story, so tell us yours, so that we can understand the validity behind your words if it exists in this case. You speak(type, whatever it may be) from a pessimistic and judgmental point of view.Don’t get mad because you lack the courage that Kai has, and because you lost yours long ago at the hands of those whom you wished were your peers. You make it sound as if your feces doesn’t stink. Don’t try and bring him down for standing up for what he believes in, and for sticking his neck out. Kai is not a quitter he just knows when its time to leave the table. And you simply can’t stand someone voicing there opinion then walking away. So just walk away or you can deal with me, and PAM who seems to be a stand up fellow. So come share with me. Enlighten me, even. Ha ha if you can.Freda Guttman said: July 8, 201119:21I wish more people would do what you have done. I’m convinced you’ll find your way to do what this world needs. People engaged to save us from ourselves.Reply ↓	Andy said: July 8, 201119:30Cool! I love how you roll!May you find the peace and fulfillment you seek.Reply ↓	Miss Paulette said: July 8, 201120:07Well said Kai! Best of luck to you on the next part of your journey. Being true to yourself is the greatest freedom there is – I’ve recently discovered that myself.Reply ↓	alx24 said: July 8, 201120:20As a current j-schooler heading into my last year, this post has really got me thinking about a lot. Thanks for sharing. Best of luck to you.Reply ↓	Glenna Miles said: July 8, 201120:42You have had a Brigette moment. The young must speak to the young to get this message across. We are all on the same Planet. The Rapture is not the answer. We don’t need to fear terrorist attacks as long as we have a Harper Government as he will do the most damage in a shortest amount of time with the most negative consequences to the most people. The under 45’s are going to have to live the longest with whatever Harper wreaks upon us. Your actions speak louder than words. Bravo!Reply ↓	Nadine Lumley said: July 8, 201120:51Asked to give a toast before the prestigious New York Press Club, John Swinton, the former Chief of Staff and editorial writer at the New York Times, made this candid confession at a banquet held in his honor in 1880, nearing the end of his career:http://knol.google.com/k/j-y/we-are-intellectual-prostitutes/gcybcajus7dp/19#“There is no such thing, at this date of the world’s history, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dares to write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with.Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my paper, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone.The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth; to lie outright; to pervert; to vilify; to fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell the country for his daily bread. You know it and I know it and what folly is this toasting an independent press. We are the tools and vassals of the rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men.We are intellectual prostitutes.”[It’s worth noting Swinton was called “The Dean of His Profession” by other newsmen, who admired him greatly]:Reply ↓	Nadine Lumley said: July 8, 201120:58June 2008: The Press Vs. The PeopleMedia ownership in Canada one of world’s most concentrated“Canadian media are now big business, driven not by public interest, but by financial interests. Their main clients are shareholders, not viewers, readers, or listeners. The results are fewer diverse sources of local information and less public dialogue, which undermines the health of our democracy. A handful of locally-owned and independent media remain. They are an endangered species.http://www.policyalternatives.ca/publications/monitor/june-2008-press-vs-peopleReply ↓	Nadine Lumley said: July 8, 201121:05Who Killed CanadaMedia Ownership and the Radical Right in CanadaPart 1, 2 & 3. Note: each video about 10 minutes longNo time for video? Read review instead:http://pushedleft.blogspot.com/2009/11/under-steve-harper-we-are-no-longer.htmlMr. Hurtig begins by discussing the Canadian media and how we now have the greatest concentration of media in the western world. In fact, he states that this would simply not be allowed in any other western democracy.And since these same media outlets control newspaper, television and radio news; we are essentially only being given one voice. There are few or no alternative views. As stated in the video, a healthy democracy should foster a healthy and independent news media.http://pushedleft.blogspot.com/2009/11/under-steve-harper-we-are-no-longer.htmlReply ↓	Pat H. said: July 9, 201108:28Great and informative posts, Nadine. Thank you!I hope that Kai has a blog. I’m going looking for it.Reply ↓	Hugh Cawker said: July 8, 201121:13Thank you. This is a beautifully written and reasoned piece, and says many things that I wish others in the media had the courage to say. You’re going to have a great life!Reply ↓	Alain Castonguay said: July 8, 201121:33Thank you for your thoughts about this great job we make and trying to make a better understanding of our world.Take care.Reply ↓	Steffani Cameron said: July 8, 201122:08You’re awesome. This posting is why I wanted to be a journalist, and why I no longer do.I once believed journalism could save the world, but now I think it’s down to blogging and social media, because corporate entities and political hacks have pwned the media. There is no free statement or greater good behind it today.But I’ll shut up now, because you’ve put it incredibly. I hope the road is good to you. There’s a town in BC, Nelson, the natives referred to as the Valley of the Lost Souls, which we hear much of in many cultures, but the legend has it that those who are broken or fragmented in body or soul should go to the Valley, and the river will heal them, but a part of them will remain to heal the next soul on the journey toward healing.It’s a pretty amazing town. You know, if the road takes you there. Best of luck. Thank you.Reply ↓	Carol Bell said: July 9, 201109:01Seems to me that Nelson would be an ideal location to re-group and get on with it!From the Valley of Lost Souls.Reply ↓	Natasha said: July 9, 201117:02Steff I agree with you. Save our nation from this ‘radical’ government!Reply ↓	Skookum1 said: July 10, 201117:19Actually I’m pretty sure you mean Winlaw, and the Slocan Valley, which is NW of Nelson, and it’s the Slocan River that’s meant…..denizens of Winlaw introduce their town (well, not really a town….) that way……in my case when I was told that, my reply was “but I’m found”……people go to the Slocan and other parts of the Kootenays, and certain other valleys and islands in BC, to GET lost. To give up. And giving up is not a solution.Reply ↓	Belinda said: July 8, 201122:43You’re a former pretty boy talking head in Canada. Could you be less important?Reply ↓	Public Transit said: July 9, 201104:53Your a pretty much nameless (first name only) poster on a blog… could you be less important?Reply ↓	Hugh Cawker said: July 9, 201106:13I believe you have just demonstrated that you can be.Reply ↓	Susan said: July 10, 201106:52Belinda – you’re mistakenly under the assumption that everyone WANTS to be important to the masses. Your comment sounds like a projection of your own self-loathing.Reply ↓	Brent Gulanowski said: July 10, 201108:21Belinda is the common man. Doesn’t say much for our chances.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201112:21Very confusing response. If you think he’s “pretty” that’s your fault. But do you loathe “pretty boy talking heads” or do you like that they exist? Kai just quit that position you loathe, so you should be glad. It feels like you just kind of accept the pattern overlaid on the world by the culture & media, but don’t see the bigger picture. Very confusing…Reply ↓	xorbtiman said: July 11, 201113:28No you all missed the point that Belinda was trying to make….simply put, she’s a “man hater”. She has to rationalize her thought process by belittlling others so that she can elevate her own narcicistic view of herself vis-a-vie her interpretation of her world around her. She’s a cretin with sub-human intelligence however it’s not her fault because she’s a product of today’s mass media marketing brainwashing.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:10So what are you?Someone who knows other people at first glance?Well lookig at you result si quite easy!God I love this Fox way of replying.It is so easy to show a tourist he is nothing but dirt!!!Reply ↓	Oz Melo said: July 8, 201122:50May the force be with you. Godspeed.Reply ↓	Nigel Bell said: July 8, 201123:10… it’s not quite so dire here in Australia – but close, close…… I constantly, and sincerely, apologize to foreign (esp. US and UK) friends for Rupert Murdoch, as he was ‘one of ours’… Murdoch’s interests control almost every newspaper in Australia, and those he doesn’t control (the Fairfax Press) seem to want nothing more than to emulate him and his practices…… the Great Shame that we in Australia are currently heaping upon ourselves is the illegal (illegal by definition of Australian and International Law) and immoral mistreatment of Refugees… and this racism and isolationism is fostered – as it is fostered in the US and the UK, maybe Canada, too, I don’t know – by the editorials of Murdoch/Fox/Sky apparatchiks, the cowardice of both the journalists who see the cards being dealt ‘from beneath the deck’ and the politicians who were voted in by thousands and yet give their ears to only one (or two), and our own apparent deliberate efforts to look the other way, even from the most obvious of abuses…… the British, bless their cotton socks, have for at least this one moment decided that the Murdoch ilk has indeed crossed a line in the behaviour of Rebekah Brooks, Andy Coulson, and others at the “News Of The World”… Brooks explained to staff yesterday that the paper was ‘folding’ [my witticism, not hers] because advertisers consider it ‘toxic’… and yet PM David Cameron owes Murdoch a great deal, so it will be interesting to see when the Sky brand is less odious enough to shower favours on again…… thank you, Kai, you thoughts were elegantly put…Reply ↓	Nadine Lumley said: July 12, 201111:31The bugger, buggedHugh GrantPublished 12 April 2011More than that, he was Paul McMullan, one of two ex-NoW hacks who had blown the whistle (in the Guardian and on Channel 4’s Dispatches) on the full extent of phone-hacking at the paper, particularly under its former editor Andy Coulson.This was interesting, as I had been a victim – a fact he confirmed as we drove along.He also had an unusual defence of the practice: that phone-hacking was a price you had to pay for living in a free society.http://www.newstatesman.com/newspapers/2011/04/phone-yeah-cameron-murdochHim […] Cameron must have known – that’s the bigger scandal. He had to jump into bed with Murdoch as everyone had, starting with Thatcher in the Seventies . . . Tony Blair . . . [tape is hard to hear here] Maggie openly courted Murdoch, saying, you know, “Please support me.” So when Cameron, when it came his turn to go to Murdoch via Rebekah Wade . . . Cameron went horse riding regularly with Rebekah. I know, because as well as doorstepping celebrities, I’ve also doorstepped my ex-boss by hiding in the bushes, waiting for her to come past with Cameron on a horse . . . before the election to show that – you know – Murdoch was backing Cameron.Reply ↓	Casey Gemma said: July 8, 201123:18Bravo sir. Eloquently worded, and your insider perspective confirms many of my suspicions about the world of spoon-fed news media.Go forward and do something game-changing. You certainly seem to have the mind and fortitude required.Reply ↓	Richard Blake said: July 8, 201123:18You are doing the right thing!Best of luck.Reply ↓	bertrand e cabana said: July 8, 201123:22down here in stateside news it is also the usual unimportant garbage fed to us with all the important stuff being hidden so we dont find out we are being lied to. our government has become one of incessant threats and dismantling of the constitution. so kudos to you for having the kahonas to tell it like it is.Reply ↓	DP said: July 8, 201123:46I feel like giving you a one-man standing ovation. Instead I’ll say: You are the future. I have tremendous respect for your decision. I’m inspired, and I can’t wait to see what your future holds. I’m sure you’re asking yourself a lot of questions right now. When you find the answers, I believe they will be everything you hope for.You’ve got what it takes.Reply ↓	milaaa said: July 9, 201122:38Ditto.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201112:38I would like to believe Kai is the future, and maybe through the internet his kind of enlightenment will spread. But remember that iconoclastic folks like Kai and myself have existed for all time, and have rarely been able to upend the institutions set up to define reality. In large part, because the society is addicted to the stuff, and don’t know or care that it’s poison. And, because they can always find more young, idealistic, and insecure people to play the talking head role. Here in the US we have an increasing number of pretty erudite people who are nevertheless completely narcissistic whores. You only have to look at their smarmy faces.But you know, there’s a growing dumb segment of society that can afford the 500 channel package, but which doesn’t care for facts, nuance, truth, beauty, or… anything at all really. As meat-loving sports fans and jingoistic knee-jerk patriots, their only concern is to be on the coarser, tougher team. They don’t have time for girly or geeky things like science or art. They admire the cleverness with which the FAUX news media frustrates and explodes the heads of reasonable people on the other side. It’s a purely voyeuristic / vicarious enjoyment of the act of being gleefully dishonest and obstinate and sticking it to the other guy. Pure and simple.It amazes me that people’s mirror neurons could be firing uncritically when Sarah Palin, Bill O’Reilly, or Charles Kuralt are on the screen puffing themselves up like dirigibles. The implication is that there are enough mean-spirited people watching regularly to keep them on the air. Untold psychological damage there…When you don’t have much brains and all you care about is jollies, this is sort of what you’re left with. One feels that the reason the Right hates intellectuals and wants to de-fund anything that raises people up is that they understand that more brutes and bigots means more support for their oligarchy.Reply ↓	Travis said: July 9, 201100:50If you make it to Vancouver, I’ll buy the beer.Reply ↓	Greg said: July 11, 201113:44I was going to offer the same! Thanks for the thoughtful article, Kai.Reply ↓	Koto Elessar said: July 9, 201101:06I must say I am impressed by your courage, I have been there myself, leaving a good job for something unknown, being homeless, being broke. You will make something of yourself yet and I look forward to seeing what it is.Reply ↓	Marco Procaccini said: July 9, 201101:25Just admiring the courage and honesty of this young media colleague, who took a stand based on principle and integrity and defending the public interest–things that have become practically extinct under the oppression corporate media regimenReply ↓	Azzano said: July 9, 201101:41Undoubtedly the most eloquent and thought provoking piece I’ve read in weeks. Been getting that sinking feeling that people have become far too apathetic in our country, and seeing boldly-written things such as this makes me feel like perhaps there’s more hope after all than I had imagined. Please do us a favor and run for office–you’ll have my vote for sure.Reply ↓	Mark W said: July 9, 201102:05You have written a great, well thought out, explanation of your thoughts and impulses that will likely offend many “Evangelicals” in North America. However, I hope that doesn’t deter you from continuing to explore these aspects.I welcome you to the RoC, and invite you to visit if you make it out to Alberta (where we could certainly use your perspectives!)Thank you for your refreshing point of view!Reply ↓	Matthew Cope said: July 9, 201103:22Bravo. Brains. Principles. Guts. It all needed saying.Reply ↓	Pingback: Why he quit his job, while we apply for his | Bethany HorneBrian MacPherson said: July 9, 201104:36The journey starts beneath your feet.Reply ↓	doug delamatter said: July 9, 201104:47It is such a relief to see that a 24 year old and a 64 yr old can see and be profoundly disturbed by the same things happening to our potentially amazing country. Bon Voyage on your road to the future. I hope that public service (of any description) is in your future. You are needed more than you can know.Reply ↓	Shawna O'Flaherty said: July 9, 201105:05Thank you. You’ve got guts but you already knew that. I’m glad our paths have crossed in life.Reply ↓	Public Transit said: July 9, 201105:05Kai, I read your thoughtful words and feel inspired by your actions.Thank you for giving your perspective, as truly that’s what actual journalism is.I will be sharing this with my family and friends, as that is the least we can do if we feel strongly about the subject matter. Hopefully others will do the same and perhaps an informed discussion will be had by many Canadians about our path as we move forward.Not sure how far west your travels will take you, but pls know there are many on the Canadian left coast who will be raising a glass in your general direction.Kudo’s.Reply ↓	Carolyn-Fe said: July 9, 201105:19All the best, Kai! Took a lot of courage to walk on to your own beat. Success waits for you in another form.Reply ↓	Bill Smith said: July 9, 201105:23So, in short, you’re getting into politics on the left-wing you always quietly supported by slanting your work (ref. “indulging” PETA protestors). Now that the NDP is surging in Quebec you figure it’s a good time to capitalize on being a QC journalist by getting into the game.Reply ↓	Pat H. said: July 9, 201108:33Nice, Bill… aren’t you the clever, prescient one?Reply ↓	JenGerson said: July 9, 201109:29How is “indulging” PETA protestors left wing? The implication here is that he clearly thinks PETA is bunk.Reply ↓	prin said: July 9, 201115:33Sorry, but PETA is bunk. They’re higher kill than the worst shelters around.Click to access peta2010.pdfAnd when interviewed about it, they don’t even care do defend those numbers. They just don’t care.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201112:47It could also be interpreted as tongue-in-cheek irony. The news media never “interviews” Peta, only “indulges” them. Because the conventional / institutional wisdom is: Peta are officially weird, kooky, kinda hippie, not mainstream.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201112:44You’re probably right. Had his views been less left-leaning he would probably not have been disillusioned by his job. But then, the politics of the Right seems to embrace the ulterior motive.Reply ↓	CW said: July 9, 201105:24This is an inspiring and depressing read – Journalism schools need you to lecture.Reply ↓	Laura said: July 9, 201105:25I read this with great interest. I agree and advocate against a lot of the things said. I wanted to tell you that many of us are fighting the mainstream media models by creating other types of programming that more adequately reflect the various communities in Canada.At Concordia University Television (CUTV), we have people of all ages joining our volunteer-produced programming every week to be able to tell the stories they feel are important and are clearly not told or misrepresented in the mainstream media.We take pride in what we do and welcome anyone that believes in our mandate to get involved. The power of the media should be used and important breakthroughs can be made thanks to it.Reply ↓	Linda said: July 9, 201105:34What an amazing farewell! Thank you for taking the time to share this publicly. Rest up. Can’t wait to see what you do nextReply ↓	Patrick said: July 9, 201105:35Your article is a well deserved indictment of my generation.We used to have ideals, now we are pathetic wretches.Your generation should be kicking our asses !!Reply ↓	MA said: July 9, 201107:07@Patrick, if only more boomers were as honest as you are…Reply ↓	Randy Reichardt said: July 9, 201110:50.: MA: Do not doubt for a minute that many of us boomers are as honest as Patrick. Many of us are beyond being fed up with the drivel that passes for news reporting and journalism, never mind the ideology that passes for “fair and balanced” reporting on Fox, and its limp-dick little bro in Canada, Sun.Reply ↓	EF said: July 9, 201105:35Very inspiring article….I have myself found my true passions working “in” the Government, but “away” from the politics, helping millions of Canadian from all ages requiring their Government’s assistance. Despite all the controversies, Government do great things too.Wishing you all the luck in finding your pinnacle….Reply ↓	Scribbler said: July 9, 201106:05Plenty of food for thought… have a great journey…Reply ↓	RN said: July 9, 201106:09You started strong, then it became David Suzuki Jr rant. Perhaps you should ping the Ceeb to see if you can take over the mantle at “The Nature of Things”.Reply ↓	Brent Gulanowski said: July 10, 201108:25Down with petty ad hominem attacks. RN, you are a coward.Reply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201118:10Clean up your own backyard.Reply ↓	Camille Labchuk said: July 9, 201106:15Thank you for writing this and for having the courage to say what I know so many in the news media are thinking. Like you, I’ve always felt that the future of our country and our planet is simply too important — we can’t remain neutral and objective (if those two concepts even still exist) when there’s so much at stake.Good luck to you.Reply ↓	ot bear said: July 9, 201106:19I made the same stand in 1972. I was right then and right now. Poor but happy and done everything I wanted so far. Time waits for no one and even though your first 25 were exciting on paper, wait till the next when all the pieces of life settle to a firm path. Then it gets easier. All the bull crap flies off faster and life becomes clear, for you and you alone. Keep that enemies and friends list though.Reply ↓	THE COOKIE WOOKIEE said: July 9, 201106:25Imma say it two times: nigga nigga, stop lyin.Reply ↓	Pat H. said: July 9, 201108:37Perhaps these blog comments should be moderated?Reply ↓	Mark W said: July 9, 201116:25Why?Reply ↓	Richard Andre Dubois said: July 19, 201114:00Imma ask it once.Did you fall in love with your sister before or after you moved out? Or do you still live with ma’n pa(aunty ‘n uncle). Heh heReply ↓	Janet Lynn Sobocan said: July 9, 201106:35All of what you say about the state of ‘journalism’ is true of education. Political correctness and popular ‘knowledge’ has blocked the path to truth. Your article gives me great resolve as I leave the academy in a trail of dust behind me to find myself and my freedom of speech once again.Jan SobocanReply ↓	Lehel Babos said: July 11, 201119:53Here’s to you finding greener pastures as well. I’ve just finished my degree and after taking a year off am shooting for teachers college. Aiming to teach grade 11&12s since I felt like that is where some of my teachers made a *huge* difference in my life. I still keep in touch with some of them and they tell me the same things as you wrote about. Here’s to hoping that with time our generation can change the face of both the media as well as education.Reply ↓	Susan said: July 9, 201106:40Wow! You’re my hero!Reply ↓	TG said: July 9, 201106:42Your story sounds so familiar. 15+ years ago I was in my early 20s, rising fast in a TV network newsroom, when I decided to leave the business for many of the same reasons you did. Fortunately, I was able to hop into the nascent dot-com industry, and that led to the best decade of my life. There will be ups and downs, but based on your clear statement of your values I’m confident that you’ll come through fine. Broke can be corrected in time for a person of your obvious drive, and with family and friends like yours you won’t be homeless.If you’re interested in staying in the game (if not the business) in some form, I may have a lead for you. Or, if you just want to commiserate with someone about the positives and negative aspects of making the decisions we did, and the reasons they were made, please feel free to e-mail me. Either way, I wish you the best going forward.[saw this via Metafilter, by the way]Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201107:00I have a lot more questions than answers when I read well written pieces such as this one and many in the states along with all the comments. It would appear to me that the majority of people are more progressive than the governments in power, so who is voting in the stifling government. I know that here in Canada the majority voted against Harper yet he got a majority of seats. In Quebec no one really wants separation yet the PQ is always poised to take over power. Who are the people who are silent when opinions are being voiced, yet they are the ones putting people in power? Is it because of the famous “apathetic youth non-voters”? How do we get the young out to vote, write letters to editors or make their voices heard louder than it is now? I am sure that the majority of Canadians know there is no need for more prisons, and we don’t all have gun racks in our pick up trucks, we know climate change is real and are perfectly happy with same sex couples having the same rights as all couples. Funny because all the people in power now, where the hippies of the ’60s, what the hell happened to that movement, how could they all just all of a sudden shut up and let the world fall apart? Does everyone, all of a sudden become a drone once they get jobs and kids and mortgages? What happens to the fire in their bellies? See more questions than answers.Reply ↓	Brent Gulanowski said: July 10, 201108:27Perhaps you do not understand our political system, but you should realize that it does not take a majority of voters, much less a majority of citizens, to acquire a majority. It only takes a majority of seats. You can get a majority government with around 20-25% support of citizens.The general ignorance of basic conclusions like that underscore the failure of our political system and our society.Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 10, 201108:36I was being rhetorical. Hoping to get people to think about the unjust election rules and how it may have turned off people. But thanks for the follow up.Reply ↓	heaeecashh said: October 8, 202007:11Muchas gracias. ?Como puedo iniciar sesion?Reply ↓	MA said: July 9, 201107:04I’m speechless and in awe…I wish I had that kind of guts.Congrats… and thanks Kai!Reply ↓	Andrew said: July 9, 201107:11You are courageous.The coverage of the royal visit was disgusting. It did at least show a lot of people what CBC is really all about.Reply ↓	Barbara A said: July 9, 201107:13Kai, very courageous and what all of us in the field should be doing. I’m working on a new project and am looking to gather like minded people, I’ve had several recent discussions on exactly what you have written here. Please get in touch with me. I’d love to share some ideas with you. tobarbazon@yahoo.comReply ↓	Bruce MacLean said: July 9, 201107:16Hope you can keep up the blog as you travel both physically and mentally on your journey.Reply ↓	Robert said: July 9, 201107:19This post is beautifully written, and extremely brave. I look forward to following your observations in the months and years to come, because we desperately need honest, courageous voices like yours. I’m very pleased to see how widely this essay is getting circulated, as It’s popping up on Twitter feeds and Facebook profiles totally unconnected to each other.I wish you good luck!Reply ↓	Barbazon said: July 9, 201107:22Kai, Well said and very true. There are many in the field who feel the same but few willing to do something about it. Please get in touch with me, I have been having the same conversation with people recently and am working on an idea. I would love your input.It’s time to change things.Reply ↓	john delacourt said: July 9, 201107:27This morning I posted this piece on Facebook and was, I’m sure, one of the many who retweeted about it.If any piece of writing merits going viral, this is it.You’ve kept your courage, your heart and your integrity intact and said what needs to be said, especially for those j-school students coming out into the world they didn’t make.For this, and for the clarity and power of all you said here, know that you’ve already gone on to greater things. Congratulations on your new, real life.Reply ↓	Pat H. said: July 9, 201108:39I couldn’t have said it better, John.Reply ↓	Dwayne Winseck's Media Blog said: July 9, 201107:38A beautiful, thoughtful, and reasoned piece. Many thanks for offering your insights on the inside of politics and your own choices as a journo and person. We would all be the better for it if such honest self reflection caught a hold of all of us — journo, politico, or otherwise — more often. best wishes all you do in the time ahead. DWReply ↓	kevin Dougherty said: July 9, 201107:39Having worked with Kai this past year, I can attest he was one of the best and brightest, also funny and fun to be with. I am sure those same qualities will guide him in his next endeavours. So long Kai and all the best!Reply ↓	Geoff Bird said: July 9, 201107:511. Someone better looking than you will replace you.2. Hopefully the groundwork we lay down now will pay dividends in a decade when these boomers start to die off. We’ll have a jarring swing to the left and be stuck picking up the pieces of what remains.3. Hopefully a young, attractive flak is any more effective at changing this country than a young, attracting hack. I’m not so sure though.Reply ↓	Don Landry said: July 9, 201107:55That is one hell of an essay, Kai. You’ve got guts, kid. Good luck to you, sir!Reply ↓	Susan said: July 9, 201107:57What an eloquent missive! I would vote for you if you ran for office…please do!!!Canada is in desperate need of a thoughtful, progressive and passionate leader!Reply ↓	Dave said: July 9, 201108:003,000 words and not one mention that he was schtooping the weather girl? What a rip.Reply ↓	sportsgrl said: July 9, 201108:01What a tremendous article. Delivers the sentiment of so many Canadians that are disheartened by the direction that our country that we used to be so proud of, is headed.Good luck on future endeavours.Reply ↓	Vanessa said: July 9, 201108:09Good for you – I did the same thing years ago. I was working as a publicist – a fun but ultiately vapid and meaningless life. I turned thirty and decided to give up the money, the parties, and the connections in pursuit of finding a life that I could have faith in – not religious faith – but a moral faith nonetheless.It was terrifying. I had no plan, no money and no degree to back me up – all I had was a sure, true feeling to guide me.I packed up and gave away everything I owned and lived out of a back pack in various Latin American countries for two yeas. I returned to Canada and went back to school to become a journalist.And despite agreeing with a lot of what you wrote – objectivity in journalism is a farce, and strips the humanity out of a story – I still beleive in the art of journalism, and I have been to places that need it so desperately. I have seen another side and told the stories of those who are exploited, impoverished, and abused.I know there are few outlets that even pretend to have any interest in the human condition, but I think that is changing. I am aware that maybe I believe it because I need to, but I am not alone in wanting this, in fighting for it.Change is slow, but it is coming. Just ask the guys at News of the World. 🙂I hope you don’t leave those of us who still believe in the power of telling a story – we need people with clear vision, a strong voice and the ability to give others insight into the lives of others,Good luck.Reply ↓	Hanna Jane said: July 9, 201108:191. Marry me.2. Failing that, you’ve got a spot on my Vancouver sofa for as long as you need.Reply ↓	unaart said: July 9, 201108:33Just a message of support and admiration from someone who took similar steps in the last month leaving a high-ranking, high-paying job in the Canadian (print) media at a young age.You’re not alone. Enjoy your journey.Reply ↓	Pingback: If you read one thing today… | The Dearlovefrancesco sorbara said: July 9, 201108:39As stated in other posts canada is deep need of people like you. Your opinions and understanding that you bring forth of what is happening in the country needs to be told to all canadians. We need leaders many of them to step forth and return this country to a progressive force again in the future and in this world .Reply ↓	Mathieu Trudeau said: July 9, 201108:45Bravo, jeune homme! Onwards and upwards… Je te souhaite plénitude et courage pour le chemin qui se dresse devant toi, quel qu’il soit…Reply ↓	Renée said: July 9, 201108:5424 years old… you are very wise for your years Kai. Yet, I still cringed at the fact that as QC bureau CHIEF…you were BORN the year of the Meech Lake Accord!I quit my producer job at the CBC at 33… the tipping point for me… the coverage of the death of Princess Diana…Life is short, if what you do doesn’t jive with who you are….sokudos to you for having the courage and honesty to be who you really are!Many may think you are out of your mind…but you have to be out of your mind to follow your heart! And the only way to change the world…is to change yourself… be the change that you seek and it will become so. xoReply ↓	George Daszkowski said: July 9, 201108:59A true act of citizenship seldom seem. Sir, you have my admiration.Please keep a public site so we can follow you and also use you as a measuring stick to compare others who would call themselves journalists.I must also admit to your making me feel a bit smug as I have stopped watching CTV news for many of the reasons you sight, adding the presence of Lloyd the Cadaver on deck, anything for the appearance of credibility.I hope this is the fulcrum for many of the desperately need discussions about the state of our democracy and the elements needed to maintain it for the futureReply ↓	amlay said: July 9, 201109:05A musical suggestion to begin your self-discovery: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH0gduW1j5QReply ↓	Lana said: July 9, 201109:09Best of luck on your journey, sir… and thank you.Reply ↓	Observant said: July 9, 201109:13A bleeding heart, immature, confused person … so obvious.Canada is full of these tender minds.Reply ↓	Sue W said: July 9, 201114:06Well, these “tender minds” object to the selling out of truth for the sight of Kate’s bum. That sounds quite mature. How does that make him a bleeding heart?Do you stoop, tugging your forelock before these celebrities, like all the other peasants?Reply ↓	Kind of Blue said: July 9, 201115:29What would you have him do? Continue kissing the ring for a chance to buy a house and, in the process, perpetuate the same destructive political and journalistic structures we all currently endure?Is it smarter to attempt to win “the game”? Get that anchor’s job or move into the executive? At what cost?I see the eroding of our middle class everywhere I look and, collectively, this country has no answer. In fact, we chose to elect a government that will attack the middle class and our welfare state continuously over the next four years. Our media stands by, the abiding stenographers.No, Observant, those who prefer a chance to drink from the cup of corporate greed might not be “tender minds,” but their hardened minds – selfish – will pull this country further from our 20th century position of global leadership.We need to think – and SPEAK – about how we are choosing to live together. Whether this party or that party will raise taxes is an utterly asinine bifurcation that results in nothing but idiocy and terrible public representation.To add to what was put so finely in The West Wing, no only do we need “politics in full sentences” but media, too.Reply ↓	Chris A. said: July 9, 201109:23Wow! You are both strong and brave. You should write a book about your career and your epiphany. Maybe you can get on The Daily Show and discuss it with Jon Stewart.This is indeed sad for my country, Canada. With Stephen Harper behind the wheel, we are heading down the same right wing ideological path that the United States has headed and has gone into the ditch. I would like to think we are smarter than that. But, after the last federal election, I’m not so sure anymore.Reply ↓	Sonya Targett said: July 9, 201109:28I appreciate your honesty, and admire your passion. Its terrible whats happening to our media, and I hope that more people come out to say enough of this bullshit!also I had no idea that ctv was bought by Bell…If only more people took their jobs to heart like you do, perhaps this would be a much better world. Thank you for all your hard work.Perhaps you could even become an independant reporter who isin’t part of a giant corperation. Give us the real news without all the hype and BS. I’d surely donate to that. ❤Reply ↓	db designs said: July 9, 201109:30Well said and well done. Congrats Kai, to have that level of insight at any age is awesome but at yours? Wow. I look forward to following your adventures.Reply ↓	Joey Jack said: July 9, 201109:44Great article!I’m graduating from Jschool next year and I’m freaking out about the biz. When I interview Chomsky he said “schools will talk to you about ‘objectivity,’ and it was the day after our class had the discussion about that very subject.He didn’t have nice things to say about “objectivity.”Thanks again for your bravery.j2Reply ↓	Kind of Blue said: July 9, 201115:31I hope the result of your class’ conversation about objectivity was an understanding that there is no such thing as objectivity.It is a construct and it has consequences.Reply ↓	Randy Hawes said: July 9, 201109:50Bravo for you! I, and millions upon millions of Canadians, couldn’t agree more with everything you have stated here. Now the real hard part – turn these words into actionsReply ↓	Stephen Karr said: July 9, 201110:06We need more of this, much more of this, in Canada. There is too much at stake. Thank you for your courage in taking this stand.Reply ↓	Renato Zane said: July 9, 201110:16You’ve written a very powerful and poignant personal essay, Kai. As someone who works in television, I share your concerns and frustration. All I can say is that sooner or later, probably through the growth of stronger voices in the digital domain, the tide will turn and we will create a better system for governance and public accountability. The main impulse of television networks is to attract mass audiences and make money for shareholders. To think of them as something different is, I fear, an antiquated notion. They compete mainly through Hollywood deals for American programming and attractive sports rights; fine. Journalism will eventually need to find another home. But I’m convinced it will adapt and thrive. Voters will wake up one day and demand better information to make better decisions. Journalists will be there to serve that need.Reply ↓	Dominic Aebi said: July 9, 201110:16Much respect for making the hard choices, Kai. Choosing an uncertain future over a steady pay takes guts.You touched on the topics of science and academia, something I have a good share of experience with.It’s pretty interesting that a lot of what you see wrong with newstelevision are things I see happening on the academic scene. Today’s Canadian universities are run like businesses, and cater their programs more to what they want coming in (tuition money and endowments) and less to what they have coming out (increasingly underqualified, unemployable graduates). The same type of thinking that is causing a drop in the quality of our news coverage is reducing the quality of our university graduates. I might be totally out to lunch here, but I think the two share a lot of similarities.Thanks for getting my mind working on some of these issues. And for shining a light on a scene that I didn’t know much about.Good luck.Reply ↓	kainagata said: September 1, 201123:27Hi Dominic, can you shoot me a direct message with your contact info on facebook or Twitter? Thanks.Reply ↓	Magdalena said: July 9, 201110:16It would be good if Canadians saw the country for what it is. Not a glory filled democracy but a vast piece of the planet that humans have not as yet managed to screw up for a few thousand years (or more.) Very similar to Russia and China really if we care to admit it.Welcome to the coperative universe where 1 does what can do with conviction and grace.Mmmmagdalena @ Flying Hands FarmReply ↓	Jessica Diane Steiner said: July 9, 201110:17This was so refreshing and inspiring to read and I wish you all the best on your path! Nothing but great things can come of being so honest, true, and passionate about your integrity and your contribution to putting out good in the world.Reply ↓	Richard Zurawski said: July 9, 201110:23Hi KaiI am a PhD student (MSVU Halifax) and long time media participant (TV Radio Print etc). This is a stunning treatise. I would like to speak with you further. Please contact me. Would love to chat. Also my latest book “Media Mediocrity-Waging War Against Science, How the Television Makes Us Stoopid” (Fernwood Publications) might be of interest to you. In the interim…all the bestReply ↓	schmutzie said: July 9, 201110:26I made a similar decision to quit a job that served neither me nor others very well, and the road to fulfilment, while poorer, is far richer.All the best to you.Reply ↓	Megan Otton said: July 9, 201110:33The whole asbestos fiasco makes me ashamed of being Canadian too. Thank you for expressing many ideas that i hoped were not as bad as they seemed about tv news and the Harper government. Keep up the good fight as a guerilla.Reply ↓	HooDatIS? said: July 9, 201110:36glad u quithttp://ethicalfutures.wordpress.com/Reply ↓	Tara said: July 9, 201110:37I was a journalist at a right-wing daily paper for three years. Wrote about crime. So much of my job was about `beating` the other daily in town to sell papers, not tell an important story (and besides the journalists, who ever compares two dailies in the same city every day to see who won this pathetic contest of one-upmanship?) I often felt sick about what I was doing.But I was too scared to quit and have no income, so I held on until I got another job. You have vocalized here what I couldn`t put into words. I have since done an intensive course of spiritual growth, and wouldn`t go back for anything. Just thinking about it turns my stomach. Congratulations. I am particularly impressed that your post doesn`t come off as judgemental of the media. You don`t sound like you`re coming from a place of superiority. You`re just stating facts, perhaps with some sadness. And that shows me you`re already in a very strong place of spirituality. The best way to make change is not from a place of anger, but from a place of hope. And you`re there.Reply ↓	Joey Schwartz said: July 9, 201110:37Great piece! As another former broadcast media worker and reservist, I salute you. Takes guts to do what you did. I truly hope that Canadian media doesn’t descend to the depths of its American cousins, but your article only suggests that given time, we’ll be joining the race to the bottom, if we haven’t already.What do you see as the means to stop or reverse this trend in TV news journalism?Reply ↓	Brooke Binkowski said: July 9, 201110:41I’m so glad I’m not the only reporter who has come to this conclusion. Please let us all know what you find. I’ve concluded that striking out on my own is the only way I can be true to myself… but it’s really difficult when you get it drummed into your head that leaving reporting or not being a well-known face or name means you’re a failure.Best of luck to you.Reply ↓	LESLIE STECHER said: July 9, 201110:41Leslie StecherSome bridges are better burned. How brave. And enlightening. Harper’s control and religion scares the shit out of me. His faith controls his politics. His ignorance grows with every donation to the party from big business.The networks air drivel. I have quit watching since the royal couple touched down.Best of luck on your next venture.Reply ↓	larry elford said: July 9, 201110:42Way to go Kai. You are moving from simply being human, with all the failings that come with that label, to becoming humane. This is growth far ahead and above of little things like a paycheque.I hope you follow your bliss, and learn how to change the world for the better. I made my own changes from an ethically bankrupt investment industry and have not looked back. ( http://www.breachoftrust.ca )cheers and bestlarry elfordalbertaReply ↓	Andrea Stewart said: July 9, 201110:43Kai, I admire your honesty and courage: the honesty with yourself for listening to that gut-level dissatisfaction for what you are doing; the courage for naming why that is and for following through with decision to live what you believe.I work in television too – on the ‘factual entertainment’ side. Occasionally, I am involved with documentary projects that have meaning, but all too often I find myself disillusioned by what a sausage factory this ‘industry’ has become. Most people that make this kind of television have no specific training in journalism standards, and that type of rigor is rarely, if ever observed – the excuse is that the entertainment trumps the factual. Although, no one is really interested in fact, let alone truth – because what we really want is drama. And that’s on the side of the makers and the viewers as well. I believe viewers have some savvy to guess that there are somethings that might be made-up in the process, by do they have the ability to parse out what is fact, spin and ‘storytelling’? And if we pretend to offer the news or something factual, should we be asking them to, or should we be holding ourselves to a higher standard?It’s not just sad – it’s unconscionable for media to play unchallenged in the netherworld between what is real and what they’d like to believe is real, because it makes a good story.I respect your decision and it makes it easier for me to commit to a time line to my own ripcord day….Reply ↓	gil said: July 9, 201110:50Wonderful! Best of luck to you in the future!Reply ↓	bahador zabihiyan said: July 9, 201110:55Nicely written, very interesting! All the best!Reply ↓	agathabrammahonline said: July 9, 201110:57InterestingReply ↓	AJ said: July 9, 201111:02I spent last night hanging my head in shame, listening to an American tell me that his father died because of asbestos. The Daily Show has a skit over the stance Canada is taking on asbestos. Science is used by our government when it conveniently serves Harpers economic policies. And scientists are discarded when they don’t. Tangentially, like in the recent (2009? 2010?) case of killing the tax-free post-doctoral funding policy, which allowed Canada to compete for prime scientific researchers we couldn’t otherwise afford.Thanks for writing this. It’s interesting to read someone who shares my own opinions, albeit argued from a different perspective (I frame Harper’s government outcomes in terms of his grab for votes and his focus on money at all costs, not in terms of religious ideology). Good luck with your next step.Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201111:05I have to chime in again. Some are writing here about baby-boomers and how they have ruined everything. I don’t know where I fall in, in the timeline, it keeps changing, but I am 46, progressive and I feel that there are many people in my age group that hate what is happening. I vote, the one power I have. I write letters to editors, I write letters to MPs, I write letters to MNAs in Quebec. I voice my opinion on blogs. I engage friends to think (differently), yet many are stuck in their suburban, minivan, pay-check to pay-check lifestyle sold to them by people in power, it is more appealing to have things you can’t afford it seems because it is sold as sexy. People, young and old have to vote, have to write letters and have to unite the left to have one voice. This blog, this subject, will soon blow away when we are all relaxing in the summer sun, but it shouldn’t. Stay engaged. The internet is your tool, fill it up with your truth. The election is many years away, but starting today you could lay the groundwork for change. Baby steps.Reply ↓	Sam said: July 11, 201111:51I am in my early 40s and am a suburban, minivan owning, paycheque to paycheque parent of 3 children. I think differently and want things to change as much as you do. Please don’t think that just because we live in suburbia, we don’t want the same things for our country as you. I vote for what I believe in, write letters and voice my opinion. I also educate my children about how not be treated in the workplace and to treat other people and our world with dignity and respect.I too work for Bell Media in a middle management position and can certainly attest that it is not a progressive company. Like most other major corporations, money is paramount and is made at the expense of the employees. I have left several similarly sized companies for this very reason and have come to the conclusion that if one is going to work for a big company, these are the conditions in which you will work (for the time being).Congratulations Mr. Nagata for your courage. I am certain my children know that I would completely support them financially and emotionally if they were faced with making a similar decision.Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 11, 201112:10Why do you live paycheque to paycheque? Is it because you have taken on more than you could afford and/or need? Change things for yourself first, then everything else will follow. Don’t follow the marketing of the corporations that you need a minivan, or a huge house in the ‘burbs. Downsize now, avoid the rush…Reply ↓	D_Abes said: July 11, 201116:16Here’s the thing, The boomers that are “dying off”, were the Kai’s of the 60’s. Peace and love man, far out. Age tempers ideology. 20 years from now I put odds down he’ll be one of those he rants about.Reply ↓	ottawa said: July 9, 201111:07this was truly a fantasic article and it overjoys me to think that other canadians in my generation are wise to what’s going on in our government and our media. i really hope you succeed in whatever you pursue. having worked in the federal government, i can agree that it’s an almost sisyphean battle to make truly lasting change.Reply ↓	Jenn said: July 9, 201111:12Bravo Kai! The corporate media have but one aim – making money – they exist purely to make a profit for their shareholders – end of story. The sooner the sheeple realize this the better. Best of luck to you and your future endeavours!Reply ↓	Rod Murray said: July 9, 201111:19An extraordinarily thoughtful, and challenging piece. Too bad it will fall on too many deaf ears in Parliament, more than a few who are more concerned about their pensions than potentially catastrophic issues we face. Bravo! Brave!Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201111:24Remember when the U.S was at “war” during the Bush years the only thing the news was running hot and heavy were stories about idiot celebrities and hotel heiresses coming out of cars with no panties or being stopped for drunk driving or neglecting their children. What happened to them? Why is it that when right wing people are in office we get fluff news, yet they sell themselves as lovers of their country, and wholesome family values. But they are the ones with darks pasts, drunken accidents, male washroom fun times, knocked up unmarried teen daughters, marital infidelities and multiple divorces. But when there is a left leaning party in power we are told by the right that now we will have wild naked people running through our streets and we will be married to animals, but in turn we have civil caring people governing. Why does the right always have the loudest bullhorn? How disgusting was it to see Harper shoving his tongue down his wife’s through at the Falls during the campaign and what the hell was his over the hill wife wearing, mini dress and hip boots, while they watched the royal wedding. Who are the skanks. Family values. Skeletons in closets more like it.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201113:03“Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.” – Samuel Johnsonbonus:“Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.” – Isaac AsimovReply ↓	Ken in NVan said: July 13, 201113:11You mean.. like the Kennedys at Chappaquiddick or Eliot Spitzer or Barney Frank or Whitewater/Paula Jonesgate/Lewinskygate or John Edwards? Or.. like Jack Layton in a “Rub n Tug” parlor? Or Shawinigate & the Sponsorship scandal & the APEC Summit scandal? Be more specific… which right-wing scandal are you talking about?Oh.. wait a sec…Reply ↓	Andrew J Dupree said: July 9, 201111:28I know exactly what you mean man. In fact, I recently decided to do some volunteer work in the developing world instead of getting a well paying job in the first place. This world needs more people who will open their eyes to the problems we are facing, and commit themselves to becoming part of the solution. I’m sure you’re going to do great things!Reply ↓	James said: July 9, 201111:32Why’s he talking about CBC?Is he saying CBC is going downhill and CTV is following it since Bell bought it?Reply ↓	Heather S said: July 9, 201111:41I don’t know you, but I am so proud of you.I know how scary what you are doing is: in September I moved from Vancouver to Ottawa, without knowing what really awaited me. I moved here to push Stephen Harper to request the repatriation of Omar Khadr. We cannot allow the legacy we leave our children and grandchildren that of a country who abandoned a tortured Canadian child.I wish you a soul-filling next step on your journey, and I can’t wait to see what it is.With admiration,HeatherReply ↓	Doreen Taylor-Claxton said: July 9, 201111:42Young man,Run for the leadership of the liberal party.Please.Reply ↓	p said: July 9, 201115:42No way. New party. Fresh.Reply ↓	gracie said: July 9, 201112:01I was the same age as you when I quit a nice journalism job in Montreal and moved to Vancouver Island. Good luck, and no regrets!Reply ↓	David Tinker said: July 9, 201112:03I write a column for a community weekly newspaper. Reading your magnificent essay, I realise how fortunate I am that its publishers allow complete freedom to their editors, reporters and columnists. Within the normal bounds of libel laws, good taste and courtesy we can print whatever we think is right, and I am glad to be able to thank them for this. But here’s the point: they are not dependent on big corporate advertisers, so they are free to do what newspapers are supposed to do. As soon as you enter the big corporate world you lose that freedom. So Kai, I hope you find a small mountaintop somewhere and keep on telling the truth. Live long and prosper!Reply ↓	QC said: July 9, 201112:06Thanks for sharing your world…all the best.Reply ↓	Francis Wooby said: July 9, 201112:07Congratulations on your courage for taking action based on your convictions. I very much appreciate your honesty about the inherent contradiction and tension between business and journalism. And I applaud your refusal to continue accepting these vapid, distracting “news” stories populating the headlines when many far more important matters go ignored.However, I am a little concerned over all the reverence for John Stewart, Stephen Colbert and the like, as there are lesser known, more research-based thinkers who don’t earn their living making entertaining comments about politics, and thus cashing in on our passions. I don’t know how constructive it is answering the right’s parade of clownish “journalists” and other poop-disturbers with a left-based pool of jokers and jesters. I concede that they play an important part in past and current society, but so to do the more even-keeled academics, policy analysts and others who refute what the “right” is doing. Even though they are dull, they need to be listened to.Again, thank you so much for showing integrity and sharing your story. And all my best wishes for your future adventures.Reply ↓	Michael Ignatieff said: July 9, 201112:07Good for you. Courageous, thoughtful, desperately needed. Don’t go back. Don’t give in. Keep it up. Sent to me by a young friend, and I hope it ricochets around the whole country. Michael IgnatieffReply ↓	Randal Marlin said: July 10, 201111:47If you mean that, why didn’t you do more to support the private member’s bill to control the environmental impact and ethical behaviour of Canadian mining companies abroad?Reply ↓	Allison Ulan said: July 9, 201112:09Thank for this blog article that shows that intelligence is neither conservative or liberal. It is seeing the real situation in front of us. Keep reporting, writing and communicating with compassion and wisdom.Reply ↓	Ian Murray said: July 9, 201112:14This piece should be required reading ( and required understanding ) for all Canadians, as it speaks of the need for a realistic approach to broadcasting in general. Congratulations for having the courage and conviction to do the right thing, I am certain you will be back on the public scene and will look forward to watching your future success. We can all learn a lesson from your resolve.Reply ↓	Alanah said: July 9, 201112:19The great mecca of our generation is the job you can do entirely as yourself. You may have to create it, but it is possible! Trust someone who has done it (and who does lots of free “journalism”, no dry-cleaning provided). Take care, have a great adventure, and I hope to bump into you in Montreal.Reply ↓	Pingback: Wake Up Call For Nancy Grace and Her Friends » Stuff ChannelBetty-Anne Juba said: July 9, 201112:25To be true to one’s self and stand up to speak and take action – in today’s culture is truly heroic. I wish you well and do believe that you will find that one place where you can make a further difference.Reply ↓	Stella Johnson said: July 9, 201112:30So young and so wise!!!:)Reply ↓	Maybeline said: July 9, 201112:30I’ve never heard of your before I read this, but I really enjoyed it. Very honest and very interesting. Thank you.Reply ↓	Evadne Macedo said: July 9, 201112:39Kai: You’ve already made a difference to those of us who’ve long suspected we’re not getting the real story from the media. Congratulations on this brave move & the opportunities ahead of you. My interest is in connecting stories to social change, so I’ll be rooting for you & watching to see what you do next. Good luck!Evadne MacedoReply ↓	Liz O said: July 9, 201112:45Hey Kai! Amazing article, damn, you are articulate as all git out. The atmosphere you were in sounds stifling. We here in Vancouver were all proud and impressed of all the work you did to get to where you were, but I did wonder about the challenges of being told what stories to tell people. You have so much talent, you just need to find out were to point it, as it were.And I can see why having to cover Will and Kate might lead to this…Good luck to ye! Love ya Fuzzy,LizReply ↓	sd said: July 9, 201113:12we will never convert those who have ‘seen the light’ because it has blinded them to facts and reason all together. i know first hand, my mother is the very base on which harper stands.we can start by getting rid of the idea that some how we can use television as a medium to get ideas to the people.television is bread and circuses all day everyday. it has done what it was always meant to– pacify the populace, and take their money.we have to move on to new ideas, new ways of delivering facts.how do we get this new generation, probably the best educated in the last 10,000 years, engaged enough to be outraged that their future is being mortgaged off for their parents and their grand parents lifestyle. how do we get them to think of their future?we have to answer these questions and fast. we can. think of what has happened in the last fifty years, the inventions, new way of doing things. there are people out there who can see a different way to think, who have fresh ideas, who can invent the next social medium….the generation harper has counted on, lets face it, they are coming up to the end run. we can stop them from getting new converts. we can change the world, it’s been done before….right in-front of our eyes we watch it crumble. we started it, we have to do something about it.you’ve done a very elegant, broad first step. who’s next?Reply ↓	Sue W said: July 9, 201114:13Good comment. imo we have to start the way the Reform party rebuilt the Con movement in Canada. At the grassroots. Get a local thing going, build out to like minds across the nation and beyond.Reply ↓	Jennifer Whittall said: July 9, 201113:15You made my day, Kai! Come to Fernwood in Victoria & we will make you welcome. We harbour your own hopes & fears.Busy making wood-block prints on strictly non-commercial subjects & loving our neighbourhood ~ some free thinkers still existJenny & Cec!Reply ↓	Barb P said: July 9, 201113:18Wow. I’m glad I follow Margaret Atwood so that I read this. Wow. On your travels westward, please consider touching base with Magda Havas, Trent U. Happy & Safe travels to you.Reply ↓	Pingback: Why Kai Nagata quit his job « Stephen Rees's blogDawn Kuisma said: July 9, 201113:29Welcome.Reply ↓	Peter Manousakos said: July 9, 201113:31Kai,I do wish you the best. But frankly, I think you’re going on a narcissistic binge. Which is fine. We’re all entitled to one on occasion and I am just as guilty. Kai, external powers like the fate of journalism, politics and social progress had nothing to do with this next chapter in your life and you, as an individual will effect very little universal change. It is based on the false premise that your generation (god I feel old writing that) like the baby boomers before mine are entitled to self-actualization. You are not. None of us are. Go on your travels, explore, meditate and contemplate to your hearts content, but your journey will remain the same no matter what you do, where you go and how you do it. It sounds like I’m bursting your bubble but I’m not. Just because the journey remains the same regardless of our actions, doesn’t mean we shouldn’t explore other roads along that journey. Different scenery provides perspective and you’re smart enough to benefit from it. However, your reasons for trying this path are weak at best and irresponsible at worst. But here’s the kicker, going on it will still be meaningful if you enter it with the right frame of mind. Right now, I think you need to work on that. Having said that…enjoy your life.On a personal note where I risk revealing myself as a tad hypocritical, I left Montreal because I wanted to live in London. Simple. The fact that I didn’t have to deal with silly french language laws and oligarch orchestrated regulatory restrictions was merely a plus and I must admit, I did bask in it for a while:)P.S. Going back to family and roots for a while is always a smart move and I applaud you for having the good sense to do that. Most people your age are too fearful of guilt and criticism to do that. You’re a lucky soul in that you have a wonderful family like mine and know – that you can go home again – well, for a little while anyway.Good luck to you and safe travels.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201113:08And if I might add this tongue-in-cheek counterpoint…“Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee. But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren? And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!”Not a conservative family-oriented guy, that Jesus. 😉Reply ↓	Pingback: Politics: from the belly of the beast to the depths of our heartsCol said: July 9, 201113:41“A few are raging narcissists.”No offence but I think you should include yourself in this post. You just wrote an enormous post about yourself basically, including lots of pictures about yourself. If you really cared about today’s press, you could have worked to change it from within.Instead you gave up and gave in.Reply ↓	Andrew J Dupree said: July 9, 201113:53I’ve seen a few comments to this effect, and I must disagree. Why spend 10, 15, 20 years – one’s youth – working one’s way up a stagnant corporate ladder only to arrive at a place where the chance to make change is small, at best (especially with a rise in corporate interests)?How many of Kai’s (and my) generation really sit down and watch networks like CTV anyway? Very few. No, if Kai is really interested in working against the troubling paradigm shifts in Canadian politics and media, in getting his generation informed, active, and engaged, there are much more effective avenues out there. I think he’s gone looking for them, and for that I applaud him.Reply ↓	Stephane Gaudette said: July 11, 201117:04How can you change things from within when you’re broke and the powers that be are multi millionaires??Think before you press enterReply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201118:16First you need to have vision.Some empire were built with vision.Money is not important if the vision is powerfull enough:Gates, Walton, Buffet, Canergie all did it.They were not in the system.So thinking and having vision is the first thing need before pressing enter.Seems there is a lot of vision in Kay’s text.You seem to have some, please share it with us.Being inside an organization at the bottom gives you no possibility to change anything.Further more, sharks in the organization will make sure you do not reach their level because they are afraid of loosing their jobs.So as long as mister Nagata stays on the field, the power hungry higher management are happy.Seems Kai took the right decision and doing it at his age was the right one.Basically we are in agreement, someone trying to do ad hominem attack (attack the messenger) shows that he can not attack the message.Seems to me, that extracting part of a sentece from context and removing the needed details to put the sentence in context is using the same tactics as Fox.Does not make it true, but we have to respect the way used to derived the conversation.Just mean the guy had nothing to say or no time to read carefully.Also could gun for hire who are paid for posting against Kai.Not sure about the motive, but when I look at this kind of reply… I would (if I would be you) not even loose time over this.Remember someone with no intelligent argument post on this board and does ad hominem attack on Kai…Who is the narcist?Basically, I am just saying that you are answering to someone that does not even diserve your spit.Just look at me igoring this guy.He has proven his real value.Going back to Fox… When you end up on this channel by accident, what do you do?You just go to the next channel.Even weather channel is better than fox: at least they are right sometimes…Reply ↓	Col said: July 9, 201113:45PS. A TV reporter without a TV! Bizarre. It’s a like a chef without an oven.But good luck anyhow. Personally, even though I despise them, I would give up my right pinkie finger for a job at Fox News for a year. I’d delight in trying to change mindsets there. You could have done the same at CTV.Reply ↓	Stephane Gaudette said: July 11, 201117:06You’d be fired within 30 seconds at FoxReply ↓	Brad Goodspeed said: July 9, 201113:48Kai, a lovely and inspiring read. I flirted with the idea of pursuing journalism but was wary of some of the same concerns, at least in a very general way. (I’ve worked at CTV and CBC also, but as a designer) I agree wholeheartedly with what seems to be your perspective – that large parts of the machinery of society are broken, and that the time to fix them is limited. Good for you for pursuing something better.In the meantime however I have a question for you. Would you consider yourself a skeptic, as in part of the skeptical movement? Based on some of what I’ve read here I wonder. If so, or in any case, get in touch sometime. Based on the number of comments here I know how hard it is to reply to everything (I had a piece of content go viral once also) but it might be nice to keep in touch.Cheers sir, and good luck!Reply ↓	Daniel Ducharme said: July 9, 201113:49If you ever run for office , and I have a chance to vote for you , I will. Don’t waste your time doing anything else , we need people like you leading this countryReply ↓	Deanna Toxopeus said: July 9, 201113:49Thank you for this impassioned, reasonable article. I am impressed that you had the courage to do this, yet I am saddened to have lost your voice. I hope that you come back to the public realm soon. We need to hear you.Reply ↓	Todd van der Heyden said: July 9, 201113:51Hey buddy…you’ve clearly given this a lot of thought and decided your calling is elsewhere. Whether folks agree or not, there are some important things written here to reflect on and ponder. We developed a great rapport over the past year and I’m going to miss you, your talent, your perspective and your A storytelling. And I wish you all the best on all the roads life takes you down.ToddReply ↓	Sheldon said: July 11, 201106:12Come on, Todd. Say what you’re really thinking…but, then again, that would be CTV News’ intellectual property, wouldn’t it?Reply ↓	Jesse Winter said: July 9, 201113:53I can’t do any better job than you just did yourself of describing why your actions are so vitally important, so all that I’ll say is this.I’m a 24- yr- old j-school student currently working a Sun Media internship with the Banff Crag and Canyon and the Canmore Leader, just outside of Calgary. I still honestly believe that journalism, real journalism, can and will save the world, but only if it’s pursued by people who believe in the power of words to stop bullets.People like you.I also have a couch, and some friendly contacts at the Rose ‘n Crown.If you want a rousing debate about the sad state of our media environment, or simply a place to crash and a delicious Albertan pint before you do, don’t hesitate to give me a shout.-Jesse WinterCanmore, Alta.Reply ↓	Jesse Winter said: July 9, 201113:54I also couldn’t help but notice that you have a mountain bike hanging over the tailgate of your truck. that is rad, and Canmore is a great place to shred….just sayin’Reply ↓	Sue W said: July 9, 201114:22Hey, Kai..come for a stay in Eastern Ontario if you need to stop for a while…you’ll have all you need for as long as you want.Reply ↓	Pingback: What’s Wrong with Television Journalism – JordonCooper.comLawrence McCurry said: July 9, 201114:41Welcome to the revolution. always room for another media critic, sorry we don’t get paid for what we report on here. There’s no money in telling the truth.http://canadaawakes.blogspot.com/2010/08/globalization-in-canada.htmlReply ↓	spencer said: July 9, 201114:41Don’t agree with your views politically, but I agree with the narative. Critique is important, and the media isn’t providing it. Fluff pieces about a rich young couple or the latest pop culture craze does nothing to enhance the national conversation.Reply ↓	Green Rabbit said: July 9, 201114:47I’m so excited that you exist in the world!!Reply ↓	Kate said: July 9, 201114:50A great piece that really demonstrates to me why your voice & analysis might have been wasted in TV news. Even if it’s the way these stories are best told, it’s not really how they get consumed. As a young-ish adult, I also experienced a similar need to find an alternate path – I’m still looking but generally feel better about my life outside the box.Thanks for sharing, and I look forward to hearing more from you in the future.Reply ↓	maggie muggins said: July 9, 201115:02Wow, just wow! One big strike against the Murdochs of the world! I too know the joy of leaving the corporate world out of utter distaste, verging on disgust. May the gods and goddesses be with you, with all of us really, in these bizarre times where up is down and right is wrong.As for boomers – I’m 63 and am more politically aware and active than I ever was in the 60s. We didn’t have the internet back then, and were stoned much of the time. 😉 Though there’s something to be said for dancing during the Revolution. We did start something though. It just ain’t finished yet. It’s called Freedom.Reply ↓	Amber Victor said: July 9, 201115:04Great article, a perfect tap-out.“where my own opinions and values were carefully strained out.”The above should be the norm in reporting, any agency that uses the word News or implication of being ‘News’ should report WITHOUT personal opinion or spin attached to the ‘news’.Once anyone reporting the news stops reporting facts dry and factual it becomes a biased commentary which is not news.Colbert, I like because he doesn’t claim to be reporting news.He doesn’t pretend to NOT spin it.You are so right society wants to hear things that please them even if it means adding to a false and dysfunctional reality.It has become a pick the channel that coddles your reality.You know something is amiss when Fox and MSNBC report the same event but really it doesn’t seem they both attended the same event. If reporting has no bias then no one channel would have a weighed following.Instead of reporting news, successful corporations like FOX chose a demographic to appeal to. Like you said it pays more to say things in a way the viewer demographic wants to hear.A news program should not worry about milking the most money from their news program.Sure fire an annoying journalist who is unlikeable based on their appearance, sound of their voice or mannerisms, sucks but that’s the biz. But if people want to tune out because they simple do not like the truth and not being spoon fed how they should feel. let the find a commentary program.Those of us that value the facts do not show up in ratings because we gave up years ago trusting TV broadcast news.We were once loyal viewers who got sick of filtering through the spins to get to the truth.I appreciate your VERY honest and accurate assessment but I also see that you had to tap out because you do feel your opinion should be injected. It sounds lie i woudl agree with your opinions but that is not the point.A journalist should not sway the viewer or try it just shouldn’t be a job where one expects to be ‘heard’.Reply ↓	Kind of Blue said: July 9, 201115:40A journalist is making an argument whether they choose to be explicit about their political opinions or not.There is no news that does not contain an opinion. Obscuring it is, often, more dangerous.Reply ↓	Marcia K. Wilbur said: July 9, 201115:07To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.(unknown source)Congratulations!Reply ↓	DJ said: July 9, 201116:42It’s a shame that integrity (and action) like yours is so sparse. Your courage inspires, I’ll be forwarding your words to anyone who’ll listen. Although, I’m sure many are thirsty to hear more and I have a feeling this may only be the beginning for you. Take care and stay strong!“To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.” Elbert HubbardReply ↓	anotherformerjournalislt said: July 9, 201115:12Hello Kai,I’m another former journalist who left at a young age. Kudos. While you’re figuring things out, I would humbly suggest youtubing Eckhart Tolle to help with the spiritual side of things as you begin your new journey. His books are excellent. You were clearly suffering, and the insane thing to do is to just keep up the illusions and keep on suffering. All the best.Reply ↓	Mrs. K said: July 9, 201115:12Sorry, but I don’t find this piece to be as enlightening or as “brave” as some are making it out to be. To be blunt, this rant is a little self indulgent and pretty obvious.Reply ↓	Hans Moleman said: July 9, 201115:22Get over yourself. You are a 24 year old, wet behind the ears, kid. You just aren’t that important. There will be any number of mindless drones ready to step in and carry on.Reply ↓	maggie muggins said: July 9, 201115:29“There will be any number of mindless drones ready to step in and carry on.”Isn’t that the topic of the article? That our culture is producing mindless drones? Sheesh. Sad world that produces such apathy.Reply ↓	Bill said: July 9, 201115:25Dude! respectfully..ever heard of NEWSPEAK?…George Orwell, 1984? THAT is your battle. CFR, TLC, BB, CoR,…..Reply ↓	Bob Dickerson said: July 9, 201115:30Sounds like the “manifesto” of a bitter person. Kai, enjoy your vacation – you certainly need it and I hope it is a long one . . .Reply ↓	Chris A. said: July 9, 201116:38Thanks for your ignorant opinion, sheeple. Go back to your TV for further instructions.Reply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:08Working as a whore for vested business interests tends to leave one bitter at the constant pain in the arse.Reply ↓	Daniel S. said: July 9, 201115:38Good for you ! Joyce Kilmer, US poet, writer and sometimes reporter who died in uniform in the First WW had elegant words to describe those like Kia, he said that ” They carried in their soul the courage of their song”On this side of the Atlantic the News Of The World debacle have brought the general and specific actions of the press, editors and reporters into sharp focus. That picture is not very attractive.Kia have given an insiders view into the back-room that is carefully and deliberately veiled from the general public that they purport to serve. Just as we have painfully learned that politics is too important to be left solely to the politicians, so also ‘The Media’ is far too important a society accept to leave it to the Murdocs and ‘The Wizard Of Oz’ types.Full credit to Kia for what he has done : currently his may be a lone and lonely voice but the general public is slowly waking up to the fact that the Western media are little more than enablers for the political, financial and other malaise paralyzing public life. More will hopefully follow now that he has shown the way!Reply ↓	Common Sense said: July 9, 201115:44One of the best “well said” on anything I’ve read in a long time. So much of the system is broken (pick media, government, climate, all of the above and more) and we as Canadians have been too polite in dealing with it. Mostly, because we prefer to be Ostrich’s and hum the “Ignorance is Bliss” song so loudly we can’t hear anything else.I wonder what it is that we can do to solve some of this. Dollars seem to rule, there is no recall legislation for politicians. We speak and those in charge appear to not be listening. Perhaps we have to not be SO polite. Not in a violence sense, though…I am new to this ‘rebellion/political’ stuff, and I’ve made mistakes in the past on how to present issues. I am learning to tone it down. My twitter profile statement has always been:“Having a strong voice with sensible emotions can help to make a driving change… Let your voice be heard!”Reply ↓	A Warrant Officer with no patience for little dweebs said: July 9, 201115:48Please tell me you quit the CF too.We don’t need you, the infantry is above-strength as it is. Sissies who only want to do peacekeeping when they had ample chances to deploy to Afghanistan, are just cluttering up the ranks and wasting rations.Reply ↓	Heather S said: July 9, 201116:32Warrant Officer: My grandpere, a naturalized Canadian, earned the Croix de Guerre parachutting behind the lines and organizing the French Resistence. My uncle was in the Canadian Army Intelligence Corps for twenty years. I am ashamed of your conduct on this blog.Sadly,HeatherReply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:10Surely, Heather S, you don’t believe that the poster is actually a Warrant Officer? One of the magical things about the Internet is that anybody can be anything they can spell (mostly) correctly.Reply ↓	Kimberley said: July 13, 201110:00MichaelWH…You sir, just hit the nail squarely on the head!Reply ↓	anotherformerjournalist said: July 9, 201116:49I too have a proud family history of service. Remember, when you say you are fighting for freedom, you are fighting for freedom period. If you joined the military to feel like a “real man”, it’s the military is probably better off without you.Reply ↓	Erin said: July 9, 201118:51Forgive me, brother, but…did you actually use the word ‘sissies’ to make your point? Someone who believes in peacekeeping is a sissy vs. someone who wants to “deploy to Afghanistan”? Wow. Just wow. Shameful, brother – I hope to heaven your attitudes and opinions are not widely shared. If they are, God help the people of Afghanistan.Reply ↓	T's Word said: July 9, 201119:27A warrant officer with no brains either. The infantry needs more like him, and less like you, the mindless drone type.I fought in Afghanistan, wore the flag on my shoulder for 12 years, and I’d rather have him on my side than you. You are a testament to the current failure of our nation, you are part of the problem.Reply ↓	Stephane Gaudette said: July 11, 201117:10Yeah getting a leg blown off for a war we have no interest in is real smart….dumbassReply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201115:51Kai, you know what’s on tap next don’t you? The attack machine is going to be put in motion and you will begin getting “hate” comments from an organized group of people. If that happens, publish them all, expose them for what they are. A group of people that want to snuff out any new voice. A group of people that want to control information, nothing grass roots about it. Unite the left people, unite the left. Bring back the middle class, bring back jobs. Murdoch’s empire may be teetering now let us hope the same will happen here. We have to unite and even possibly work with people around the world with the same mindset.Reply ↓	Kelly Bohl said: July 9, 201115:54Good luck, Kai. You’re braver than a lot of people. We need media critics like you. Hope your trip west brings you to the Left Coast.Reply ↓	anotherformerjournalist said: July 9, 201115:58Wow, the haters are amusing. Only unhappy people post that kind of crap. If y’all are so wise, it sure isn’t showing in your comments. You’re miserable and want everyone else to be. It’s not fair if they aren’t right? Quit pretending you know what’s best for someone else.Reply ↓	p said: July 9, 201118:04My thoughts exactly. I’ve never seen people so openly bitter about work and their own career.Sorry life dealt you a hand you couldn’t contend with, haters, but grow a pair and do what it takes to snap out of it. Maybe take an art course with your pension money or something.Reply ↓	Red Greenee said: July 9, 201115:59To summarize – he is “Coming out of the closet”. He is “feeling sexually attracted to the people on screen”. “not the best use of my short life” would suggest he has a terminal illness. Guess which one?Reply ↓	Socrates said: July 9, 201118:57Are you ok?Reply ↓	Steve Brice said: July 9, 201116:02kudos to you Kai on having the intestinal fortitude to go forward on a much need attempt of a wakeup call to the sleeping with hands tied giant that we know as Canada.Special interest groups that come in all monetary and political sizes that control the inherent rights of the people to know the truthful information to bring those to the forefront for public and if needed judicial accountability to the people of Canada.With eyes wide open you would see it on a much more grand scale, I am sure that most of us have know as far back as we can remember that the news in Canada has no investigative journalistic ability or teeth and as person of optimistic values like yourself with a pessimistic view driven into us like you can’t fight city hall or deep pocketed special interest values.I’m sure your parents are very proud of you for standing up for what you believe in, and in the age of the information highway I think effective change can be made with an optimistic view point one click at a time.We have the ability now to have one vote from the comforts of our homes and hand held devices on all points that should concern the Canadian people once we all wake up and smell the special interests.Good luck Kai on your journey to the truth, and accountability to the truth is always a worthy cause.Reply ↓	Nathan said: July 9, 201116:02I totally agree except for one thing:When you talk of a community theatre group losing its funding, you have an unstated major premise that government should be funding such things in the first place. Selling tickets might also fund such endeavors. Light rail is one of those things for which funding could be justified, but perhaps only in the form of loans at low interest rates until fares begin to pay for it.If governments funded less extravagant military purchases AND less extravagant artistic but socially null endeavors, someday we might discover what we want government to do and what we want it to stay the hell out of. It’s the list of the things we want it to stay out of that I’m most interested in, as it’s already involved in everything I can imagine.Reply ↓	Mark W said: July 9, 201116:32Before you knock arts funding, you should know that the revenue generated from the arts is FAR more than what the government invests.Most people, not knowing this, subscribe to the fallacy that artists must be poor beggars that offer no significant return for government investment.Reply ↓	David Crowe said: July 9, 201119:32When roads are totally funded on a user-pay basis then so should trains. Passenger rail is always subsidized and intelligent governments understand that there are many side-benefits, such as facilitating commerce by allowing lower wage workers to get to work efficiently, reduced air and water pollution, fewer deaths and injuries from traffic accidents, fewer police dedicated to patrolling the roads for traffic violations and accidents, and so on. And it even benefits the rich who continue to drive expensive cars as there are fewer other cars to cause congestion.Reply ↓	Matthew Hays said: July 9, 201116:07A brilliant posting by a thoughtful young journalist. Everything Kai Nagata says makes sense, and resonates. The so-called “liberal bias” charge against the press has worked as a brilliant passive-aggressive ploy, stifling any actual critiques of a Conservative government that is out of control. Canada, you have been hoodwinked, and more easily than I thought possible. Bravo to Nagata for his bravery and outspokenness.Reply ↓	Jake said: July 9, 201116:13Good God, what an overwritten stream of self-important drivel. Oh, and Kai? Come to think of it, I think I would like some fries with that Coke. Make it snappy, would you?Reply ↓	Chris A. said: July 9, 201116:43How would a fresh, steaming plate of pigshit sound to you right now, jackass?Reply ↓	Socrates said: July 9, 201119:06Sometimes when I read something online and have an urge to comment, I ask myself if what I write will contribute anything to the discourse or is it simply a knee-jerk ego driven remark which really says to the world, “LISTEN TO ME EVERYONE, I HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY. I’M IMPORTANT, LISTEN TO ME”. I suggest you try ask yourself the same question and avoid wasting bits.Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201119:26Socrates, this is fine, let people like Jake and Red Greene make their comments. Kai should publish every word, every hate filled sentence of people who are trying to move the narrative away from discussions and more towards confrontational. This is simply helping prove our point. If a moderate opinion is not agreed upon, then ugly, childish people come out of the woodwork and muddy the waters with filth. Let them loose and maybe people will see how easily disgusting they could be and then they will be pushed to the edges and adults could then have honest differences of opinions. In the past I had written to Harper telling him that I agreed with a certain stand he took. At the same time I told him that that is what democracy is all about, the ability for me to tell my P.M that I agree with him and that when I don’t I will also tell him that. This is our democracy we have to use it. Speak up, but be adults. Make your arguments with your adult words and try to convince me that what you are saying is just, but then be prepared to listen to my point of view. We are Canadians, we don’t shoot each other when we disagree, but please let us be civil with words and actions.Reply ↓	Jake said: July 9, 201122:22Kai has a rewarding career awaiting him, slinging hash at the nearest Tim Horton’s. When you drop by in 10 years, be sure to ask him whether it was all worth it.Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201122:48Jake what are you implying by your comment? Are you implying that those employed by Tim Horton’s, a great Canadian institution are the bottom of the barrel? That working at Timmy’s is not a great job? That they are not hard working tax paying Canadian citizens? Is this supposed to be an insult to Kai or are you such a snob that people in the food service industry are worth less than maybe tax avoiding CEOs? No really tell us how you were planning on using this as an insult. Is a human being judged on the job he holds, so we have a caste system here in Canada?Reply ↓	Doc McCoy said: July 13, 201118:12Very well said.Reply ↓	Saywhat? said: July 9, 201116:14Wow, congratulations for quitting a job that for many Canadians would have sustained them for many years. Congratulations on sounding like a git while doing it at 24 years of age.Here we are, a depression, whether or not our media overlords want to call it that or not, and one 24 year old with a journalism degree is going to change the world. Hey kiddo – grow up time.You made crap loads of money that most working class Canadians will never see. You paid out the student loans or may the family pitched in and now your going to rediscover yourself.Spoiled. Spoiled for putting it up in a long winded, set in justified margins – which are the worst for reading, manifesto of self importance. From this end you look like you got caught with your knickers down and were forced out.As for covering the Royal Visit – sure beats the crap out of our local news with people shooting, stabbing and in one case running over a little girl.Hint hint – most people will never give a shit about the rest of the world because their own needs out weigh those of nameless crying child in (insert country here).Let’s have media go with the simple message from Douglas Adams: “Don’t Panic” and the world’s media outlets will be out of business.Good luck fella. Try to find yourself. Don’t bother the rest of us in 20 years when you are kicking yourself in the ass for abandoning your job based on principals that the working stiffs know don’t put food in the mouths of their kids.Reply ↓	Max LeBlanc said: July 10, 201117:45Vade retro, Harper Minion!Reply ↓	Warren Z said: July 11, 201108:14Oh that was awesome.Let’s see… “Hey kiddo – grow up time.”So growing up =“Good luck fella. Try to find yourself. Don’t bother the rest of us in 20 years when you are kicking yourself in the ass for abandoning your job based on principals that the working stiffs know don’t put food in the mouths of their kids.” … Equating every decision you make on money.“As for covering the Royal Visit – sure beats the crap out of our local news with people shooting, stabbing and in one case running over a little girl.” … Ignorance“most people will never give a shit about the rest of the world because their own needs out weigh those of nameless crying child in (insert country here).” … Selfishness.You’re not also stridently religious too, are you?Reply ↓	Mikey said: July 9, 201116:16Bookmarked, tweeted and shared. You speak truth. Kudos for having the courage to quit your job based on your principles and beliefs. A lot of us don’t have that luxury unfortunately: Money still rules the world sadly and there are bills to be paid.But I’m glad to see someone like you take a stand and stop doing something they may be well paid to do but don’t find satisfaction in in anymore. I wish I could do the same. Regardless of what you do next, make it something that counts to you. But I get the sense you’ve already figured that out which is why you quit your job!Reply ↓	Chris said: July 9, 201116:16Quitting your job for principle is noble. Yet it is almost always only seen that way for a fleeting and short amount of time. I read your post as a mental salve to ease your self inflicted wounds (i.e. more for yourself than others). Do what you must to cleanse yourself of your last employments ideological filth lest it stain your capacity to see good in other media ventures. Do it quick and don’t stop moving forward or you will fall under the heavy weight of your HUGE decision and it’s ramifications.Many people will agree with your decision, many will not and some will even deride you behind your back after shaking your hand and looking you in the eye saying they are happy for you. Keep on the singular road, you did this for yourself, do not expect others to understand. Selfish as it may seem you did what you felt is right.Your lack of dependents is a boon. Now go get a good career and have some kids you punk. 24?! You got lots of time left. Use it well and spread the Kai.Reply ↓	Chris said: July 9, 201116:27Let me add that I did the same thing. I quit my managers position for my principles (regarding emerging employment policies out of my control) and then fell into a rut of depression and self degradation. My main point is don’t do what I did. The regret and pain is gone, but the unemployment remains! Get out and do something quick brother.Reply ↓	Jim Henry, Chatham, ON said: July 9, 201116:32Right on Kai! I am impressed. Good luck in your future. I know you will do well. 🙂Reply ↓	Jan said: July 9, 201116:33I came here without an agenda. You won’t find any knee-jerk reactions, nor a finger-shaking lecture on how “you should be”, from me. Frankly, both reek of resentment and tunnel vision.You seem to be a talented young man trying to find his way through the maze of his career. Best wishes. You are a talented journalist. Do what you love. Always.Reply ↓	lr said: July 9, 201116:33well said.hope to see you getting involved in politics or at least get your own show.Reply ↓	Dave Stonhouse said: July 9, 201116:35Start a political webcast! See where it goes. We need an honest, rounded voice. I’d watch it.Reply ↓	Jenny said: July 9, 201116:36What a fantastic article! It’s so refreshing to hear someone with an opinion and not just reguritated “party line” speech.What you have said about commercialized news broadcasting is also true here in Australia. Assumptions are made that the viewers are idiots who cannot formulate their own opinions and will be happy to be spoon fed “interesting” stories about the latest weight loss fad, rather than give the real news and possible risk the viewer changing channels.One of my biggest annoyances is when valuable news time is taken up with product placement advertising for the current flavour of the month reality tv show, and it’s delivered as a news item!Reply ↓	carmenjoyking said: July 9, 201116:51Everything IS possible! Keep searching and be free! And don’t stop writing, asking, and challenging the status quo. Write write write, my friend! Bravo!! Je suis avec toi. Je te jure. Carmen.xoReply ↓	Natasha said: July 9, 201116:58I finally feel that I’m not alone. I feel very proud for you brother. You have sacrificed your job for your freedom. I agree that we are loosing the Canada that I was born into since my childhood days. I thought the Liberals will serve our nation but their leader failed and the Harper government won, SADLY. in order to save our nation we must run for office and help bring the canada that we once loved. our nation is dying and our mass media is getting so polluted with nonsense. Be the change, I know I will but i just gotta finish my university degree.Reply ↓	Natasha said: July 9, 201117:00I great example of how destroyed our nation is when refugees landed by boat from across the world in British Columbia the Harper government treated them like criminals. We are loosing our generosity and using ideology to destroy our nation.But that same group who came on the boat from Sri Lanka were according to a UN war crimes report, fleeing rape, persecution and abduction.Don’t give up writing…we need your voice….no wonder Harper lost our seat at the UN Security Council!Reply ↓	Pingback: News Journalist Quits Job O.o « What the Fruitcake (F***)?!Harold Jarche said: July 9, 201117:14I have not read any of the comments (there are so many), but I have more faith in the future of our nation than I did before I read your post. Thank you.Reply ↓	Denise said: July 9, 201117:18Good for you! Your new journey is going to be amazing, just don’t forget to enjoy the ride and the many steps along the way!Reply ↓	Laurie said: July 9, 201117:29Congratulations for taking a stand, something so many people long to do but can’t.Reply ↓	eyrea said: July 9, 201117:31This was so refreshing and illuminating to read. Then it made me sad. It should not take the level of integrity you’ve had to demonstrate to say what you said here out loud.I hope you find something to do that will work for you. I hope even more that it is still within the arena of journalism, or at least “being a public voice”.Reply ↓	Veronique Verthuy said: July 9, 201117:35Kai, when I first started in the biz, news media was a different world and I don’t envy those who are in the early years of their news careers. It’s not that the world was perfect, far from it, but there were more choices/voices. I wish you all the best in your new adventures and have no doubt that you will find your way/voice and make the kind of difference you know you can make.Reply ↓	Kirsten said: July 9, 201117:37Thank you for telling the truth.Reply ↓	Joe said: July 9, 201117:43Good for you. I remember I felt almost alone here in the U.S. until Jon Stewart started saying the types of things I was feeling. It’s important that competent, thoughtful views be heard on TV. May Canada be blessed by your wisdomReply ↓	Viewer said: July 9, 201117:48I do not work in journalism, but I agree wholeheartedly with Kai. The majority of the people posting here are supportive, but there are some people posting here who clearly didn’t read the whole article and think this is “sour grapes”. I would speculate these people work for one of the media outlets that bows down to Harper.For several years now I have found CTV to have decreasing journalistic integrity. It was really apparent during the 2010 Winter Olympics.Reply ↓	jennierussell8 said: July 9, 201117:54Amazingly honest and true. I hope you find what you’re looking for.Reply ↓	tarotworldtour said: July 9, 201117:59I can see, and I predict, that a significant minority of the population will just walk away from the rules of the Establishment (tarot supports this) and this will really confound the algorithms that are supposedly universal to how we will behave.Reply ↓	Anne Beamish said: July 9, 201117:59You are a very courageous individual and I applaud your decision. Have you considered teaching? It offers opportunities to work in other countries as well as at home. A very interesting piece and I couldn’t agree with you more with regards to our beloved Conservatives.Reply ↓	Pingback: Important Tar Sands Documentary on Al Jazeera: To the Last Drop « Sean Kheraj, Canadian History and EnvironmentBrian King said: July 9, 201118:10KOSINSKI WOULD BE PROUD……..Reply ↓	Daniel S. said: July 9, 201118:12Recently I attended an International weekend seminar hosted by Leeds University in the UK. on Empowerment and the Sacral. Over eighty papers delivered there, many to do with value systems.Over half the conference were in the twenties age group of varied cultural and religious backgrounds, most of that group had their masters and most also were finalizing their Doctorate studies. They were a fine bunch of young people.Most also had come through Post-Colonial studies and their views and attitudes could not be more different from the Western ‘status quo’ Establishment elites ruling consensus of Blair, Bush & Co or Cameron, Obama & Co.( The political party labels of the rulers may change but just like Ireland and our recent election, the broad sweep of policies remain the same, the much trumpeted ‘ changes’ are mere cosmetics and window dressing!)These bright young people referred to had a realistic view of those pulling the current levers of power and why the world is in the mess that it is.For those who have trouble with Kia’s attidute, I suggest that they get used to it or over it : his generation will not ‘go quietly into the night’ or rather the nightmare that the vested interests of my generation have inflicted on them. Their individual reactions may not be as dramatic or decisive as Kia’s but they are equally opposed to the cosy consensus and maintaining the prevailing status quo.The fight back and reaction has indeed started: Kia’s action is but one overt manifestation of what thousands like him are feeling and covertly thinking. They too will act as the fine young people in the Middle-East have acted against their own inert, stagnant and stymying political systems.Revolution knows no frontiers : Western Leaders cannot continue to be two faced and call for a new morality abroad in restrictive corrupt regimes while continuing ‘business as usual’ at home without exposing themselves for what they are!Reply ↓	Pingback: The Most Important People In The World | MetamorphostuffFranky said: July 9, 201118:45congrats to you for being so True to yourself…. some of us just keep going hoping it will be right again…..or hoping someone like you comes along to help make those changes.Godspeed Kai and yes if you go into politics…. I’ll vote for you.Reply ↓	Un autre journaliste said: July 9, 201118:55Merci d’avoir écrit tout ça.Bonne suite des choses.Reply ↓	iqra said: July 9, 201118:57As a senior Undergrad who was just a few months ago headed towards magazine journalism, mostly due to the narrative element, I have to say that I switched my career track for many of the same reasons you did, minus the political discussions. After an internship with a well known magazine and reflecting on signposts, I realized my storytelling skills would be wasting their time where I was headed and since then, I have been in the process of becoming a screenwriter. Thank you for sharing this – it gives me hope that its not too late to get where I want to go.Reply ↓	Graham McTavish Watt said: July 9, 201119:03Wrote this 3 years ago to no effect. Sent one to Jim Travers who was interested but nothing ever happened.Thank you so much. Great courage.Notes taken while waiting for the outrage.While trying to get my head around that nosedive of Eliot Spitzer, I came across the thought that while self destruction occurs in many walks of life, and is critically covered by the media, the media never seems to focus its intense critical beam on itself. Journalists, especially political journalists, are just not known for going at each other’s jugulars. They comment and criticize while remaining safe in their métier, kind of like threatened muskox, facing out, bum to bum, shaggy and mute whenever a critical note is struck, I can’t recall a critical article, op-ed piece or editorial on the state of journalism itself. Sometimes vetted criticism is allowed in letters to the editor, hardly a venue for satisfying comment on the performance of political journalists. I think it would be refreshing to have a go in the media at such a cosseted group, if for nothing else, than to bring their collective being into the reader’s reality.I want to hear some of you political journalist types say you’ve done some reflecting. I don’t expect to hear any confessions. Forgive me, but not many of you people are known for your ability to take a hit. Harper smacked you all a good one and what happened? Most of you folded like a Trabant bumper. How did it all get like this? Political journalism in this country isn’t progressive or courageous. It’s circular, like the same people tossing a heap of pizza dough around. I don’t think many of you realize it or you’d be writing about it more critically. In many other fields the members look at overall performance and make critical comment seeking adjustment to help maintain integrity. But you people are notoriously thin-skinned. And you’ll criticize everybody except a fellow journalist. Have any of you ever considered turning that searchlight toward yourselves? To see some credentials put to the test? Some courage? I’d like to see some reflection, some inner turmoil. I want to see less daily game playing, more shouting and shaking of fists. Not from the politicians, from the journalists. I want some turmoil and dust rising when a Canadian government closes an unannounced deal to allow a foreign army into Canada to quell Canadian civil unrest (Oh ironic déjà vu! American soldiers on our streets: we’re not making this up!). Where’s the outrage? There’s barely a peep except in blogs. But you guys, in the public’s mind anyway, are supposed to have integrity. I know you all have biases, and there’s nothing wrong with that. Life is bias. My problem is you all have BlackBerrys. And with all you people fondling your Blackberries, we’re stuck in the present moment aren’t we? Harold Innis called it presentmindedness. It’s a disease and you people have it bad. When did any journalist last reflect? You know, think about what’s actually happening, not the daily fecal examinations that pass for journalism these days, but actually thinking; a stand-back-and-look picture. Wow, is that a friggin’ meteor heading for the planet? Yikes, there’s a meteor filled with toxic bugs heading for earth and we’re spending our time commenting on the fiery tail and the latest push polls about who Canadians would like to see it smite. And oh yeah, Jane Taber will tell us which toxic bits are hot and not.Is it enough to sit and cheerily chat with a gracious and bright Don Newman when this stuff is going down. The country is slowly going down the toilet and you’re all making gentle little comments. Where’s the passion, the outrage? And you people are some of the better journalists in the country! Do you think everything is just unfolding, as it should? No it isn’t. The frog is in the pot and it’s getting hotter. The Canadian people know this. It’s why Stephen Harper stays at 30 to 33 percent on those polls that don’t ‘randomly’ pluck their respondents from ridings which bias according to Liberal or Conservative majorities. So where is the media to talk of these things? They emerged for a while in Chile and Argentina until they were frightened or shot down. Do you think it can’t happen in Canada? What else can’t happen? Blatant lies in advertising have ruined a person’s reputation and I’ve not heard a critical word of it from any of you. Someone asks Rick Anderson on CBC’s Politics if the attack ads against Dion will work and he smiles and says yes. No one says, “They’re lies, fraudulent, misleading and wrong.”Hey, we’re not watching a play. We’re in a play, and it’s a tragedy.Where’s the courage? Is it lost in paying the rent or the lease or the contacts so important to all your job survivals? Is it in the easy phone calls and the BlackBerry tappings and the presentmindedness that journalists seem to have like head colds. Something is happening, and it’s sinister. There’s a hollowing out of values, with the ensuing vacuum filling with a jingoistic, militaristic pudding, pandering to our basest levels. A kind of oil-fuelled macho goose-stepping prance amid shouts of; “We’re an energy superpower!” Tim Horton good. Academics bad. At what point is it possible for journalists to personally take a stand, not for a party, but for something that defined us? Call it a reasonableness. I mean a collection of differences, weirdly held together by geography and flexible strings of social caring. A dull but workable premise: Sharing and caring, rather than grabbing and stabbing. It’s toast. Now we’re exhorted to wear red on Fridays or risk being cast as traitors. Guns! Not butter!Maybe the problem is more with the media owners.Not a lot of guys who own print and electronic networks are left wing. Some of them would scare the shit out of Genghis Khan. Apart from Rick Salutin and Jim Stanford, I can’t think of many left wing columnists either. The rightward trudging journalists working for owners like CanWest certainly aren’t known for their courage. Well, that’s not entirely true. The only time I read of the Canada/U.S. armed forces deal was in the National Post. But mostly they seem a bunch of pack animals, ready to jump on anyone who stumbles, and good at the cull. Then we have the television pundits, so very ready to pontificate, mesmerized by the camera’s red light, freshly balded in the style of the day, horn-rimmed and bow-tied. It’s like they’re all watching a traffic accident and dissing the moans and shrieks of the dying and injured, then retiring to the bar to help each other get their pieces out. These people are BlackBerry freaks too, and having no sense of critical thinking, they run on raw political effluent and discharge, with no default facility for challenging assumptions, especially their own, as this would involve thinking rather than reacting.Are we somewhat like Germany in the thirties? Swept along in a new style, I mean apart from the Shakespearean caucus stabbings on one side of the House and the Machiavellian caucus smotherings on the other, is something else going on? Can a reasonably sane person actually say the word fascistization without being blogified? No one in the press would hint at such possibilities, either because of their particular biases for such a happening or because they have fears about their jobs and losing contacts that allow them to print the daily minutiae. Meanwhile the frog in the pot is noticing the bubbles. A look at the Government’s actions in the past two years shows an incremental movement toward what might be considered a fascist perspective. Look at a few symptoms: Big military build-up; Big lie used in ads directed against any opposition; Attention focused solely on the leader; News restrictions on government actions; Individuals pointed out in traitorous terms; Plans for a propaganda centre of Goebbelesque proportions; Scientists, intellectuals and academics seen as enemies. Evidently, the burning of the books will be replaced with laws cancelling funds for the broadcast arts. All these things happened in the past two years, with little more than passing comment from our press. The closest thing I’ve seen was Susan Bonner actually backing Jim Prentice up against the wall on a completely fraudulent ad smear on Stephane Dion. And Don Martin sometimes has a faux criticism of the PM, I imagine just to get his pH factor into a lighter shade of blue. My God, bring back the sponsorship scandal, bigger if possible, because what’s happening now is a greater swindle, the stealing of a country by a party containing a fraudulent bunch of right wing thugs thinly-veneered with some decent conservatives. The former who think Canadians are stupid, the latter who think that the end justifies the means.I think you journalists are playing the game wrong.You should be more aggressive with the power holders, and less contemptuous of the Opposition. I can’t remember anyone actually writing anything positive about Dion, yet he has to be a very tough guy, because he spends his days being knifed by Ignatieff followers and assorted Liberal weasels as well as having to tolerate stuff like Rick Mercer’s Jubilee Singers delighting the Conservatives. That’s a wonderful new trait for a satirist, Rick, cheering for the overdog. Dion’s obviously a gutsy person, but how would any of you people know? You’re all into piling-on. You’ve bought into the ‘”not a leader” stuff because it doesn’t require thinking or reflecting or gulping and saying; “Christ, what are we doing”? The road is always easy to follow when it’s well lit and there’s directional signage. And you’ve all bought the GPS political software.But wait, there’s more.Let’s look at the pathetic way many of you understand political polling research. I know something about qualitative and quantitative research. Every word I’ve written for a living for 43 years has been tested in one or the other of these broad methodologies. And the lesson I early learned is a simple one. Whoever pays for the research gets the desired results. Oddly, Harold Innis had the same conclusion in another context. He said, any system of communication eventually influences what issues from it. (I think McLuhan ripped that into the medium is the message). Whatever, the average Canadian thinks that this kind of research shows what Canadians think at a given time. What it may be though, is what the research buyer wants Canadians to think. So please don’t give me the “we’re just reporting the facts” bullroar. The facts are that 3% 19 times out of 20 is a weasel. The real bias agent is in the question, and the lead up to the question, and the placing and rotation of the question in the context of other questions. Weighting is another little statistical shim that can even out a rocking verdict. Those are facts I’ve rarely seen in a newspaper or heard on air. What I have heard and seen are press statements like, “on verge of majority”. As I say, who sponsors the poll gets the results desired. Yet journalists frequently imply that poll results are truth or signs from above.So, political journalists, where’s the reflection?Some of you are excellent writers, possessed of a power to explain rather than spin and having no need to ease off into hackneyed, packaged, explanations which coincide enough with the pack mutterings to keep you comfy talking to each other in bars. So, where’s the outrage? Where are the journalist fistfights? You were all passionate writers once. Now many of you just have a writing job. Where’s a Cardinal Newman? Courage. Daring. Anger. Insight. Canadian political journalism today reminds me of the ad business today, where everything is ironic or humorous or edgy, because everyone writing ads today is terrified of being typecast as corny and maudlin if they move into the difficult area of persuasion, of being seen as living in a cheesy, Coutts-Hallmark land. I think some of you people are afraid to be yourselves in your writing too. I’m tired after saying all this and I’m sure you’re tired too, if you got through it this far. Let me leave you with this thought. From my perch in the Bay of Fundy’s little Sackville, I’ve watched you political journalists drifting, tide wrought and keeping up with the effluent outpouring from every political stream or freshet. Just drifting, adding to the sea’s confusion by never pausing to question the reason for the tide or the effects of wind against current and how they affect the incredible reasonableness of Canada. Even though something else is happening that’s too big to fit on a BlackBerry.With every good wish,Graham Watt13 Campbell’s Hill,Sackville, NBE4L 3R6506 536 1436Reply ↓	FF said: July 11, 201114:33TLDRReply ↓	Jaded Canuck said: July 11, 201118:31Graham:Loved your rant. (If you call it that).When the Conservatives won the election, I told my wife we better get used to wearing armbands and doing the goose-step.The old line media in this country cannot be trusted.Reply ↓	innertubes said: July 9, 201119:04Bravo, sir! Talk to Keith Olbermann and Al Gore IMO!Reply ↓	Harry Leslie said: July 9, 201119:09Kai, you are a centrist, moderate all Canadian.I am a 48 year old regular guy from Scarborough who grew up in a Canada where life was bliss and I felt in tune with my fellow citizens.That has all gone away ever so precipitously since 1989 with the advent of flawed free trade.I lament the loss of the society I so loved where everyone was precious but not special.Your story has moved me to tears has rekindled hope that the next generation might just pull this this world’s neo-con debacle from the fire.Thank you and thank you again.Where do I send my money to replace your income while you discover the place where you can best help yourself and therefore all of us?We need you to be the best that you can be.Harry LeslieScarboroughReply ↓	kainagata said: September 2, 201100:11Hi Harry, thanks for your note. I’ve posted an update on the blog. If you’re still interested, I’m trying to fund a documentary project right now.Reply ↓	Claude Demers said: July 9, 201119:26Voilà un Canada qui a de quoi inspirer les Québécois !Reply ↓	Max LeBlanc said: July 10, 201118:03Très bien dit. Je seconde.Reply ↓	Matersum said: July 9, 201119:34I understand where you’re coming from as I’ve felt much the same myself.Reply ↓	Larry Pinzansky said: July 9, 201119:40For a young guy (Well, I’m 57!), I was startled at your total lack of clarity in your essay. I’ve worked many years in journalism, now more in an editorial role where I can manage to ignore, for the most part, all the stark realities that you are well aware of. I hope you keep fighting! It gives me a little hope. At a certain point a lot of us just stop fighting, feeling the relative imminence of mortality. So, after all the many years of fighting and finding more and more pessimism, I need to find a few years to experience some renewed joy. I hope you always manage to fight AND find joy.There are people that think you are being self-destructive or naive. They are totally wrong; Don’t you believe any of that for one moment! You’ve got it right. If you want to do anything meaningful, it simply hasn’t been do-able in the setting you were working in…and really not for a VERY long time. It’s simply gotten much worse that it was, say 30 years ago. And it was pretty awful then.Remember that the majority (I told you I was pessimistic.) find it way too easy to believe their own lies. That’s not a judgement, just a reflection of how frail we humans are.All the very best!Reply ↓	nobody said: July 9, 201119:41“You took your lucky break, and broke it in two.”Reply ↓	Harry Leslie said: July 9, 201120:12figures you would quote paul mcartney the sell out and not john lennon the idealist that put words into actiondisgraceReply ↓	Chris Conway said: July 9, 201119:50Brilliant !! Congratulations !! Good Luck !!Reply ↓	Pingback: Empreintes » Mes commentaires ici et là » Kai Nagata quitte CTV et retrouve la paroleThad McIlroy, The Future of Publishing said: July 9, 201119:53Thanks. And best wishes.Reply ↓	hanaboomom said: July 9, 201120:02Very well written. I wish you all the best in whatever you choose to do next.Reply ↓	Giles said: July 9, 201120:16If you need a place to stay in Revelstoke, just past Glacier National Park, let me know. My family and I would love to host you. All the best, GilesReply ↓	kainagata said: September 2, 201100:15This is what happens when you get swamped and give up on the comments section. Darn.Reply ↓	The Rant Phile said: July 9, 201120:25Every single human being who gives a lick about the future should read this fantastic piece. I’m inspired and 100% behind you on it. All the sincere best to you, Mr. Nagata!Reply ↓	Pingback: Why I quit my job: (via Kai Nagata) | The Rant Philebarefootandpresent said: July 9, 201120:33So many of us are undergoing “the shift”. May you find the support and strength needed to navigate your inner transition safely, peacefully, blissfully–without resistence.http://transitionvoice.com/2011/07/voluntary-poverty-it-could-save-your-life-but-its-a-hard-sell/Reply ↓	Douglas Jack said: July 9, 201120:36Kai Nagata, Lets consider humanity’s common ‘indigenous’ (Latin = ‘self-generating’) roots as a way of understanding the present situation we are in. We don’t need to believe the lies of our dysfunctional ‘exogenous’ (L. = ‘other-generated’) age and the alienation colonial empires engender towards First Nation knowledge. The great bulk and commonplace of human history everywhere on planet earth is indigenous. http://www.indigenecommunity.infoReply ↓	frankie said: July 9, 201120:43Jesus Christ this is depressing. Here I thought my Northern cousins were sailing calmer waters than we are. I don’t read about the wingnuts and Christian Taliban in Canada being in control like they are here. Of course the masters of the universe are always happy to use these morons to extend their control over the only thing that matters to them, money. I just didn’t know it was that bad yet.Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 9, 201121:00Frankie, take heart from what is being written here. I believe we here in Canada have seen the mess made in the U.S by the “nuts” and how out of control it has spun out. We are hopefully nipping it in the bud here before it gets ugly. The media is being controlled by a select few, but the internet will not be controlled and we could use it, much like DailyKos, MediaMatters, ThinkProgress and others are doing in the U.S. But how do you get the message to those who have tuned out because the marketing from the media is pushing them towards vapid goals? How do you get youth involved when there parents have been sold on the idea of don’t rock the boat or you will lose your lower middle class lifestyle too? How do you spread the message to those who have tuned out because the right wing noise machine is louder and insane? How do you engage those who believe all politician are liars and the daily lies are just proving the point? How do you prove that government and democracy can work, when the people in government are actually working to break it?Reply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:18“I believe we here in Canada have seen the mess made in the U.S by the “nuts” and how out of control it has spun out. We are hopefully nipping it in the bud here before it gets ugly.”I believed this until Harper got a majority.Reply ↓	Pingback: I said “Need internship, Will travel”…. | The BurrowRobert said: July 9, 201120:56Kai, thank you for writing that. I enjoyed it, and hope you’ll enjoy your journey. I’ve been there, although I didn’t have your courage, so I saved a big stack of cash before pulling the plug. If I could disagree with a single point in your thinking, it would be that you’re less likely to find yourself than you are to redefine or recreate yourself. Best of luck!Reply ↓	kainagata said: September 2, 201100:17You’re right, I was already here. Thanks for your note.Reply ↓	Pingback: Quote of the day: ‘Consider Fox News. . .’ | eats shoots 'n leaveslesleypritchard said: July 9, 201121:19Something tells me you have zero to worry about finding your next gig. I think many people are aching for your kind of passion for the (well-researched) truth.LesleyReply ↓	Pingback: Why I quit My Job | b-roll.netJ Murphy said: July 9, 201122:11What a gift of strength of character! Carry on, and please consider continuing to write, to “report” on what you are discovering and – perhaps more importantly – how many like-minded people there are out there! One does not have to be a dreaded pinko commie to give thought and care for others, to consider balance and equality as vital to civilization. I am so tired of that dualistic mindset. Pray for peace, pray that the leaders of our nation and the world stop driving us all off the collective cliff.Reply ↓	Bruce said: July 9, 201122:13well if you wind up in BC come to Salt Spring and we can talk about chucking big careers to live life on your own terms, and how it can work out.Brucechefbruce@shaw.caReply ↓	Laurens said: July 9, 201122:48Extraordinary….. Gutsy and a pleasure to read….. I find myself agreeing with most if not everything you have said about the news and social issues… Travel safely and may good things continue to come to you.Reply ↓	Don scott said: July 9, 201122:49Great piece. Says a lot about the state of Canadian media when a 24 year old, in a couple of pages, illustrates how vacuous and meaningless it has become.Your experience is not unique, but at least you have had the courage to break from the mould and stop contributing you credibility to something that has little. The same thing is happening in spades in the workplace, especially in places like the public service where spin rules and reality is an inconvenient truth.Keep speaking out. Connect with Brigette de Pape. The two of you are an inspiration to us older folks who have witnessed our country’s and society’s drift to mindlessness, where faith trumps science and myths dominate public policy replacing rational decision making.Best of luck and communicating.Don ScottReply ↓	kainagata said: September 2, 201100:20Hey Don, can you shoot me a direct message on facebook or Twitter?Reply ↓	Dave Moore said: July 9, 201122:55Hurrah! I am glad to see that people like you are actually thinking and learning and hungry to be more than you are, or more than the masses say you should be. I turned 50 this year, and I look back and see how much of the minutiae of life forces us to be hamsters on the wheel. So many big dreams and so much potential that I never really tried to harness. Too busy treading water in poor economic times, or focusing on the pragmatic little causes, rather than the truly rewarding things of life. You leave your youth on the way to becoming your own creation – but almost always, we settle for creating an adult version of ourselves from the easy scraps we find before us on the road. Grab you chainsaw my friend and pick a spot to cut your own road. Look inside yourself, look at the people you admire, look at what you feel disdain about, look at what you think you can fix. Then make a plan and strike out on your way!When my father died at a relatively young age, it changed me. I decided that “people” must always come before “things” in this life. The only sure “heaven” that we have, is the one that we make on Earth, and regrets are most deeply felt when youth is gone. Cheers! And best of Luck to you!Reply ↓	Jim said: July 9, 201123:24Wow this is the nicest article I have read in so long real refreshing and I totally agree on all points you brought up bravo great job. God luck in what you end up doing.P.S. Your really inspiring and I hope others follow in making dramatic changes after reading your piece here.J.Reply ↓	Jeff Vouladakis said: July 9, 201123:44This prima donna quit as soon as he realized his personal politics and leftist agenda were being rejected by mainstream Canadians.This so called “journalist” is rather a left wing ideologue with delusions of being a northern version of Jon Stewart, Keith Olbermann.Jeff VouladakisReply ↓	Orwell's Bastard said: July 10, 201100:00Is this one of those penny-ante paid astroturfers? The approved talking points are there, but the spelling’s too good for this to be an authentic troll …Reply ↓	Terry Rudden said: July 10, 201110:51Funny how he doesn’t actually say anything to rebut the article, isn’t it? Just a poorly written bolus of conservative cliches.Reply ↓	simon bloch said: February 14, 201307:25Terry where are u? we are trying to find you?Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 10, 201111:35This is what right wingers seem to love doing to prove a point. Belittle, belittle, belittle. Your Facebook page tells the whole story of who you are and that is what is needed more macho bravado. It appears you like the Smiths, too bad Morrissey isn’t a huge W.Bush fan and who knows what his sexuality is, does that jig with your thoughts of the world, because Michelle Bachman doesn’t think so or her closeted husband. Such contradictions, such self loathing, nice male duck face pictures with the gangsta next to you.Reply ↓	Jeff Vouladakis said: July 11, 201112:28Haha what does music or my duckface have to do with calling out a shameless self promoter?Yes, the left never belittles those who they disagree with, what a frothing hypocrite.BTW Morrissey is a closet nationalist, The world is full of “contradictions” beyond your 2 dimensional understanding.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:22Are you self promoting yourself?I like your word: Hypocrite… Do you have any facts or real proof or are you just fake?You are a closet case: just don’t worry man, you can be gay!So your three sentences are three dimenttional… (willingfull error).At this point my gaol is to make you look bad with less sentences than you.Seems easy: you are so Unidimensional…Go ahead… make my day!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201123:13You are the first post on this board.Seems to me, you are part of the first wave of public relation handlers…Going back to your first post…You seem to be lazy…Please take more time to bring us your vision.Please show us you are not a spinner.I am looking forward to see your next post…I am looking forward to your challenge.You are either a tourist or a spinner…Please enjoy, I want to deal with you.We are on equal grounds here.So every stupid comment will be met with proper response…Going back to your words:– Haha what does music or my duckface have to do with calling out a shameless self promoter?Care to prove your points with facts, citations, description, anything but you shameless self promotion?– Yes, the left never belittles those who they disagree with, what a frothing hypocrite.Care to prove?– BTW Morrissey is a closet nationalist, The world is full of “contradictions” beyond your 2 dimensional understanding.Obviously you know better, please explain.So let’s recapitulate:Either you are a sheep or a hired gun…I would bet for the former…Do you sleep well?Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201113:18I think what you’ll find pretty universally among conscientious journalists is not a frustration at not being able to spout what you sneeringly call their “opinions” but of not being able to bring their full *intelligence* to the job, and being asked to spin information in ways that leave things out. Shallow people won’t have any problem doing the job, which is why so many dimbulbs can be found in the punditry. The corporate media is not a courageous institution, but a purely self-interested one, and they do all they can to avoid controversy – except fake controversy, which they like.It’s just not a job for someone with any self-respect, frankly.Reply ↓	ek said: July 12, 201114:12Have you done the job Scott? I love how any difference of opinion on this post is instantly boiled down to conspiracy theory like the comment from Orwell’s Bastard. As a veteran journalist i’ve NEVER been asked to ‘spin’ something a certain way in order to reflect the parent corporation. That is the job of PR reps. Jeff, keep up the posts!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:18Voulokadis is greek if I am not wrong?Hoew is going greek economy?Going back to Socrates…Are you saying something that is truth (failing here), interesting (failing here), etc (failing again).So using Socrates words: “ideals belong in a world only the wise man can understand”…So obviously your area not greek…So you must be a true Canadian…A real hard core Harper’s Canadian.God I am enjoying this!A la fox!Reply ↓	Vahan said: July 12, 201109:21I suppose Voulokadis is a Greek surname, and a funny thing my relatives are from Greece too. The country is in the dumpster because no one wants to pay taxes. The economy is under ground, yet they want the government to pay for everything. Two faced. Much like most of the right wing thinkers, we want small government, no intervention, free market. Until the free market crashes, then bail us out, bail us out we are too big to fail. Think about it, we survived this last depression because of government regulations. We have clean water to drink because of interference of government, we have healthier livestock, less recalls of food products (well had) because of regulations, which are being loosened. See the link? We could live happy and safe in the streets because of government, laws are protecting your investments for pensions, which are being whittled away slowly by this government. Hey let us really get rid of government, go wild west and see what happens. This macho, strutting, meat eating way of thinking is back asswards to an enlightened society. That is what progress is. That is why we wear seat belts in cars and helmets on bikes. We have grown as a society and have evolved and rules make us evolve further without worrying that we will die if we eat fresh meats and vegetables. So yeah go around walking like cowboys with your six shooter stances. Don’t you dare ever call the cops when someone robs you, they are part of the government. Yeehaw pardner……Reply ↓	PAM said: July 13, 201123:01I really love what you wrote.I did indeed challenged you but your reply show grast analysis.I may not be your friend, but you are mine!About six shooter stances, please look at my other posts…Sometimes, I do take the easy path.But with someone like you replying, I do find a true person.You are adding so much information and I do not see the usal stance here.I see a balance opinion and a bit of sorrowness about ther path taken.I see wisdom and I will give it to you (like if I could).To resume: I am impressed and I learned a lot from you!Please go one.What is the solution for Greece?Obviouly not the path the have taken… But still you showed there was things that was worth to preserve….Socrates, Plato and Aritotheles are still behind everybody’s mind: but the citizen have gone lazy!What is the solution for Greece?Reply ↓	tbedi said: July 9, 201123:46More of wise guys says that freedom is glory of life. Some people more important in their life not just from the job, but what they have done for other. Keep spirit and keep smilling…!Reply ↓	Pingback: Why he quit his job « The EgalitarianSean said: July 10, 201100:13Sir: keep on being awesome. Thanks for the profound read.Reply ↓	Philip Bonham said: July 10, 201100:30My days spent on the road living out of my van and being totally unaware of what tomorrow will bring have been the happiest and most rewarding days of my life. I headed west after graduating from university in environmental science and seeing how ignorant we are of our environmental footprint left a bitter taste in my mouth. Though the living has been tough, I would never go back and change my decision. I still long for the feeling of waking up somewhere new everyday, whether in the van or under the hospitable roof of the amazing people I’ve met along the way. I certainly envy you for what you are about to undergo, so I’m extending that same hospitality that I’ve received to you. If you should you find yourself in Whistler BC, look me up, I’ll certainly have a couch for you to crash on for a bit, some good trails for that bike of yours, and I’m sure some very good conversation. I look forward to it.Reply ↓	The Cynical Pharmacist said: July 10, 201100:42Good for you! Things will work out for you, they always do. Funny how I was just writing about this topic today and came across your post. It seems to be arising theme throughout the world lately.Reply ↓	Carlyn Craig said: July 10, 201100:44Good for you and thank you for taking what in today’s climate is a very brave stand. Every thoughtful Canadian wishes you luck and knows that with your integrity and intelligence, you will find a way to make a real difference. Follow your heart, it’s a good one!Reply ↓	Birdielein Towers said: July 10, 201100:47Hello there,While I dont completely agree with you about the conservatives, I do absolutely agree with you about the media and I respect the courage of your convictions. Not to have a lame ‘quoting a movie’ comment, but there is a great moment in the ‘American President’ where Michael J Fox and Michael Douglas are having an argument, and MJF says ‘They (the people) want leadership. They’re so thirsty for it they’ll crawl through the desert toward a mirage, and when they discover there’s no water, they’ll drink the sand. ‘The media has been handing us sand for so long, and it is refreshing to see a member of the media call out his industry on it. People no longer think for themselves. They smile and nod over their pizzas at the pap the media dishes out and never go a step further! It is so sad!Go forth and bring some water to the people! You have the skills.Reply ↓	Tana Paddock said: July 10, 201101:21Just want to say Bravo to you Kai. Reading your reflections reminded me of an interesting Ted Talk clip I just watched on the generative power of vulnerability. http://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_on_vulnerability.html.I have not doubt that this act of vulnerability will be generative for you and the world (and as I can see from the response you’ve received, it already has been)…even the periods of depression you might feel as a result of it.Watching the above clip on vulnerability and then reading your reflections and some of the ensuing comments on objectivity makes me wonder how we might integrate vulnerability and objectivity in journalism. I don’t think ‘objectivity’ or ‘balanced reporting’ is what we should be striving for. To me a good news story is one that that brings the black, white and grey areas of the issue into conversation with each other and is thought-provoking, ideally inspiring us to engage in dialogue with others. And since there is no such thing as ‘objectivity’, perhaps asking journalists to be a bit transparent about their own feelings about the stories they cover would be a better solution. Otherwise we continue to fool ourselves that what we are reading is objective, and we dehumanize the journalist in the meantime.Reply ↓	Ian said: July 10, 201101:28You’ve inspired me. Good luck.Reply ↓	Tana Paddock said: July 10, 201101:28Oh, and I’m also going to share your story with the folks at http://www.walkoutwalkon.net and the Learning Societies Network in India.Reply ↓	Daniel said: July 10, 201101:30As much as I appreciate your decision to quit as well as the onerous publish your reasoning, might I suggest the use f a tl;dr? Interesting as it is, this post is way too long for people on mobile devices.Reply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:29The irony! It burns!One of the major problems with media (of any sort, mainstream or otherwise) is the whole “sound bite” bullshit, and here we have someone positively SCREAMING for a sound bite instead of thoughtful reading.I mourn for humanity.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 15, 201123:28Can I suggest you: if tl;dr… Go away!Why do you even post here if you do not want to read?The quality of your life is directly proportianal to the details you put into it.Are you happy?I guess a simple life is the only answer to all your needs…Simple is good, why bother?Reply ↓	Kiki Proteau said: July 10, 201102:13Kudos for quiting your job! Because we all get to decided what we will tolerate in our lives.But please don’t cloak your leaving as a freedom fighter for the journalist. You say your job was good and you got to report on what you wanted to primarily, why not work your voice into your pieces, discusses having pieces that impact the people who feel you are representing.On your political opinions, you are a journalist, your research on topics are shameful, saying we didn’t win the UN Defence seat is ignorant… like believing we deserve the Olympics over another country, we were not shoe in, we weren’t even in the playing field. We serve better as the country the world turns to for peace keeping not making defence decisions. Portugal was voted for, and it had been a well know fact that they would be.You cal Murdochism the money machine that pushes it’s financial agendas…. really?? Tell me a company, a party or a country that doesn’t push it’s own financial agendas, money makes the world go round, or you’d be working on some land plot trying to grow crops to use for trade.And this climate issue, awareness is key, believing what few say is true, many scientist debunct this theory, many believe it’s a crash grab. Become educated on both sides.Please find something inspiring to do because it’s best for you, but referring to yourself as anything as progressive and thrashing voters is IGNORANT. People chose to go to the election polls because they feel heard, this may not reflect the left side currently, having you or calling anyone who disagrees with you sheep is NOT progressive.A little lesson for a bunch of you Progression is working with what you have and building on that! Tearing down to start from scratch is well beginning anew!And I love all your Jschool commentators, can you name me one of your profs who was a Right wing advocate? Just one, please! Should conservatives refuse to send their kids to Universities because their education isn’t balanced? Some in the world do, and the rest teach!Reply ↓	maggie muggins said: July 10, 201111:53Hi Kiki,I wouldn’t know where to start, with all the issues you put in your reply box. Just re: climate change – from The Guardian, 28 June, 2011:“One of the world’s most prominent scientific figures to be sceptical about climate change has admitted to being paid more than $1m in the past decade by major US oil and coal companies.Dr Willie Soon, an astrophysicist at the Solar, Stellar and Planetary Sciences Division of the Harvard-Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics, is known for his view that global warming and the melting of the arctic sea ice is caused by solar variation rather than human-caused CO2 emissions, and that polar bears are not primarily threatened by climate change.But according to a Greenpeace US investigation, he has been heavily funded by coal and oil industry interests since 2001, receiving money from ExxonMobil, the American Petroleum Institute and Koch Industries along with Southern, one of the world’s largest coal-burning utility companies. Since 2002, it is alleged, every new grant he has received has been from either oil or coal interests.”Dr. Soon, because he publishes in peer-reviewed literature, has a lot of influence. When someone like him is paid by the polluters and non-scientists like you and me don’t know that – that’s hideous! He also lied at a US Senate hearing about who he gets his funding from. So I’d get “educated”, as you say, on more than surface reporting. I think it’s stuff like this that Kai is talking about. How the heck was he supposed to “work his voice”, as you say, into reportage on climate change or any issue, when he knows what the Koch brothers do with their billions? I think you’ve been brainwashed. Sorry, it’s the only explanation. We all have been to some degree, until we dig deeper and wake up.http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2011/jun/28/climate-change-sceptic-willie-soonAnd what’s wrong with growing your own food? And heavens! Sharing or trading some of it with friends, family and neighbors! Chicken Little, the world is ending!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201100:51Did you know that in 4 minutes you posted that same post.Either you are a narcissist who wants to pass the same message or you are so full of yourself that you need to post it twice so your message is understood.Maybe you don’t know enough about computers… It must be that… You clicked twice because you are not aware of what you are doing.Did I say; you are narcissist or dum?I guess you have to read and understand…Can you read?Do you understand?See my reply on your second post…But I may come back because you have great intelligence…If I ever get a parrott, I will call him Kiki in souvenir of you…Reply ↓	Kiki Proteau said: July 10, 201102:17Kudos for quiting your job! Because we all get to decided what we will tolerate in our lives.But please don’t cloak your leaving as a freedom fighter for the journalist. You say your job was good and you got to report on what you wanted to primarily, why not work your voice into your pieces, why not discuss having pieces that impact the people who feel you are representing.On your political opinions, you are a journalist, your research on topics are shameful, saying we didn’t win the UN Defence seat is ignorant… like believing we deserve the Olympics over another country, we were not shoe in, we weren’t even in the playing field. We serve better as the country the world turns to for peace keeping not making defence decisions. Portugal was voted for, and it had been a well know fact that they would be.You call Murdochism the money machine that pushes it’s financial agendas…. really?? Tell me a company, a party or a country that doesn’t push it’s own financial agendas, money makes the world go round, or you’d be working on some land plot trying to grow crops to use for trade.And this climate issue, awareness is key, believing what few say is true, many scientist debunct this theory, many believe it’s a crash grab. Become educated on both sides.Please find something inspiring to do because it’s best for you, but referring to yourself as anything as progressive and thrashing voters is IGNORANT. People chose to go to the election polls because they feel heard, this may not reflect the left side currently, having you calling anyone who disagrees with you sheep is NOT progressive.A little lesson for a bunch of you Progression is working with what you have and building on that! Tearing down to start from scratch is well beginning anew!And I love all your Jschool commentators, can you name me one of your profs who was a Right wing advocate? Just one, please! Should conservatives refuse to send their kids to Universities because their education isn’t balanced? Some in the world do, and the rest teach!Reply ↓	Harry Leslie said: July 10, 201116:02Right wingers have to go, one way or another.Murdoch. Peladeau, it doesn’t matter, they have to be removed.Propaganda kills.Reply ↓	Max LeBlanc said: July 10, 201117:28Name just one, ONE person you have inspired advocating for big money.One?Reply ↓	Kiki Proteau said: July 11, 201116:00that’s a great argument Max! Answer the question with a question it shows a ton of intelect! Lack of conversation is what worries me about this post, it inspires the lack luster of intelligence to chime in with their ability to see what is good for the country but taking a stance on a side of politicis!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:25Lots of words but no answer.He asked you one question…Would you care to try for once in your life to answer?Seems you are tourist… you have more value: you are a tourist who does spin facts… without presenting them…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201100:59I do remember a master politician called PET…He was answering a question by a question.Are you saying that Trudeau lack intellect?So please do show us your wisdom and tell us what is needed for this country.Obviously you know better..We need your wisdom here…Please show us the truth as you seem to own it.BTW are you a fan of Harper?How about Bush?And Nixon?And Chretien?What are the politicans that represents your values?What are your values?With your behaviour, I am just waiting that you show us how we should run the world.You seem to know better than all of us together.You must be the messiah we all have been waiting for.Please do commit and show us…You have proven us you are great at bashing… Show us more about your true values.Shooting down someone is easy. Presenting options for the future is for real people.Please do tell us where you want to see us in 2 years, or 5 years from now…Show you have enough imagination to see a better future…For now, you are talking about the past…Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201101:05You are such a tourist that it is not even good to reply to you.Seems you are worthless to yourself and others.Can you try to bring new ideas and new solutions instead of lying and reinventing reality to fit your agenda?Do you have anything to bring to the table?In my post about GW, I did bring some new perspective that are trully mine.Can you bring anything to the table?Are you real?Do you have a name?Do you have any ideas to bring us and bring the debate to the next level?Bashers are like tourists to me… They come, the take pictures, say a stupid comment and then run away like cowards…Thing is: they are almost wrong all the time…Time to show you have something to bring to the table…Reply ↓	Mozes said: July 10, 201102:59I want to grow up one day and write the way you do. This is so compelling it makes me want to cry; I love it.Reply ↓	PAM said: July 18, 201101:06This actually means that you have everything in you to do it…If something can touch you… You can do it also!Reply ↓	Theresa said: July 10, 201103:06As a Canadian and Quebecoise living abroad, I share some of your concerns about the political direction that Canada is taking. I think it’s admirable that you are standing behind your beliefs and looking for another way to use your talents. I’m sure you will find it and will be all the more fulfilled.Reply ↓	Pingback: freefloatingintellectualTodd Kaighin said: July 10, 201103:34Kai: I grew up in the media and have been witnessing, sadly, exactly what you’re talking about for several years since the ‘group buy-outs’ of media-chains buy comglomerate media firms.We are working on a series of stories about the challenges faced by Medical Cannabis patients and the Harper-driven *need* to eliminate the system almost completely – leaving thousands (perhaps 10s of 1,000s) of patients ‘dry’ and for most unable to afford their Legal medicine from Cannabis Club (also not legal and facing elimination).Would you be interested in hosting and telling our story?ToddReply ↓	Mike Wood said: July 10, 201105:23Kai, Fantastic piece of writing. One of the best by any journalist in a very long time. Sums up many issues with the media that are on the surface – and suspected from a viewer’s perspective, but not outlined by industry insiders too often. A bold step and a right one to take.All the best.Reply ↓	Vincent Bouré said: July 10, 201105:53Nice write-up. It resonated strongly with me. If you replace ‘journalism’ with ‘renewable energy engineering’ and ‘please the greater number with easily digested stories’ with ‘sell as many turbines/dams as possible, no matter the local conditions’ it’s pretty much what I went through last year.I quit my job the day I turned 25 and left Montréal for Sweden to study sustainable development and figure out my next move. I’m still in the dark as to what to do now, but I never regretted getting out of the ‘system’.Hope you figure out how to best use those skills of yours! And please keep us updated on your train of thoughts!Reply ↓	Cara Gibbons said: July 10, 201106:20Congratulations on this new direction in your life, and also on this excellent piece of writing. I enjoyed reading it and will share it widely. Cheers.Reply ↓	Wendy said: July 10, 201106:48These ideals are truly something to aspire to. As a student in the field of broadcasting, I certainly believe this manifesto has given me some direction. Thank you for writing this!Reply ↓	Frank said: July 10, 201107:09Not a single one of these 300 comments matter. You’re listening to your inner voice and that can’t be debated.This is truly inspiring and I wish you the best of luck.Reply ↓	Lesley said: July 10, 201107:13This was an amazing and really inspiring read. As someone who often hands out less-than-satisfactory responses on behalf of our government, I would love it if more journalists were asking the hard questions and being heard.Reply ↓	kainagata said: September 2, 201100:28Do you care to send me a direct message on facebook or Twitter?Reply ↓	Canadian Pianist said: July 10, 201107:27THANK YOU. May you find your true calling.Reply ↓	Pingback: Best of #Hackgate commentary (4) « Slugger O'ToolePamela said: July 10, 201107:39hats off to you! I graduated from the Ryerson Radio and TV program many years back. There was for me always a big disconnect between what i and my classmates were learning and acknowledgement of the incredible potential and impact of the medium we were learning to model and craft. I had trouble suppressing my opinions even then which did not bode well for a fine future in Canadian broadcasting…successive dumbing down combined with the sheer overwhelming volume of eye candy slot filling has transformed (not for the better) what I once believed to be the most powerful mediium of television. Happily radio is not yet entirely dead, though hurting. The web has finally become what I hoped television might…a venue for wide, varied and sometimes very small important voices. This may not last long in the current reining ideological climate but we can work to keep it open and accessible. I have turned to much more direct and dare I say it spiritual and heart based work in very recent years that makes me feel much more aligned heart, head and hands. I still get a nostalgic wince every now and again when I see or read a powerful piece of reporting but know that I have made the right decision. To thine own self be true. Here’s to your journey of discovery. Kudos!Reply ↓	Castorius Cornéliadis said: July 10, 201108:07Hi Kai,You just wrote a “page-turner” (!!!). I guess you now know why the “alternate medias” are hugely popular…Reply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:33Alternate media, tragically, is just as prone to spin, ideology and groupthink as is mainstream media.Reply ↓	Brent Gulanowski said: July 10, 201108:07Please run for office!Reply ↓	PAM said: July 11, 201123:27You are the one.He will never do this!A corrupted place like parliement is not a place for mister Nagata.Obviouly, Governments have given up.See “the power of nightmares”…it shows Bush and Quted reality…Reply ↓	cyndygreen said: July 10, 201108:11The issue of giving the public what they want vs. what they need to know has been with the media for decades. One thing I’ve learned (in my decades) is that the pendulum swings…this way and then back. And no, you can’t effect change by yourself in massive ways. However, you CAN try to hold back the tide and stand for your own principles and those you feel serve your community. In the end this too fails. Trying to channel what is right as part of a small ethical minority is overwhelming…the surge of ignorance and mob behavior cannot be overcome by a small dedicated group (my humble opinion only). The masses want what they want and only at the last minute when it is too late will they realize what they have missed.I wish you well in your journey.Reply ↓	blackredvixen said: July 10, 201108:18It’s rare we come across someone such as yourself who finds they can’t sacrifice personal integrity for the big paycheque and perks. You should be proud of yourself.A great article and I hope that many will learn from your experience.All the best on your journey back home, as well as your journey toward the next phase of your life. I’m confident that whatever your next career might be, it will work out great for you.Reply ↓	D Smith said: July 10, 201108:18Well done. Beautiful decision, and eloquent statement. We should all try to find the courage to break free of this prison we’re constructing for ourselves. Thank you.Reply ↓	Gloria Varley said: July 10, 201108:32You are exactly the kind of person Canada needs to speak out about the wash of distraction which too often masquerades as news. All good luck in your future endeavors!Reply ↓	Kenneth Ross Gillis said: July 10, 201108:33Humanity Lives!Reply ↓	Garry Boychuk said: July 10, 201108:53Bravo! A brave and bold step. I have mixed feeling of hope and cynicism. Hope for you and your like minded generation, cynicism for the establishment. Take heart, there will be change, if for no other reason than you will outlive the b@stards.Reply ↓	MsSara said: July 10, 201108:57It’s nice that you have opinions and good for you for caring about the world you live in. But being voluntarily unemployed in a market scarcely if at all out of the worst economic conditions in 60 years, to make an idealist point? Last figure I heard was still 14 million unemployed Americans. To say nothing of the youth employment crisis here. Believe me, there are a lot of intelligent ppl who are not making a living by other ppl listening to their thoughts on life and society. Especially if you are only 24 – I am only 32 and I wouldn’t give you the credibility you expect as some kind of right. It seems pretty clear you’ve never had to work for rent money, and you are about to learn some things the hard way, probably while serving food or sweating outdoors. Good luck and all, but don’t be encouraging others to take unrealistic and unnecessary chances. Follow your dreams and your conscience, by all means, but we must make some concessions to social reality.Reply ↓	prin said: July 10, 201109:39The take away message from this comment:Don’t be a dreamer and definitely don’t encourage others to dream because the world is a cynical place.Reply ↓	Terry Rudden said: July 10, 201110:47Short summary: be afraid, and don’t ever rock the boat.Reply ↓	Jan said: July 10, 201112:20nicely said,Terry.On second thought, stay in your job because of the “youth unemployment crisis”, Kai. That’ll make all the difference.insert ‘eye roll’ emoticon here.Reply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:35MsSara: It is precisely in times of turmoil and uncertainty that the young SHOULD be looking toward their ideals and toward the leading voices of their generation to undo the damage we old farts have done to the world.It is the coward who says “yes, this is unjust, but at least I get paid”.Reply ↓	George Tsikouras said: July 11, 201110:23I agree with MsSara, the world isn’t perfect and is rarely going to perfectly reflect your ideals. Taking a stand against it is admirable in a way, but also foolhardy and unlikely to effect any real change. By contrast, perhaps by staying in the field, the author might have been able to eventually steer news coverage toward the issues he felt were most important.Reply ↓	Chris said: July 13, 201108:28Change more often occurs from the bottom up/ outside than top down/within. If the public start demonstrating a belief in values that differ from those in the media or political parties, you can be sure that the media and political parties will adapt to reach out for their purchase/vote. All major change in the last century began with grass roots movements (civil rights, suffragettes, gay rights, etc.) and the debate they influenced. I feel Kai has inspired more debate and opportunity for change with this blog, than he ever could from continuing within the field.Reply ↓	ek said: July 12, 201114:15Best post yet.Reply ↓	Mark Bennett said: July 10, 201109:11Great post! As a regular news junkie I don’t often think about the pressures faced by journalists in Canada. I’m sure we’ll hear more from you soon!Reply ↓	Michael Nesbitt said: July 10, 201109:16The internet has space for those who want to approach the NEWS from a different angle. Use it.As for your future, you should maybe have pared down to what you could carry on a bicycle and trailer. Believe me, THAT’s a change.Best wishes.Reply ↓	Pingback: The Lost Generation | MissManifestoHSB said: July 10, 201109:27Congratulations on taking your values back, it takes only a second to stand up for your believes. Action that is mindful and respects all life is a honor to the sacredness of life itself.It is the people of today that will change the world of tomorrow.Here is to you. ‘…to the best life you feel is right for you, stay true to your heart and always keep your mind free.’ As my father once said. “Never let anyone take your mind.”HSB.Reply ↓	Randy Chatterjee said: July 10, 201109:37What have we become when we have to apologize for thinking? What have we become when our society defends exploitation and complicity?Moral hazards and conflicts of interest have come to spawn public policy, rather than being outlawed by it.Welcome to the origins of Generation whY.May our youth inherit the earth before there is nothing left to inherit.May they learn from our mistakes, and may we commit to teaching them all what little we know, at least about what should not be, for they are we and we are they.Reply ↓	douglas williams said: July 10, 201110:37Contact Amy Goodman at Democracy Now and offer to become the Canadian voice. The absence of serious opposition here is the situation’s most appalling aspect. Canadians are pathetic. Great article.Reply ↓	maggie muggins said: July 10, 201112:08+1Reply ↓	Chris said: July 10, 201110:40Tip of the iceberg.Reply ↓	Nicolas Falcimaigne said: July 10, 201110:42Bravo!Si vous voulez écrire en français, devenez membre de notre équipe de la Coopérative de journalisme indépendant: http://www.journalensemble.coopIf you prefer writing in English, join the MediaCoop team: http://www.mediacoop.caI have no TV. 🙂Reply ↓	Luc Latulippe said: July 10, 201110:51Intelligent, heart-felt, and sadly very accurate. I applaud your decision and wish you the best. I hope we see you out there continuing to report on the truth though. It seems that’s one thing you’re strongly committed to, and people like you are few these days.Reply ↓	bienemeyer said: July 10, 201110:51Thinking about quitting my job, I can only admire this !! Kudos !! And best of luck 🙂Reply ↓	Dan Ripley said: July 10, 201111:12Thanks and congratulations. You have a very interesting life ahead. Let us hear about it.Reply ↓	improperusername said: July 10, 201111:27My suggestion is that you develop a webcast. I think TV is so 1950’s. 😉You wrote >The idea has taken root that if the people reporting the news look like your family and neighbours, instead of Barbie and Ken, the station will lose viewers.>Thank you for mentioning that. I find myself repelled by all the plastic, bleached blonde Barbie bimbos and Kens who read the news on the tube now.Reply ↓	Isabelle Roughol said: July 10, 201111:35Hey Kai,I know nothing about Canada but I can relate to your struggles with TV news. I’m a journalist myself (print, thank God), have always been passionate about journalism and lost a lot of my illusions in the working world. I’ve been struggling lately to recapture the passion of my J-school years (only 3 years ago…).Good luck in your search. You sound like an intelligent, articulate young man. Whatever you do, I’m sure you’ll make this world a slightly better place.Reply ↓	Daly de Gagné said: July 10, 201111:56Kai, you have given us much to think about in such a short time; that in itself is an accomplishment and a testament to your ability to communicate what is important.I appreciate your metaphors associated with water, the river, the well – indeed, it seems you have tapped into a stream which both resonates with what you have to say, and which will carry you forward. Though the river cannot be pushed, one can flow with it in marvelous ways. For those who are mindful Budo and the Zen teachings are a boon on the way.We so need a national discussion which is values-based (integrity, compassion, human needs, child honouring), and focuses on public life and policy, and the role of journalism in an increasingly technologically centric society where economic and market imperatives seem to have become determining criteria, the benchmarks if you will, for all else. That this state of being is ultimately alienating, divisive, and unable to cope with the relational needs we have to live in thriving communities where we are valued for who we are, seems to me to go without saying. Except, it needs to be said.I won’t presume to suggest where you should go with this amazing journey you’ve begun, other than to say what you already know – and that is to be faithful to the process. Many people, myself included, will follow your writings – and whatever they may lead to – with interest and appreciation. Your words reflect integrity and wisdom – thank you indeed.DalyReply ↓	Von Allan said: July 10, 201112:03Hi Kai,I think much of what you outline here is why I’ve switched so much of my own media consumption from mainstream media to alternative media. I think what people like Paul Jay is doing at The Real News (http://therealnews.com) and what Amy Goodman is doing at Democracy Now! (http://www.democracynow.org/) is far more interesting and far more relevant to my own life than absorbing content from the CBC, CTV, the Globe and Mail, the New York Times and the like.I did want to quibble a bit with one thing you wrote. You mentioned, “People like low-nutrition TV, too. And that shapes the internal, self-regulated editorial culture of news.” You may be right on this, but I suspect that the lack of real alternatives (or rather the perceived lack) is more to blame than anything else. In my own case, I had to really reject the status quo of mainstream media and seek out alternatives. And I couldn’t find them by simply switching the channel. At least not here in Ottawa.Best of luck to you going forward, too.Reply ↓	walkerp said: July 10, 201112:08A great and courageous decision. I applaud your move and wish you luck in the future. Your clearly a smart and talented guy. The only question is going to be where you will put your skills. I hope to see the positive impact from that in the future. Hell, I’d put you in charge of the CBC yesterday.Reply ↓	Nick Manes said: July 10, 201112:16Kai, thank you so much for your post. I have been working as a freelance journalist for the last year and a half or so. This post sums up almost exactly why I decided I wanted to become a journo. Since undertaking the profession, I have mostly gotten work in what would be described as “fluff,” arts, entertainment, etc. While I have enjoyed the work, it has always been somewhat bothersome to me that I haven’t had much success in straight, hard-hitting reporting. But what has occurred to me, and your manifesto helped put into perspective, is that journalism in it’s current state lacks the ability to impact meaningful change.I wish you nothing but the best in your travels and hope that whatever you find yourself doing next fills you with happiness.-Nick ManesReply ↓	Ryan said: July 10, 201112:32you should start a version of democracynow.org here in canada. With your experience, we could have a truly independent media voice.There are many people, many journalists who feel the same way you do. Your passion is obviously journalism, you just want it to be real journalism.like they say, if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself!! You’d have plenty of support along the way!!Reply ↓	John said: July 10, 201112:33I got about 20% through your whiny little blubberfest then I realized I didn’t give a shit WHY you quit and stopped reading.I was simply glad there was 1 less loud mouth, holier-than-thou, self appointed know-it-all, elitist “news” person in the industry.Please let the door hit you in your pampered fat ass on the way out & don’t come back.Reply ↓	Max LeBlanc said: July 10, 201117:1320%? So you don’t have a CLUE of what you’re talking about.If you don’t give a shit, why post a reply? You mean you don’t give a ”what you’re full of”?Anyways, you can collect your paycheck from the conservatives, now. You’ve done your dirty deed alright.Reply ↓	MichaelWH said: July 11, 201101:37You don’t give a shit and you don’t give a shit so much you took the time out to tell us all how little of a shit you give.Tell me, John, is irony, to you, just like goldy and bronzy only made of iron?Reply ↓	Rachael Picard said: July 10, 201112:33Kai Nagata is one of the more trite writers I have encountered in a long while. While I appreciate the sentiment, I would like him to find himself along with the proper use of a semicolon.I feel that a lot was negated when he broached the CBC and their lack of public funding. I don’t know what you plan to find when you get over the rainbow, but I think you will find it very disappointing. Many of us call this “reality”, pretty boy.Reply ↓	Scott Lahteine said: July 10, 201113:24“along with the proper use of a semicolon”That is a popular joke in writers’ groups.Reply ↓	Jan said: July 10, 201113:36Sarcasm = lowest form of witPunctuation Police and the use of the pubescent term “pretty boy”= lowest form of discussionReply ↓	Rachael Picard said: July 10, 201114:21Kai Nagata is someo"
