"Junior UI/UX Designer at Fleeetjump to myfleeet.com »« Back to full jobs listJunior UI/UX DesignerdesignPublished at Aug 06, 2019Who we areCities of the world are changing the way we move within them. People, as well as companies, are responsible for reducing pollution, increasing the accessibility and improve the use of public spaces.At Fleeet, we offer mobility solutions for companies that want to optimize their mobility performance.We’re currently growing, hiring new talent. We need help, and we want to hire a Junior UI/UX Designer to join our team.Who you areSuperstar? Pass. Friendly and thoughtful? Let’s talk.We are looking for Managers of One: people that come up with their own goals and work on them. They don’t need constant check-ins. They do what a manager would do — set the tone, assign items, determine what needs to get done, etc.You are a person that works side by side with development, operations and business teams to achieve the best user experience, discovering the right problem to solve.If you consider yourself a learner, a thoughtful, kind, supportive person, you might fit in here.We do think -as a lot of other product and tech companies- that diversity is essential for making great services, and that it has a more profound value beyond money. That’s the reason why we are working on building the most diverse we can (gender, race, people with functional diversity, etc.), people with different backgrounds, experiences, and capabilities.We believe that better products are built when the team is genuinely inclusive. The more diverse we are as a team, the more impact we have as a company.Here’s what we offerPersonal and professional growth in a young work environment that does everything possible to enjoy while working.Flexibility and responsibility. We rely on goals, not schedules.Remote is welcome, whenever you need to, as long as the work is done.Voice. The decisions are made by the entire team, horizontally, regardless of position or seniority.Salary based on your skills and experience.Full-time indefinite contract.What do we needStrong Visual Design skills.Analyze before design as a priority.Data is your friend. Don’t be afraid!That you love changes and improves. Iterating is fine.Experience defining and conceptualizing digital products; web and mobile designs.Sketch app is your great ally. Bye Adobe.Collaborate with the rest of the teams to carry out the tasks; yours and others.At least 1 or 2 years of experience. It is not essential, but we would like you to have some experience.English. It’s not that we use it daily, but we already know that all the documentation on the internet is in English.Extra points ifYou have worked with Zeplin, Invision, Trello, Slack, and Notion.Google Analytics is no a secret for you.You like things with wheels. It is not mandatory, but desirable :)Do you want to apply?If you like what you see send us an email toproduct@myfleeet.comIf you don’t see the kind of opportunity you’re looking for, you can always email jobs@myfleeet.com to tell us more.We are also on LinkedIn, in case you prefer to drop us a line there.2019 © Dynamic Fleet Automotivea B4Motion company"
