"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs11 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchSpark Digital Media Cloud Machine Learning Data ScienceRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9054) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6) Data Analysis (6)Python (6) Software Engineering (6) Excel (5) Data Management (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Big Data (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) ETL (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSenior Software Engineer, Data PlatformRecursion Salt Lake City, UTWHAT WE DO At Recursion we combine experimental biology, automation, and artificial intelligence to quickly and efficiently identify treatments for human diseases. We are transforming drug discovery into a data science problem by building a platform for rapid biological experimentation, data generation and availability, automated analysis, model training, and prediction. THE IMPACT YOU'LL MAKE Create a world-class data platform. You'll work with Biologists, Automation Scientists, and Data Scientists to create a platform that allows them to generate and access petabytes of data, gives them tools to quickly iterate on novel analysis, and deploy new deep learning models into the production data pipeline. Build, scale, and operate a streaming data pipeline. You'll be on a team responsible for moving, processing, and analyzing over 60 terabytes of data each week. Provide visibility into operations. You'll create tools, dashboards, and metrics to help lab operations...Jan 20, 2021Full-timeWHAT WE DO At Recursion we combine experimental biology, automation, and artificial intelligence to quickly and efficiently identify treatments for human diseases. We are transforming drug discovery into a data science problem by building a platform for rapid biological experimentation, data generation and availability, automated analysis, model training, and prediction. THE IMPACT YOU'LL MAKE Create a world-class data platform. You'll work with Biologists, Automation Scientists, and Data Scientists to create a platform that allows them to generate and access petabytes of data, gives them tools to quickly iterate on novel analysis, and deploy new deep learning models into the production data pipeline. Build, scale, and operate a streaming data pipeline. You'll be on a team responsible for moving, processing, and analyzing over 60 terabytes of data each week. Provide visibility into operations. You'll create tools, dashboards, and metrics to help lab operations...Demand Generation ManagerQuorum Analytics Washington D.C., DC, USAConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Dec 29, 2020Full-timeConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Clinical Data ScientistPfizer Peapack, NJ, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Sr. Data ManagerPfizer Groton, CT, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Principal Data Platform ArchitectSnowflake Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Junior Data AnalystMultiverse New Jersey, USAChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Dec 18, 2020ApprenticeshipChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Frontend DeveloperCactus Communications RemoteAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Principal Data EngineerAmgen Tampa, FL, USAWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
