"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs20 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity GIS - Remote Sensing Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater Energy EfficiencyRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (744) Environmental Science - Engineering (23) Sustainability (23) Climate Change/ Resiliency (17) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (17) Management (16)Waste Management - Recycling (16) Conservation/ Natural Resources (15) Advocacy and Policy (14) Biology - Ecology (13) Communication - Public Outreach (13) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (11) Water Quality (11) Research (10) Environmental Planning - NEPA (6) Environmental Protection (6) Environmental & Energy Law (5) Renewable Energy (5) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (5) Cultural Resources (4) Energy (4) Air Quality (4) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (4) Administrator/Executive (3) Business Development (2) Law Enforcement (2) Parks (2) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Faculty/Instructor (1) Technology (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (7) North Dakota (2) Arizona (1) California (1) Maryland (1) Michigan (1)New York (1) Ohio (1) Oregon (1) Remote (1) Texas (1) Vermont (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSeasonal Island RangersBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAPart-time, seasonal position from May 15th through August 31st Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: May 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water in Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected, nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Patrol eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island and promote compliance with island rules and regulations regarding protected shorebird species. Enforce island regulations to protect listed shorebird species. Educate visitors regarding island rules, regulations, and safety concerns. Educate visitors on Dead Neck Sampson’s Island about coastal water birds and barrier island ecology. Collect data on visitors. Carry out other tasks as needed and assigned by Island Manager....Jan 25, 2021SeasonalPart-time, seasonal position from May 15th through August 31st Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: May 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water in Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected, nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Patrol eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island and promote compliance with island rules and regulations regarding protected shorebird species. Enforce island regulations to protect listed shorebird species. Educate visitors regarding island rules, regulations, and safety concerns. Educate visitors on Dead Neck Sampson’s Island about coastal water birds and barrier island ecology. Collect data on visitors. Carry out other tasks as needed and assigned by Island Manager....Seasonal Island MonitorsBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAPart-time, seasonal position from April through August Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: April 1st Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Monitor nesting piping plovers and least terns on barrier island in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Locate and identify piping plover and least tern nesting sites and broods. Collect and record biological and behavioral data on piping plovers, least terns, and other listed shorebirds, including nest locations and abundance, along with associated environmental data. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Educate island visitors on coastal waterbird conservation...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalPart-time, seasonal position from April through August Hours: Flexible, Fridays through Mondays, 20-30 hours/week Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00/hour Start date: April 1st Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include: Monitor nesting piping plovers and least terns on barrier island in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Locate and identify piping plover and least tern nesting sites and broods. Collect and record biological and behavioral data on piping plovers, least terns, and other listed shorebirds, including nest locations and abundance, along with associated environmental data. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Educate island visitors on coastal waterbird conservation...Seasonal Island ManagerBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAFull-time, seasonal position from March 15th through August 31st Hours Variable, including weekends and holidays, 40 hours/week for 20 weeks Salary Range: $18.00-$20.00/hour Start Date: March 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include, but not limited to: Coordinate management of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island shorebird monitoring program in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Train and supervise island monitors and rangers. Assist with construction and maintenance of symbolic and electric fencing. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Produce weekly reports on island activities including shorebird and island visitor data. Educate public on coastal waterbird...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalFull-time, seasonal position from March 15th through August 31st Hours Variable, including weekends and holidays, 40 hours/week for 20 weeks Salary Range: $18.00-$20.00/hour Start Date: March 15th Barnstable Clean Water Coalition (BCWC) is a non-profit organization working to restore and preserve clean water throughout Barnstable. BCWC owns and manages the eastern end of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island, a 1.4-mile barrier beach that is the site of protected nesting shorebirds. Duties Include, but not limited to: Coordinate management of Dead Neck Sampson’s Island shorebird monitoring program in conjunction with MA Audubon Coastal Waterbird Program staff. Train and supervise island monitors and rangers. Assist with construction and maintenance of symbolic and electric fencing. Monitor avian and mammalian predator activity. Produce weekly reports on island activities including shorebird and island visitor data. Educate public on coastal waterbird...Water Quality Monitoring AssistantBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAThe Monitoring Assistant will work with BCWC staff and partners in support of multiple water quality monitoring programs (groundwater, estuary, pond, bog, and streams) focused on the assessment and tracking of nutrient pollution in waters throughout the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Collect water samples and associated water quality measurements, including dissolved oxygen, turbidity, and temperature. Perform laboratory analysis of water samples. Maintain sampling and monitoring equipment. Data entry and processing in Excel. Assist BCWC staff with other programs as needed. Qualifications: Must be 18 years or older, preference given to students, currently enrolled in, or recently graduated from a college or university with a major/degree in marine/environmental science, biology, ecology, natural resource management, or related disciplines. Experience with water quality monitoring and associated equipment. Basic...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalThe Monitoring Assistant will work with BCWC staff and partners in support of multiple water quality monitoring programs (groundwater, estuary, pond, bog, and streams) focused on the assessment and tracking of nutrient pollution in waters throughout the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Collect water samples and associated water quality measurements, including dissolved oxygen, turbidity, and temperature. Perform laboratory analysis of water samples. Maintain sampling and monitoring equipment. Data entry and processing in Excel. Assist BCWC staff with other programs as needed. Qualifications: Must be 18 years or older, preference given to students, currently enrolled in, or recently graduated from a college or university with a major/degree in marine/environmental science, biology, ecology, natural resource management, or related disciplines. Experience with water quality monitoring and associated equipment. Basic...Aquaculture/Water Quality InternshipBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAInterns assist with the care of oysters and maintenance of upweller tank located on Hyannis Harbor. In addition, interns will be involved with water quality and marine invasive species monitoring programs at several locations in the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Assist with the daily care of oysters at off-site upweller tank on Hyannis Harbor. Sort and track growth of oysters. Clean and maintain upweller and equipment. Collect and analyze water samples from upweller and harbor. Data entry and processing of oyster and water quality data in Excel. Assist with community outreach and education on oysters and water quality. Assist with other water sampling programs and marine invasive species monitoring. Assist BCWC staff with other duties as needed. Weekly stipend offered. Interns must provide own housing and transportation. Part-time, June through August Hours: Flexible, including weekends, 20-30 hours/week...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidInterns assist with the care of oysters and maintenance of upweller tank located on Hyannis Harbor. In addition, interns will be involved with water quality and marine invasive species monitoring programs at several locations in the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Assist with the daily care of oysters at off-site upweller tank on Hyannis Harbor. Sort and track growth of oysters. Clean and maintain upweller and equipment. Collect and analyze water samples from upweller and harbor. Data entry and processing of oyster and water quality data in Excel. Assist with community outreach and education on oysters and water quality. Assist with other water sampling programs and marine invasive species monitoring. Assist BCWC staff with other duties as needed. Weekly stipend offered. Interns must provide own housing and transportation. Part-time, June through August Hours: Flexible, including weekends, 20-30 hours/week...General Engineer / Physical ScientistU.S. Environmental Protection Agency Ann Arbor, MI, USASummary This position is in the Office of Air and Radiation, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Assessment and Standards Division, Fuels Center. If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement. About the Office of Air and Radiation . Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Gather and analyze scientific data and information to assist in developing Agency policies on fuel control strategies; Participate in evaluating and modeling projects on fuel changes to assess the impact on vehicle/engine emissions and performance; Assist in the evaluation and modeling of new renewable and alternative fuels to assess environmental and marketplace impacts; Participate in projects representing the Agency’s operating programs for transportation fuels to provide recommendations for advancing programs and methods. When entering a Federal job at a grade level lower than the highest...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSummary This position is in the Office of Air and Radiation, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Assessment and Standards Division, Fuels Center. If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement. About the Office of Air and Radiation . Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Gather and analyze scientific data and information to assist in developing Agency policies on fuel control strategies; Participate in evaluating and modeling projects on fuel changes to assess the impact on vehicle/engine emissions and performance; Assist in the evaluation and modeling of new renewable and alternative fuels to assess environmental and marketplace impacts; Participate in projects representing the Agency’s operating programs for transportation fuels to provide recommendations for advancing programs and methods. When entering a Federal job at a grade level lower than the highest...EPA Aquatic Resources Impacts InternshipOak Ridge Associated Universities Dallas, TX, USAOrganization U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Reference Code EPA-REG6-2020-01 How to Apply A complete application consists of: An application Transcripts – Click here for detailed information about acceptable transcripts A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list One educational or professional recommendation All documents must be in English or include an official English translation. If you have questions, send an email to EPArpp@orau.org . Please include the reference code for this opportunity in your email. Application Deadline 2/3/2021 10:06:09 AM Eastern Time Zone Description *Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis. A research opportunity is available at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Region 6, Dallas, TX in the NPDES/Wetlands Review Section. Research project opportunity to review mitigation bank types and evaluate their...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidOrganization U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Reference Code EPA-REG6-2020-01 How to Apply A complete application consists of: An application Transcripts – Click here for detailed information about acceptable transcripts A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list One educational or professional recommendation All documents must be in English or include an official English translation. If you have questions, send an email to EPArpp@orau.org . Please include the reference code for this opportunity in your email. Application Deadline 2/3/2021 10:06:09 AM Eastern Time Zone Description *Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis. A research opportunity is available at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Region 6, Dallas, TX in the NPDES/Wetlands Review Section. Research project opportunity to review mitigation bank types and evaluate their...USFS Stream Flow Permanence Data Analysis and Modeling InternshipOak Ridge Associated Universities Corvallis, OR, USAOrganization U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Reference Code USDA-USFS-2021-0042 How to Apply A complete application package consists of: An application Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted. Selected candidate must provide proof of completion of the degree before the appointment can start. All transcripts must be in English or include an official English translation. Click Here for detailed information about acceptable transcripts. A current resume/CV Two educational or professional recommendations All documents must be in English or include an official English translation. Description *Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis. USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research training opportunity is available at the USDA Forest Service, Pacific Northwest...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidOrganization U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Reference Code USDA-USFS-2021-0042 How to Apply A complete application package consists of: An application Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted. Selected candidate must provide proof of completion of the degree before the appointment can start. All transcripts must be in English or include an official English translation. Click Here for detailed information about acceptable transcripts. A current resume/CV Two educational or professional recommendations All documents must be in English or include an official English translation. Description *Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis. USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research training opportunity is available at the USDA Forest Service, Pacific Northwest...Natural Resources InternSWCA Westborough, MA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA is seeking a Natural Resources Summer Intern for Summer 2021 for our Westborough, MA location. SWCA provides a range of services including ecological design, landscape architecture, environmental site assessment, resource identification, environmental planning, permitting, mitigation, restoration, and remediation. The Firm employs designers and scientists with expertise, interest, and experience to perform tasks with professional acumen and attention to detail. The Natural Resources department employs professional wetland scientists, certified soil scientists, certified wildlife biologists, GIS specialists, environmental designers and planners, and environmental engineers. What you will accomplish The Natural Resources Internship is specifically targeted to assisting wetland scientists with wetland delineations in the field. However, the intern may also have the opportunity to work on other projects such as rare species and...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidAbout the opportunity SWCA is seeking a Natural Resources Summer Intern for Summer 2021 for our Westborough, MA location. SWCA provides a range of services including ecological design, landscape architecture, environmental site assessment, resource identification, environmental planning, permitting, mitigation, restoration, and remediation. The Firm employs designers and scientists with expertise, interest, and experience to perform tasks with professional acumen and attention to detail. The Natural Resources department employs professional wetland scientists, certified soil scientists, certified wildlife biologists, GIS specialists, environmental designers and planners, and environmental engineers. What you will accomplish The Natural Resources Internship is specifically targeted to assisting wetland scientists with wetland delineations in the field. However, the intern may also have the opportunity to work on other projects such as rare species and...Biological Field Technician (Botanical Specialty)SWCA Phoenix, AZ, U.S.About the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants has an exciting opportunity for field biologists with particular experience completing botanical surveys in the southwest. We are looking for biologists for both Tucson and Phoenix offices. This is a temporary, hourly position depending on workload needs, with the potential for career growth. What you will accomplish Under the supervision of a botany crew leader, the successful applicant will survey and map plants in the southwestern deserts, including native and non-native species. These surveys will be conducted in various vegetation types throughout central and southern Arizona and southern New Mexico. Tasks required include field surveys (primarily for vegetation, but also wildlife when needed), data collection such as photographing and documenting field site conditions, habitat, identification of species and landforms. Use topographic maps, aerial photographs, GPS units, and other maps and tools to...Jan 25, 2021TemporaryAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants has an exciting opportunity for field biologists with particular experience completing botanical surveys in the southwest. We are looking for biologists for both Tucson and Phoenix offices. This is a temporary, hourly position depending on workload needs, with the potential for career growth. What you will accomplish Under the supervision of a botany crew leader, the successful applicant will survey and map plants in the southwestern deserts, including native and non-native species. These surveys will be conducted in various vegetation types throughout central and southern Arizona and southern New Mexico. Tasks required include field surveys (primarily for vegetation, but also wildlife when needed), data collection such as photographing and documenting field site conditions, habitat, identification of species and landforms. Use topographic maps, aerial photographs, GPS units, and other maps and tools to...Lead Analyst - SustainabilityNew York Power Authority White Plains, NY, USASummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Environmental ScientistJacobs Boston, MA, USAOur People & Places Solutions business – reinforces our drive to improve the lives of people everywhere and epitomizes the “why” of what we do – the tremendous positive impact and value our solutions bring to our communities and society as a whole. From facilities delivering life-saving therapies and ensuring clean water to enabling the connection of people through all modes of transportation and providing access to technology – we’re integrating a multitude of these solution elements to build the smart environments of tomorrow. Start your Jacobs career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed – today and into tomorrow. Your Impact: We’re seeking an environmental scientist who can lead wetland permitting and compliance efforts for transportation, water and other infrastructure projects. Work will include the identification of permitting and regulatory requirements for a variety of public and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeOur People & Places Solutions business – reinforces our drive to improve the lives of people everywhere and epitomizes the “why” of what we do – the tremendous positive impact and value our solutions bring to our communities and society as a whole. From facilities delivering life-saving therapies and ensuring clean water to enabling the connection of people through all modes of transportation and providing access to technology – we’re integrating a multitude of these solution elements to build the smart environments of tomorrow. Start your Jacobs career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed – today and into tomorrow. Your Impact: We’re seeking an environmental scientist who can lead wetland permitting and compliance efforts for transportation, water and other infrastructure projects. Work will include the identification of permitting and regulatory requirements for a variety of public and...Chief Executive Officer, VEICEos Transition Partners Winooski, VT, USAVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Jan 25, 2021Full timeVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Intern-Energy/Air Quality ProgramMid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission Columbus, OH, USAThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Chief Sustainability OfficerBaltimore County Towson, MD, USAThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program ManagerSan Ramon, CA San Ramon, CA, USADescription Under general direction, the Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program Manager plans, directs, and oversees the activities, operations, and projects of complex programs; serves as a technical expert and resource for assigned programs including providing extensive, in-depth, and specialized administrative, budgetary, financial, and compliance research, analysis, and support; analyzes programmatic practices and procedures and develops and implements recommendations for operational, policy, and procedural improvements; oversees and conducts needs analyses, feasibility studies, and evaluations for assigned programs; oversees, develops, summarizes, and maintains administrative, staff, technical, and fiscal reports and records; fosters cooperative working relationships among Department and City units and divisions and acts as a liaison with various community, public, and regulatory agencies; and performs related work as required. The Solid Waste and Environmental...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription Under general direction, the Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program Manager plans, directs, and oversees the activities, operations, and projects of complex programs; serves as a technical expert and resource for assigned programs including providing extensive, in-depth, and specialized administrative, budgetary, financial, and compliance research, analysis, and support; analyzes programmatic practices and procedures and develops and implements recommendations for operational, policy, and procedural improvements; oversees and conducts needs analyses, feasibility studies, and evaluations for assigned programs; oversees, develops, summarizes, and maintains administrative, staff, technical, and fiscal reports and records; fosters cooperative working relationships among Department and City units and divisions and acts as a liaison with various community, public, and regulatory agencies; and performs related work as required. The Solid Waste and Environmental...2021 Rare Plant Conservation InternshipsNative Plant Trust Remote (New England, USA)Native Plant Trust is the nation’s first plant conservation organization and the only one solely focused on New England’s native plants. We save native plants in the wild, grow them for gardens and restorations, and educate others on their value and use. We are based at Garden in the Woods, a renowned native plant botanic garden that attracts visitors from all over the world. From this flagship property in Framingham, Massachusetts, 25 staff and many of our 1,500 trained volunteers work throughout New England each year to monitor and protect rare and endangered plants, collect and preserve seeds to ensure biological diversity, manage sites for ecological balance, conduct research, and offer a range of educational programs. Native Plant Trust also operates a nursery at Nasami Farm in western Massachusetts and manages six sanctuaries in Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont that are open to the public. Native Plant Trust is among the first organizations worldwide to receive Advanced...Jan 04, 2021Internship- PaidNative Plant Trust is the nation’s first plant conservation organization and the only one solely focused on New England’s native plants. We save native plants in the wild, grow them for gardens and restorations, and educate others on their value and use. We are based at Garden in the Woods, a renowned native plant botanic garden that attracts visitors from all over the world. From this flagship property in Framingham, Massachusetts, 25 staff and many of our 1,500 trained volunteers work throughout New England each year to monitor and protect rare and endangered plants, collect and preserve seeds to ensure biological diversity, manage sites for ecological balance, conduct research, and offer a range of educational programs. Native Plant Trust also operates a nursery at Nasami Farm in western Massachusetts and manages six sanctuaries in Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont that are open to the public. Native Plant Trust is among the first organizations worldwide to receive Advanced...Green Iowa AmeriCorps 6-month Environmental Steward PositionGreen Iowa AmeriCorpsService Description : Green Iowa AmeriCorps operates through the University of Northern Iowa’s Center for Energy and Environmental Education (UNI CEEE) in Cedar Falls. The program is looking to recruit passionate and motivated individuals for a 6-month service experience in one of our service locations throughout Iowa. As a member of our new and existing programs sites, you will have the opportunity to create plans in conjunction with city officials, nonprofit leaders and school districts, and execute projects that will greatly impact the communities we serve. The leadership and empowerment experienced as part of our program will be like no other! Our program hopes to train the next generation of ‘green-collar’ workers through a combination of service work, presentations, and hands-on learning. Members have the opportunity to build leadership abilities through specific coordinator roles, which will allow each member to contribute their own unique skills to the...Dec 11, 2020TemporaryService Description : Green Iowa AmeriCorps operates through the University of Northern Iowa’s Center for Energy and Environmental Education (UNI CEEE) in Cedar Falls. The program is looking to recruit passionate and motivated individuals for a 6-month service experience in one of our service locations throughout Iowa. As a member of our new and existing programs sites, you will have the opportunity to create plans in conjunction with city officials, nonprofit leaders and school districts, and execute projects that will greatly impact the communities we serve. The leadership and empowerment experienced as part of our program will be like no other! Our program hopes to train the next generation of ‘green-collar’ workers through a combination of service work, presentations, and hands-on learning. Members have the opportunity to build leadership abilities through specific coordinator roles, which will allow each member to contribute their own unique skills to the...Conservation InternMontana Conservation Corps Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, South Dakota, North DakotaMCC’s Conservation Intern (CI) program makes a measurable difference in conservation efforts while strengthening the experience of young adults. CI's serve at partnering federal/state agencies, nonprofits, tribal offices, and other community-based conservation organizations across the region. The three-month AmeriCorps term of service extends from May - August and members gain insight into natural resource-related fieldwork throughout Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, and the Dakotas. Term Dates: 5/12/21 – 8/13/21 Living Allowance: $504 bi-weekly AmeriCorps Education Award: $1,678 upon successful completion of the program Location: Varies based on host site placement Application Deadline: February 14, 2021 APPLY HERE: https://www.mtcorps.org/joinmcc/individual-placement-programs/conservation-interns-and-fellows.html Application deadline is February 14th Please contact staff at ipprograms@mtcorps.org or 406-587-4475 with any questions....Dec 09, 2020Internship- PaidMCC’s Conservation Intern (CI) program makes a measurable difference in conservation efforts while strengthening the experience of young adults. CI's serve at partnering federal/state agencies, nonprofits, tribal offices, and other community-based conservation organizations across the region. The three-month AmeriCorps term of service extends from May - August and members gain insight into natural resource-related fieldwork throughout Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, and the Dakotas. Term Dates: 5/12/21 – 8/13/21 Living Allowance: $504 bi-weekly AmeriCorps Education Award: $1,678 upon successful completion of the program Location: Varies based on host site placement Application Deadline: February 14, 2021 APPLY HERE: https://www.mtcorps.org/joinmcc/individual-placement-programs/conservation-interns-and-fellows.html Application deadline is February 14th Please contact staff at ipprograms@mtcorps.org or 406-587-4475 with any questions....Conservation FellowMontana Conservation Corps Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, South Dakota, North DakotaMCC’s Conservation Fellow (CF) program makes a measurable difference in conservation efforts while strengthening the experience of recent college graduates. CFs serve at partnering federal/state agencies, nonprofits, tribal offices, and other community-based conservation organizations across the region gaining hands-on experience. The six-month term of service extends from May - October and members gain professional experience with partner organizations located throughout Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, and the Dakotas. Members in this program are exposed to the various seasonally driven requirements for natural resource-related work throughout the west. Term Dates: 5/12/21 – 10/1/21 Living Allowance: $504 bi-weekly; Health Insurance at no cost AmeriCorps Education Award: $2,417 upon successful completion of the program Location: Varies based on host organization location Application Deadline: February 14, 2021 APPLY HERE:...Dec 09, 2020Internship- PaidMCC’s Conservation Fellow (CF) program makes a measurable difference in conservation efforts while strengthening the experience of recent college graduates. CFs serve at partnering federal/state agencies, nonprofits, tribal offices, and other community-based conservation organizations across the region gaining hands-on experience. The six-month term of service extends from May - October and members gain professional experience with partner organizations located throughout Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, and the Dakotas. Members in this program are exposed to the various seasonally driven requirements for natural resource-related work throughout the west. Term Dates: 5/12/21 – 10/1/21 Living Allowance: $504 bi-weekly; Health Insurance at no cost AmeriCorps Education Award: $2,417 upon successful completion of the program Location: Varies based on host organization location Application Deadline: February 14, 2021 APPLY HERE:...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
