"6 Digital Marketing Trends Changing the Job Landscape in 2019 | Syndication CloudHomeContent FeedHow it WorksFAQPress Release FeedContact UsSelect Page6 Digital Marketing Trends Changing the Job Landscape in 2019May 23, 2019 | Syndication CloudOriginally posted on https://digitalmedianinja.com/6-digital-marketing-trends-changing-the-job-landscape-in-2019/The Internet has become one of the most powerful tools that entrepreneurs can use to reach their audience.Given that there are over 320 million Internet users in North America alone, it isn’t difficult to see why. But, like the Internet itself, the methods to reach consumers is always changing.In a constantly changing web environment, you’ll need to stay with the times when it comes to digital marketing. That’s why in this video, we go over everything you need to know about digital marketing trends to watch out for.1. Chatbot Usage Will SpikeWe’re sure you’ve noticed by now. It seems like every third site has a chatbot immediately greet you when you reach it.But, you can’t blame entrepreneurs for doing so. Not only does it allow consumers to have their questions answered at any time of day or night, but it also allows certain processes to be automated and could even result in lead generation.Chatbots are also a great way to keep people on your site for a longer amount of time, which increases the probability that they’ll engage with your content.2. Video Content Is a MustThanks to the instantaneous response of Google, social media, and other technological innovations, the average person now has an attention span that’s shorter than that of a goldfish.So, what does this mean?It means we want our content as quickly as possible with as little effort as possible.While there will always be a place for blogging since it allows readers to consume content at their own pace, video content is expected to become more popular than ever before. This is especially true for things like tutorials, reviews, etc.Video also provides brands with endless possibilities to express themselves to their audience, helping them further stand out from the crowd.3. You Can’t Replace Quality ContentSo, people are getting lazier the day and attention spans are tanking further than ever before. That means you can step off the gas and relax when it comes to content creation, right?Absolutely not.It’s more important than ever to maintain high-quality content due to how saturated the Internet is. If you want to stand out from the pack, your content needs to be stellar and offer something of value to your audience.If anything, it’s time to step up your content game no matter where your performance is at. Things like case studies, guides, and reviews are all great options to upload to your business’s website to make sure that you aren’t posting just for the sake of it.4. Voice Search Will Rise, TooWith the constant improvement of voice recognition technology, you can expect people to use it more and more.It makes sense when you think about it. Why would you waste your time typing when you could say a query out loud and perform another task at the same time?There’s something specific to keep in mind, though. People using voice recognition will base their searches around how they speak, not how they would normally type.So, what would formerly be “best restaurants in LA” may become “what are good places to eat in LA?”This is valuable to keep in mind, as it will help you discover keywords that you can take advantage of to drive traffic to your site.5. Take Advantage of Social Media ‘Stories’There’s something about scarcity that sells.Things like limited edition products or offering something that’s only available for a specific amount of time are tried and true ways of driving sales. And, the same concept applies to content, too.It’s well-known that Facebook and Instagram both offer users the capability to upload content that’s only available for 24 hours before it gets automatically deleted. When looking at this from a marketing perspective, there’s a goldmine of opportunity here.By consistently posting this type of ephemeral content, you’re giving your audience the incentive to keep checking your business page to see if you’ve uploaded anything new.The more often your audience checks out your page, the more likely it is that they’ll see a special offer, click a link to your site, etc. which will serve as a powerful method to help drive sales over time.6. Mobile Optimization Is NecessaryThere are now over 280 million people with smartphones. As our culture shifts more and more toward convenience, the number of people who use mobile devices as their primary form of internet access will continue to rise.In addition to smartphones, devices like tablets and iPads are becoming increasingly popular for browsing the web.So, what does this mean for businesses?You need to make sure your site is optimized for mobile browsing.Things like formatting, page load speed, and overall aesthetic are crucial if you want your audience to stay on your site.This is especially true if you’re running an e-commerce business, as a more fluid online experience is more likely to drive sales. Nobody’s going to buy from a site that they can’t navigate through (or one that won’t even load at all)!Understanding Digital Marketing Trends Can Seem DifficultBut it doesn’t have to be.With the above information about digital marketing trends in mind, you’ll be well on your way to equipping yourself for success in the industry.If you’re looking to learn more, check into our digital marketing courses. We provide an extensive, 30-hour crash course through all-things digital marketing. Plus, a comprehensive globally recognized expert-level certification validated by the Global Industry Advisory Council.Want to learn more about the benefits of digital marketing? This article has plenty of useful informationSearch for:Recent PostsThe SCNL Provides an Innovative Program for Player Development and PromotionA Better Quality of Life for the DisabledChristmas Delivery with BF&S ManufacturingXQTIVE Outsourced Bookkeeping LLC Offers Bookkeeping at a Fraction of the PriceShort updates for scattered attentionHomeContent FeedHow it WorksFAQPress Release FeedContact UsHomeContent FeedHow it WorksFAQPress Release FeedContact Us© 2019 Syndication Cloud. All Rights Reserved."
