"Baxter State Park Campground Ranger - Seasonal 2021 at State of Mainewww.maine.gov/bhr/state-jobs WebsiteBack to all openingsSee all the jobs at State of Maine here: http://mainebhr.recruiterbox.com/jobsBaxter State Park Campground Ranger - Seasonal 2021Millinocket, Maine, United States | Parks & Recreation | Full-timeApply by: No close dateApply with LinkedinApply with IndeedApplyBaxter State Park is a 209,644 acre public trust and wilderness park located in north-central Maine and headquartered in Millinocket. Governor Percival Baxter made it his life’s obsession to purchase these lands and donate them to the people of the State of Maine. With this gift he left a governance structure unique from all other Maine state parks, a large endowment that allows the Park to operate independently from the State general fund, and several directives that describe how to manage the Park. These include a focus on preserving the wildness of the Park above all else and providing opportunities “for those who love nature and who are willing to walk and make an effort to get close to nature”. Come join this dedicated and collaborative team in support of Governor Baxter's vision for the protection and preservation of this unique wilderness park.9425 BAXTER PARK CAMPGROUND RANGER Range 15 Hourly, $14.70- $19.28DESCRIPTION: This is maintenance and personal services work in meeting the public and performing various tasks necessary to properly maintain and protect land, buildings, facilities, and the natural resources within Baxter State Park at campgrounds (roadside/backcountry) and surrounding areas. Work includes performing park conservation, search and rescue activities, and informing visitors of weather conditions and rules and regulations. Work is performed under limited supervision.REPRESENTATIVE TASKS: (A position may not be assigned all the duties listed, nor do the listed examples include all the duties that may be assigned).Repairs buildings, tables, fireplaces, tools, and equipment; and maintains grounds, swimming areas, roads, trails, rest rooms, and water systems in order to maintain campground facilities.Meets the public as required, giving information on facilities, trail and weather conditions, regulations, park flora and fauna, appropriate use of park resources, and related information in order to perform public relations and safety duties.Collects necessary fees, assigns areas, and provides fuel and other services as required in order to administer campground.Patrols park in order to detect and extinguish fires, ensure compliance with rules and regulations, and protect natural features.Applies appropriate level of first aid to injured persons in order to provide emergency medical assistance.Records statistics and makes periodic reports in order to fulfill administrative responsibilities.Oversees the work of volunteers and others on a project basis in order to provide direction and ensure project is completed properly and in a timely manner.Backpacks food, personal supplies, work gear, and equipment to remote sites to provide needed resources at work stations.Hikes on hazardous, steep, rugged, rocky, muddy, and remote terrain to transport supplies to outlying locations.Initiates search and rescue activities in order to assist in locating lost or injured park visitors.Opens and closes campgrounds, orders supplies to prepare facility for operation and visitors, and to ensure campground infrastructure is properly protected during off season.Works with other staff on projects in a safe and efficient manner.KNOWLEDGES, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: (These are required to successfully perform the work assigned).Knowledge of the operation, care, and repair of park facilities and equipment.Knowledge of animal, fish, and plant life found in the areas.Knowledge of Wilderness Advanced First Aid (WAFA), including maintaining continuous medical care and using survival gear.Knowledge of trails, topography, and accessible routes.Knowledge of wilderness and backcountry backpacking, camping, and hiking techniques and practices.Ability to respond to emergencies and apply the appropriate level of first aid in remote backcountry situations.Ability to use a compass, develop hiking maps, and operate other navigation equipment.Ability to use a variety of tools and equipment in the maintenance and repair of park facilities, equipment, grounds, and buildings.Ability to work alone for extended periods of time in remote backcountry areas.Ability to represent the Park professionally, to give information regarding park facilities and regulations, and to promote the safety and welfare of visitors.Ability to follow oral and written instructions and keep simple records.Ability to patrol park and enforce regulations with firmness and tact.Ability to collect fees, make reservations, compile statistics, and prepare reports.Ability to perform mechanical maintenance on automotive and power equipment.Ability to use park radios, hand tools, and other field equipment.Ability to frequently hike long distances to transport goods to remote mountainous areas.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: (Entry level knowledges, skills, and/or abilities may be acquired through, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO the following coursework/training and/or experience).High school diploma or equivalent and two (2) year experience in park maintenance and operation or equivalent.LICENSING/REGISTRATION/CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: (These must be met by all employees prior to attaining permanent status in this class).Valid Class C Maine motor vehicle operator’s license.Must obtain certifications in Wilderness Advanced First Aid (WAFA), Baxter State Park Class B Chainsaw, and Baxter State Park Intro Search & Rescue.Benefits:Baxter State Park, while independently funded, shares the same benefit packages as the State employee system. For this position, that includes health and dental contributions, contributions to Maine Public Employees Retirement System, and vacation and sick time which accrue at increasing rates with seniority in the state system.TO APPLY:Please submit a cover letter, resume, and apply through this post. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.Apply by: No close dateApplyApply with LinkedinApply with IndeedApply for this opening at http://mainebhr.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0u1u1?apply=trueBack to all openingsSee all the jobs at State of Maine here: http://mainebhr.recruiterbox.com/jobsFetching your Linkedin profile ...Application FormApply with LinkedinApply with Indeed1. First Name *2. Last Name *3. Address *4. Email *5. Phone *6. Resume or Work History *7. Cover LetterIf you do NOT have a resume, please visit http://www.maine.gov/bhr/node/174 and complete the work history section. Once complete, the document can be uploaded to the Resume or Work History section below8. Are you a current or former employee of the State of Maine? * --Select-- Yes No9a. If Yes, list name(s) below:10. Are you at least 18 years of age? * --Select-- Yes No11. Do you have a valid driver's license? * --Select-- Yes No11a. State Issued11b. If Yes, which type?Class AClass BClass C12. List your geographical location preference (i.e. Augusta/Kennebec County; Portland Cumberland County, etc)13. *Only for candidates who upload a resume: If your resume does not have month/year of employment listed, please list the Company Name, Job Title, and Month and Year You Started and Ended Your Three (3) Most Recent Jobs. This is necessary for assessment of qualifications.14. Are you willing to work overtime? * --Select-- Yes No15. What shifts are you willing to work? *1st2nd3rd16. Veteran's Preference: Maine law provides a preference to qualified veterans and Gold Star spouses by ensuring they are offered an interview. If you are a veteran or Gold Star spouse and wish to take advantage of this preference, please indicate by checking the appropriate box below. Documentation is required. For more information, visit http://www.maine.gov/bhr/state_jobs/veteran.htm --Select-- Not Claimed Veteran (requires DD Form 214) Gold Star Spouse (requires DD form 1300)16a. If you are a veteran or Gold Star spouse and wish to take advantage of the veteran's preference, please submit documentation here (DD 214, DD 1300).17. Only US.. citizens or aliens who have a legal right to work and remain permanently in the U.S. are eligible for employment. Can you, after employment, submit verification of of your legal right to work in the United States? * --Select-- Yes No20. Before you submit your application, the State of Maine requires you read and accept the terms and conditions associated with the application process: http://www.maine.gov/bhr/node/175 Please type your name below to confirm you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. *Supplemental Questions -limited space available please attach separate document with answers to supplemental question with resume and cover letter *Describe your maintenance skills and any experience you may have repairing buildings-give specific examples *Describe your experience with non powered tools *Describe your experiences with hiking/backpacking/camping and any other recreational activities *Describe your experience communicating and working with the public. *Tell us any financial experience your have with handling money, cash-ups, deposits etc. *Describe your experiences with volunteerism. *Relevant training and certifications, i.e. WFA, WAFA, WFR *Thanks for your timeShare this opening with friendspowered byRecruiterbox"
