"Jobs in Beijing | TopTalentsJob SeekerFind a JobSearch EmployersEmployersPost a JobSearch TalentOrder ServicesIntelligenceSign inSign upJob SeekerFind a JobSearch EmployersEmployersPost a JobSearch TalentOrder ServicesIntelligenceModal titleCloseKeywords (eg. subject, school name, etc)LocationSearchSearch25 jobs found in BeijingRefine SearchKeywords (eg. subject, school name, etc)LocationSearchSearchEmail me jobs like thisIBMYP&DP English Teacher北京新东方外国语学校NOFLS Beijing, ChinaBeing flexible with the best teaching practices and demonstrating a willingness to work collaboratively; Effectively teaching a variety of classes, which would include the subject(s) concerned and IB disciplines like Theory of Knowledge; Being adept in appropriate lesson preparation, setting/marking examination and test papers where necessary and supervising extended essays in the subject concerned; Setting and marking students’ work accurately and promptly, giving additional guidance and work according to their needs; Providing feedback appropriately and regularly to students; Writing reports and testimonials as required within the deadlines set; Diligently following the scheme of work for each class approved by the Head of Department; Ensuring he/she is fully aware of all of the School’s policies relating to students and act accordingly to protect and enhance the physical and emotional welfare of the students; As the role of head...Jan 22, 2021Middle School High SchoolBeing flexible with the best teaching practices and demonstrating a willingness to work collaboratively; Effectively teaching a variety of classes, which would include the subject(s) concerned and IB disciplines like Theory of Knowledge; Being adept in appropriate lesson preparation, setting/marking examination and test papers where necessary and supervising extended essays in the subject concerned; Setting and marking students’ work accurately and promptly, giving additional guidance and work according to their needs; Providing feedback appropriately and regularly to students; Writing reports and testimonials as required within the deadlines set; Diligently following the scheme of work for each class approved by the Head of Department; Ensuring he/she is fully aware of all of the School’s policies relating to students and act accordingly to protect and enhance the physical and emotional welfare of the students; As the role of head...DP Math Teacher北京新东方外国语学校NOFLS Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021High School1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.MYP Humanities Teacher北京新东方外国语学校NOFLS Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IB or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Middle School1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IB or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Elementary School ELA teacher美达菲 The MacDuffie School Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Primary1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.MYP General Science北京新东方外国语学校NOFLS Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Middle School1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Curriculum Developer美达菲 The MacDuffie School Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Primary Middle School1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Middle School Science Teacher美达菲 The MacDuffie School Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Middle School1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IBMYP, IBDP or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Middle School ELA Teacher美达菲 The MacDuffie School Beijing, China1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IB or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Middle School1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IB or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Kindergarten ESL Teacher美达菲 The MacDuffie School Beijing1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IB or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.Jan 21, 2021Pre-school1. Bachelors degree or above and proficient in professional knowledge; 2. Have relevant teaching experience and teaching certificates ; 3. Can influence and appeal to students and are able to fully mobilize enthusiasm while getting along well with them; 4. Be diligent and practical in your work and love educating teens. 5.Experience teaching any of the following international programs - IGCSE, IB or AP would be desirable. 1.Highly competitive salary level， excellent candidates may negotiate. 2.Professional training opportunities in China and abroad to facilitate professional teacher development 3. International working environment. 4. Social insurance and housing fund. 5. Winter and summer vacation. 6. Various interesting staff activities and holiday benefits.双语化学教师¥15,000 - ¥17,000 monthly北大附中教育集团 China, Beijing, 北京资格要求： 1. 相关专业硕士以上学历 2. 熟悉双语双文化教育 3. 具备相关专业英语水平，能够全英文（或双语）授课 4. 创新教学，理念先进，善于跨学科融合，熟悉哈克尼斯（HARKNESS）圆桌教学法等国外授课方式 5. 善于沟通协作，乐于分享并乐于聆听，注重团队合作 岗位职责： 1、做好授课和作业批改，完成规定的教学任务； 2、协助完成教学计划、撰写教案等； 3、每周与本学科组内教师进行教研交流学习。Jan 21, 2021High School资格要求： 1. 相关专业硕士以上学历 2. 熟悉双语双文化教育 3. 具备相关专业英语水平，能够全英文（或双语）授课 4. 创新教学，理念先进，善于跨学科融合，熟悉哈克尼斯（HARKNESS）圆桌教学法等国外授课方式 5. 善于沟通协作，乐于分享并乐于聆听，注重团队合作 岗位职责： 1、做好授课和作业批改，完成规定的教学任务； 2、协助完成教学计划、撰写教案等； 3、每周与本学科组内教师进行教研交流学习。人力资源经理¥150,000 - ¥300,000 yearly北大附中教育集团 Beijing, China岗位职责： 结合集团发展战略及集团总校管理需要，全面统筹人力资源中、长期战略规划，建立并完善人力资源管理体系，为集团战略落地提供人力资源支撑； 组织集团各部门进行战略目标的定位与分解，针对不同的职能及业务管理模式制定相应的激励措施，并监督执行； 研发及搭建符合集团化管理的 HR 管理模式，建立集团及集团总校与各校区之间的沟通与管理机制，向各校区输入标准化的人力资源管理体系、机制，并定期对各校区落地、执行情况进行督导，跟进其落地执行； 统筹编制集团各部门及各校区进行年度人力成本预算，并对预算执行进行监控与预警，建立人力成本分析数据模型，定期对人力成本进行分析，并向集团管理层提交评估报告； 结合集团品牌理念建设集团企业文化并结合教育行业的特点进行文化落地传承，建设与维护集团品牌雇主形象。 任职资格： 本科以上学历，人力资源管理、心理学或工商管理等相关专业， 5 年以上知名企业 HR 工作经验， 3 年以上教育行业经验或大型企业为佳； 熟悉劳动法、人力资源各模块专业理论知识，掌握各模块实操技能，熟悉教育行业人力资源管理运营模式； 深入理解现代企业管理及人力资源管理基本理论，能够基于集团化发展与管理角度设计人力资源管理体系； 具有良好的团队合作精神和丰富的团队管理经验，对于教育行业有高度工作热情，结果导向并拥有强烈的内驱力与良好的沟通协调能力。Jan 21, 2021Primary Middle School岗位职责： 结合集团发展战略及集团总校管理需要，全面统筹人力资源中、长期战略规划，建立并完善人力资源管理体系，为集团战略落地提供人力资源支撑； 组织集团各部门进行战略目标的定位与分解，针对不同的职能及业务管理模式制定相应的激励措施，并监督执行； 研发及搭建符合集团化管理的 HR 管理模式，建立集团及集团总校与各校区之间的沟通与管理机制，向各校区输入标准化的人力资源管理体系、机制，并定期对各校区落地、执行情况进行督导，跟进其落地执行； 统筹编制集团各部门及各校区进行年度人力成本预算，并对预算执行进行监控与预警，建立人力成本分析数据模型，定期对人力成本进行分析，并向集团管理层提交评估报告； 结合集团品牌理念建设集团企业文化并结合教育行业的特点进行文化落地传承，建设与维护集团品牌雇主形象。 任职资格： 本科以上学历，人力资源管理、心理学或工商管理等相关专业， 5 年以上知名企业 HR 工作经验， 3 年以上教育行业经验或大型企业为佳； 熟悉劳动法、人力资源各模块专业理论知识，掌握各模块实操技能，熟悉教育行业人力资源管理运营模式； 深入理解现代企业管理及人力资源管理基本理论，能够基于集团化发展与管理角度设计人力资源管理体系； 具有良好的团队合作精神和丰富的团队管理经验，对于教育行业有高度工作热情，结果导向并拥有强烈的内驱力与良好的沟通协调能力。校区运营（集团总部）¥360,000 - ¥720,000 yearly北大附中教育集团 Beijing, China岗位职责： 根据集团化发展及管理要求，建设与北大附中教育理念与教学模式相匹配的运营管理体系，并统筹制定教育集团内各成员校运营管理发展目标； 基于各校区运营管理发展目标，督导其校区运营工作，给出运营评估与问题诊断，并产出优化解决方案，带动校区管理的规范化与规模性； 整合集团内外优质资源，拓展协调资源配置，切实提升各校区运营管理的能力与成效； 招募、培训新建校运营管理团队，为其筹建涉及招生、市场、品牌等工作提供支持，并落实新生入学前校区各项运营工作，落地校区开办规划； 负责校区运营团队的建设及人才发展体系的搭建与管理，以管理机制与激励机制实现集团与各校之间的人才交换与流动。 任职资格： 本科及以上学历，5年以上教育行业工作经验，具有2年以上集团化运营管理经验者优先； 丰富的K12教育教学或运营管理经验，可搭建运营管理体系，并能带领团队落地执行战略规划； 对教育持有独到深刻的认识和持续探索的热情，期望在教育行业长期发展； 有责任心、创新力、领导力，具有团队合作、终身学习的精神和一定的组织、协调能力； 认同北大附中的教育及管理理念，具有大局观和全局意识，感召力及凝聚力强。Jan 21, 2021Primary Middle School岗位职责： 根据集团化发展及管理要求，建设与北大附中教育理念与教学模式相匹配的运营管理体系，并统筹制定教育集团内各成员校运营管理发展目标； 基于各校区运营管理发展目标，督导其校区运营工作，给出运营评估与问题诊断，并产出优化解决方案，带动校区管理的规范化与规模性； 整合集团内外优质资源，拓展协调资源配置，切实提升各校区运营管理的能力与成效； 招募、培训新建校运营管理团队，为其筹建涉及招生、市场、品牌等工作提供支持，并落实新生入学前校区各项运营工作，落地校区开办规划； 负责校区运营团队的建设及人才发展体系的搭建与管理，以管理机制与激励机制实现集团与各校之间的人才交换与流动。 任职资格： 本科及以上学历，5年以上教育行业工作经验，具有2年以上集团化运营管理经验者优先； 丰富的K12教育教学或运营管理经验，可搭建运营管理体系，并能带领团队落地执行战略规划； 对教育持有独到深刻的认识和持续探索的热情，期望在教育行业长期发展； 有责任心、创新力、领导力，具有团队合作、终身学习的精神和一定的组织、协调能力； 认同北大附中的教育及管理理念，具有大局观和全局意识，感召力及凝聚力强。品牌经理¥150,000 - ¥300,000 yearly北大附中教育集团 Beijing, China岗位职责： 基于北大附中教育集团品牌战略，策划品牌传播与推广方案，推进品牌项目及相关宣传品的落地执行，逐步提升品牌认知度和美誉度； 搭建教育集团品牌管理体系，制定集团内各成员校品牌传播与品牌使用规范，实现对外传播的统一性与指向性； 维护并拓展品牌推广平台及媒体渠道资源，优化各渠道的传播策略，就传播报道进行教育集团舆情监控并对负面舆论进行危机公关处理； 及时跟进并督导各校区的品牌工作，在集团品牌传播的整体战略与策略之下，监督各校其传播方案的落地与反馈，并在过程中逐步树立与反哺集团品牌形象。 任职资格： 3年以上品牌管理经验，市场营销、公关传播、广告类或相关专业本科及以上学历，对教育行业持有好奇心与探索欲，有K12教育、互联网教育、教育集团工作背景者优先考虑； 熟悉品牌宣传、市场推广、新媒体运营等工作内容，并具有出色的品牌管理能力及整合传播技巧； 拥有扎实的文案撰写功底，对于文字或视觉表达专业度及敏感度高，能够产出极具辨识度与创新性的文案或方案； 掌握丰富的品牌传播资源，具有良好的协调力、思考力与领悟力； 具备良好的团队合作精神，认同北大附中的教育理念与教学感谢，期望深入其中记录并发声。Jan 21, 2021Primary Middle School岗位职责： 基于北大附中教育集团品牌战略，策划品牌传播与推广方案，推进品牌项目及相关宣传品的落地执行，逐步提升品牌认知度和美誉度； 搭建教育集团品牌管理体系，制定集团内各成员校品牌传播与品牌使用规范，实现对外传播的统一性与指向性； 维护并拓展品牌推广平台及媒体渠道资源，优化各渠道的传播策略，就传播报道进行教育集团舆情监控并对负面舆论进行危机公关处理； 及时跟进并督导各校区的品牌工作，在集团品牌传播的整体战略与策略之下，监督各校其传播方案的落地与反馈，并在过程中逐步树立与反哺集团品牌形象。 任职资格： 3年以上品牌管理经验，市场营销、公关传播、广告类或相关专业本科及以上学历，对教育行业持有好奇心与探索欲，有K12教育、互联网教育、教育集团工作背景者优先考虑； 熟悉品牌宣传、市场推广、新媒体运营等工作内容，并具有出色的品牌管理能力及整合传播技巧； 拥有扎实的文案撰写功底，对于文字或视觉表达专业度及敏感度高，能够产出极具辨识度与创新性的文案或方案； 掌握丰富的品牌传播资源，具有良好的协调力、思考力与领悟力； 具备良好的团队合作精神，认同北大附中的教育理念与教学感谢，期望深入其中记录并发声。小学研发总监（中/外）Curriculum Designer & Instructional Coach¥360,000 - ¥720,000 yearly北大附中教育集团 Beijing, China岗位职责： 基于集团战略发展需要，深入理解北大附中教育教学理念，统筹并制定集团小学阶段全科教学的研发目标，并带领教研团队进行教学课程及项目的研发； 研发并完善集团教研、培训的体系、标准及流程，督导跟进研发成果在各校区的落地执行情况； 带领团队探究、开发创新教学方法及教学模式，并依据各校区教学计划、教学安排与项目合作，指导教师向进行教育教学工作； 结合各校区需要，研究并诊断其教学科研和教学中遇到的问题，并产出解决方案； 负责对课程目标、内容、实施、评价四个环节进行评估，并进行完善与调整； 承担小学研发团队的建设、人才招募与培养，对团队成员进行工作指导与监督，带领团队完成工作目标。 任职资格： 硕士及以上学历，具备良好的学科专业功底，对K12教育教学课程及小学全科育人模式有深入研究； 5年以上教研工作经验，教学功底扎实，了解青少年成长过程中的心理以及行为特点，有组织和管理能力； 了解中外课程体系及相关内容，熟悉各地中小学课程的教学要求、课程设置与考试政策； 较强的组织与分析能力，有完整建立课程或项目体系的经验，对课程研发与设计有自己独特的见解； 具有强烈的内驱力、良好的沟通协调能力与解决问题的能力，同时具备优秀的组织能力、洞察力； 热爱教育行业，有责任心，团队意识强，善于与家长及学生沟通，有创新思维及奉献精神。 岗位职责： 1.Based on the teaching concept and development strategy of PKUS Education Group, formulate the research and development objectives of the group's teaching with STEM/arts/ athletics, research and develop curricular opportunities. 2.Summarize and refine the teaching, research and teaching system of PKUS, improve the academic system, standards and procedures of teaching and...Jan 21, 2021Primary Middle School岗位职责： 基于集团战略发展需要，深入理解北大附中教育教学理念，统筹并制定集团小学阶段全科教学的研发目标，并带领教研团队进行教学课程及项目的研发； 研发并完善集团教研、培训的体系、标准及流程，督导跟进研发成果在各校区的落地执行情况； 带领团队探究、开发创新教学方法及教学模式，并依据各校区教学计划、教学安排与项目合作，指导教师向进行教育教学工作； 结合各校区需要，研究并诊断其教学科研和教学中遇到的问题，并产出解决方案； 负责对课程目标、内容、实施、评价四个环节进行评估，并进行完善与调整； 承担小学研发团队的建设、人才招募与培养，对团队成员进行工作指导与监督，带领团队完成工作目标。 任职资格： 硕士及以上学历，具备良好的学科专业功底，对K12教育教学课程及小学全科育人模式有深入研究； 5年以上教研工作经验，教学功底扎实，了解青少年成长过程中的心理以及行为特点，有组织和管理能力； 了解中外课程体系及相关内容，熟悉各地中小学课程的教学要求、课程设置与考试政策； 较强的组织与分析能力，有完整建立课程或项目体系的经验，对课程研发与设计有自己独特的见解； 具有强烈的内驱力、良好的沟通协调能力与解决问题的能力，同时具备优秀的组织能力、洞察力； 热爱教育行业，有责任心，团队意识强，善于与家长及学生沟通，有创新思维及奉献精神。 岗位职责： 1.Based on the teaching concept and development strategy of PKUS Education Group, formulate the research and development objectives of the group's teaching with STEM/arts/ athletics, research and develop curricular opportunities. 2.Summarize and refine the teaching, research and teaching system of PKUS, improve the academic system, standards and procedures of teaching and...研学项目研发¥150,000 - ¥300,000 yearly北大附中教育集团 China, Beijing, 北京市岗位职责： 完成研学、游学项目的市场调研及竞品分析，采集市场和用户需求特点，有效引入并整合教育行业优质资源，根据北大附中教育理念进行调整与转化，搭建及优化附中教育集团研学项目，产出研学项目方案； 基于研学项目方案，落地并跟进项目的实施与执行，就项目进行评估对应产出评估报告，结合北大附中持有的教育理念，对研学旅行项目、产品和资源提出改进建议并进行优化； 持续探索学生综合实践与营地教育，进行行业趋势及前沿分析，参与北大附中特色项目研发及创新研究，完善项目开发相关业务制度、工作流程与标准。 任职资格： 本科及以上学历，学术根基深厚，熟悉项目制学习（PBL）、研究性学习、体验式教学等内容，外语能力优秀，留学背景或教育经历多元者为佳； 对研学旅行、营地教育有一定的认识或探索欲望，具备一定的项目开发和设计能力； 了解教学规律及基本方法，能够把握项目整体研发方向与进程，有良好的学习力、沟通交流能力及书写能力，及较强的逻辑思维及语言表达能力，擅于沟通协调及团队协作； 有创业精神，主动积极，乐于接受挑战，具备较强责任心与执行力，抗压性强。Jan 21, 2021Primary Middle School岗位职责： 完成研学、游学项目的市场调研及竞品分析，采集市场和用户需求特点，有效引入并整合教育行业优质资源，根据北大附中教育理念进行调整与转化，搭建及优化附中教育集团研学项目，产出研学项目方案； 基于研学项目方案，落地并跟进项目的实施与执行，就项目进行评估对应产出评估报告，结合北大附中持有的教育理念，对研学旅行项目、产品和资源提出改进建议并进行优化； 持续探索学生综合实践与营地教育，进行行业趋势及前沿分析，参与北大附中特色项目研发及创新研究，完善项目开发相关业务制度、工作流程与标准。 任职资格： 本科及以上学历，学术根基深厚，熟悉项目制学习（PBL）、研究性学习、体验式教学等内容，外语能力优秀，留学背景或教育经历多元者为佳； 对研学旅行、营地教育有一定的认识或探索欲望，具备一定的项目开发和设计能力； 了解教学规律及基本方法，能够把握项目整体研发方向与进程，有良好的学习力、沟通交流能力及书写能力，及较强的逻辑思维及语言表达能力，擅于沟通协调及团队协作； 有创业精神，主动积极，乐于接受挑战，具备较强责任心与执行力，抗压性强。AP Biology Teacher¥25,000 - ¥30,000 monthly北京亦庄实验中学国际部 Beijing, China- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...Jan 21, 2021High School- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...AP Math Teacher¥25,000 - ¥30,000 monthly北京亦庄实验中学国际部 Beijing, China- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...Jan 21, 2021High School- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...AP English Teacher¥25,000 - ¥30,000 monthly北京亦庄实验中学国际部 Beijing, China- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...Jan 21, 2021High School- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...AP Chemistry Teacher¥25,000 - ¥30,000 monthly北京亦庄实验中学国际部 Beijing, China- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...Jan 21, 2021High School- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...AP Physics Teacher¥25,000 - ¥30,000 monthly北京亦庄实验中学国际部 Beijing, China- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...Jan 21, 2021High School- Teaching hours: no more than 26 classes / week, each class is 45 minutes. The regular class size is within 24 students; - Offering courses and extracurricular activities to high school students (Grade 9-12) students who will be furthering their college education abroad; - Ensuring all students are able to thrive and engage in class, giving timely feedback and following up with them after class; - Devising, writing and producing new materials to plan a range of classes that meet students’ needs, including, but not limited to outdoor activities, workshops; - Active participation and contribution in the school cultural activities and teacher training. Requirements - A bachelor or above degree from the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and other English-speaking countries, with an appropriate field of concentration; - Being familiar with AP courses, with fluent English; - At least 2 years’ experience of teaching the related courses required for the position; - Recognition of...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn© 2017-2021 Powered by TopTalents & TopSchools"
