"Jobs in Dallas | PharmVilleHomeCompany SearchSearch JobsPost Your ResumeJob Seeker ServicesPost a JobEmployersSign inSign upHomeCompany SearchSearch JobsPost Your ResumeJob Seeker ServicesPost a JobEmployersModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs161 jobs found in dallasRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisManager Trainee, OperationsTakeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Dallas, TX, USAAre you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color,...Jan 18, 2021Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color,...Immunology Business Manager, PITakeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Dallas, TX, USAAre you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color,...Jan 18, 2021Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Shire, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takeda, will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color,...Regional Director, Ophthalmology SalesRegeneron Dallas, TX, USAAt Regeneron, we believe in the power of original thinking. Our company is built on breakthrough ideas; which is why we foster a spirit of openness, and strive to inspire from within. We are collaborative by design and driven by curiosity. Each one of us plays an active role in transforming people’s lives through our work. Regeneron’s people make us who we are, and we are truly more than a company – we’re a community. Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels! Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the...Jan 18, 2021At Regeneron, we believe in the power of original thinking. Our company is built on breakthrough ideas; which is why we foster a spirit of openness, and strive to inspire from within. We are collaborative by design and driven by curiosity. Each one of us plays an active role in transforming people’s lives through our work. Regeneron’s people make us who we are, and we are truly more than a company – we’re a community. Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels! Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the...Senior Healthcare Representative, XelianzPfizer Dallas, TX, USAPfizer careers are like no other. In our culture of individual ownership, we believe in our ability to improve future healthcare, and potential to transform millions of lives. We’re looking for new talent to join our global community, to unearth new innovative therapies that make the world a healthier place. Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA.Jan 18, 2021Pfizer careers are like no other. In our culture of individual ownership, we believe in our ability to improve future healthcare, and potential to transform millions of lives. We’re looking for new talent to join our global community, to unearth new innovative therapies that make the world a healthier place. Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA.Executive Representative, Oncology - ProstateAstellas Pharma US, Inc. Dallas, TX, USADeveloping innovative therapies is one of the most challenging, most essential and personally rewarding fields in science. This is the most exciting time to be a part of Astellas, a company with a uniquely collaborative and patient-focused culture. There's something special about working at Astellas. It's reflected in our focus on the people we serve, the way we treat each other and the results we achieve together as a company. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/DisabledJan 18, 2021Developing innovative therapies is one of the most challenging, most essential and personally rewarding fields in science. This is the most exciting time to be a part of Astellas, a company with a uniquely collaborative and patient-focused culture. There's something special about working at Astellas. It's reflected in our focus on the people we serve, the way we treat each other and the results we achieve together as a company. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/DisabledShared Services Area Vice President, ClinicalAmedisys Dallas, GA, USAWe are a growing company that values and rewards our team members, recognizes your special skills and experience and offers opportunities for growth. Join more than 14,000 team members who help change lives every day and share a mission of delivering high quality home health, hospice and private duty care at home. Unique clinical environment: Care for patients one-on-one in home environment with flexibility in scheduling Culture of teamwork: Shine on your own, with the support of a multi-disciplinary team Ongoing support: Continuing education and training, tuition assistance, technology and more Advancement: Professional development to build skills and opportunities to advance Healthcare leader: Progressive, stable company with 30 years of experience in delivering care at home and commitment to clinical excellence If you’re looking for a home where you can put...Jan 18, 2021We are a growing company that values and rewards our team members, recognizes your special skills and experience and offers opportunities for growth. Join more than 14,000 team members who help change lives every day and share a mission of delivering high quality home health, hospice and private duty care at home. Unique clinical environment: Care for patients one-on-one in home environment with flexibility in scheduling Culture of teamwork: Shine on your own, with the support of a multi-disciplinary team Ongoing support: Continuing education and training, tuition assistance, technology and more Advancement: Professional development to build skills and opportunities to advance Healthcare leader: Progressive, stable company with 30 years of experience in delivering care at home and commitment to clinical excellence If you’re looking for a home where you can put...RNAmedisys Dallas, GA, USAProvides, coordinates, and directs the provision of home nursing care according to physician’s orders based on agency policies and procedures, through the competent application of the nursing process. Demonstrates knowledge of home care and competency in discipline specific patient care skills, required by the care center for the provision of patient care. May be assigned RN visits as member of care team, and/or may be required to supervise a patient caseload, including LPN’s and HHA’s. Performs patient comprehensive assessments, as assigned, and collaborates with patient multi-disciplinary care team (PT, OT, ST, MSW and paraprofessionals) and other health care professionals to develop/modify and implement an individualized plan of care as per physician orders that ensures quality, proper discharge planning and achieves desired outcomes and goals. Helps to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care by communicating information...Jan 18, 2021Provides, coordinates, and directs the provision of home nursing care according to physician’s orders based on agency policies and procedures, through the competent application of the nursing process. Demonstrates knowledge of home care and competency in discipline specific patient care skills, required by the care center for the provision of patient care. May be assigned RN visits as member of care team, and/or may be required to supervise a patient caseload, including LPN’s and HHA’s. Performs patient comprehensive assessments, as assigned, and collaborates with patient multi-disciplinary care team (PT, OT, ST, MSW and paraprofessionals) and other health care professionals to develop/modify and implement an individualized plan of care as per physician orders that ensures quality, proper discharge planning and achieves desired outcomes and goals. Helps to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care by communicating information...Hospice LiaisonAmedisys Dallas, TX, USAWe are a growing company that values and rewards our team members, recognizes your special skills and experience and offers opportunities for growth. Join more than 14,000 team members who help change lives every day and share a mission of delivering high quality home health, hospice and private duty care at home. Unique clinical environment: Care for patients one-on-one in home environment with flexibility in scheduling Culture of teamwork: Shine on your own, with the support of a multi-disciplinary team Ongoing support: Continuing education and training, tuition assistance, technology and more Advancement: Professional development to build skills and opportunities to advance Healthcare leader: Progressive, stable company with 30 years of experience in delivering care at home and commitment to clinical excellence If you’re looking for a home where you can put...Jan 18, 2021We are a growing company that values and rewards our team members, recognizes your special skills and experience and offers opportunities for growth. Join more than 14,000 team members who help change lives every day and share a mission of delivering high quality home health, hospice and private duty care at home. Unique clinical environment: Care for patients one-on-one in home environment with flexibility in scheduling Culture of teamwork: Shine on your own, with the support of a multi-disciplinary team Ongoing support: Continuing education and training, tuition assistance, technology and more Advancement: Professional development to build skills and opportunities to advance Healthcare leader: Progressive, stable company with 30 years of experience in delivering care at home and commitment to clinical excellence If you’re looking for a home where you can put...Hospice Case Manager, RNAmedisys Dallas, TX, USAAs a hospice case manager for Amedisys, you will have a special opportunity to provide, coordinate and direct the provision of hospice nursing and palliative care to terminally ill patients in their home. You will closely collaborate with the attending physician, patients and their families, and other members of the patient care team to provide and maintain continuity of patient care to achieve excellent pain and symptom management and high quality end-of-life care for the patient. Assess and reassess all physical, environmental and emotional factors to determine hospice needs for patients in the home setting Works in cooperation with the family/caregiver and IDT to meet the emotional needs of the patient/family/caregiver. Utilize a combination of agency resources and nationally recognized standards of practice to achieve excellent pain and symptom management and high quality end-of-life care. Coordinate the total Plan of Care...Jan 18, 2021As a hospice case manager for Amedisys, you will have a special opportunity to provide, coordinate and direct the provision of hospice nursing and palliative care to terminally ill patients in their home. You will closely collaborate with the attending physician, patients and their families, and other members of the patient care team to provide and maintain continuity of patient care to achieve excellent pain and symptom management and high quality end-of-life care for the patient. Assess and reassess all physical, environmental and emotional factors to determine hospice needs for patients in the home setting Works in cooperation with the family/caregiver and IDT to meet the emotional needs of the patient/family/caregiver. Utilize a combination of agency resources and nationally recognized standards of practice to achieve excellent pain and symptom management and high quality end-of-life care. Coordinate the total Plan of Care...Channel Development Manager, Product InspectionThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Jan 18, 2021The Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Clinical ManagerAmedisys Dallas, GA, USAResponsible for the supervision, management, coordination and provision of quality patient care while demonstrating fiscal responsibility and maintaining the highest standards of care and ensuring compliance with all policies, procedures, and regulatory requirements. Accountable for measuring, monitoring, and managing quality of patient care, achievement of key performance indicators and organizational clinical performance. Participates in interviewing and hiring of clinical staff and responsible for management/development of the clinical staff. Assist other disciplines in coordinating activities when necessary, assuming responsibility for continuity, appropriateness and quality of services delivered. Develops, plans, implements, analyzes and organizes clinical operations for the care center. Reviews requests for services and determines patient eligibility and suitability for home care services. Works with intake in coordinating patient referrals and...Jan 18, 2021Responsible for the supervision, management, coordination and provision of quality patient care while demonstrating fiscal responsibility and maintaining the highest standards of care and ensuring compliance with all policies, procedures, and regulatory requirements. Accountable for measuring, monitoring, and managing quality of patient care, achievement of key performance indicators and organizational clinical performance. Participates in interviewing and hiring of clinical staff and responsible for management/development of the clinical staff. Assist other disciplines in coordinating activities when necessary, assuming responsibility for continuity, appropriateness and quality of services delivered. Develops, plans, implements, analyzes and organizes clinical operations for the care center. Reviews requests for services and determines patient eligibility and suitability for home care services. Works with intake in coordinating patient referrals and...Field Applications ScientistThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Field Service Engineer is responsible for performing the on site installation, servicing and repair of complex equipment and systems. Investigates and approves operational quality of system equipment. Instructs customers in the operation and maintenance of the system. Serves as company liaison with customer on administrative and technical matters for assigned projects. Conducts on-site installations of the full range of Thermo Fisher systems and their associated options. What will you do: Conduct on-site installation of complex equipment and follow testing procedures to ensure proper working order Conduct on-site scheduled planned maintenance visits Provide troubleshooting and repair support for customers and other field service personnel Cultivate and develop positive working relationships with customers, system users and company personnel Travel, often on short notice, to customer sites to resolve problems or support other field service personnel Complete...Jan 18, 2021The Field Service Engineer is responsible for performing the on site installation, servicing and repair of complex equipment and systems. Investigates and approves operational quality of system equipment. Instructs customers in the operation and maintenance of the system. Serves as company liaison with customer on administrative and technical matters for assigned projects. Conducts on-site installations of the full range of Thermo Fisher systems and their associated options. What will you do: Conduct on-site installation of complex equipment and follow testing procedures to ensure proper working order Conduct on-site scheduled planned maintenance visits Provide troubleshooting and repair support for customers and other field service personnel Cultivate and develop positive working relationships with customers, system users and company personnel Travel, often on short notice, to customer sites to resolve problems or support other field service personnel Complete...Field Service Engineer IIThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Field Service Engineer is responsible for performing the on site installation, servicing and repair of complex equipment and systems. Investigates and approves operational quality of system equipment. Instructs customers in the operation and maintenance of the system. Serves as company liaison with customer on administrative and technical matters for assigned projects. Conducts on-site installations of the full range of Thermo Fisher systems and their associated options. What will you do: Conduct on-site installation of complex equipment and follow testing procedures to ensure proper working order Conduct on-site scheduled planned maintenance visits Provide troubleshooting and repair support for customers and other field service personnel Cultivate and develop positive working relationships with customers, system users and company personnel Travel, often on short notice, to customer sites to resolve problems or support other field service personnel Complete...Jan 18, 2021The Field Service Engineer is responsible for performing the on site installation, servicing and repair of complex equipment and systems. Investigates and approves operational quality of system equipment. Instructs customers in the operation and maintenance of the system. Serves as company liaison with customer on administrative and technical matters for assigned projects. Conducts on-site installations of the full range of Thermo Fisher systems and their associated options. What will you do: Conduct on-site installation of complex equipment and follow testing procedures to ensure proper working order Conduct on-site scheduled planned maintenance visits Provide troubleshooting and repair support for customers and other field service personnel Cultivate and develop positive working relationships with customers, system users and company personnel Travel, often on short notice, to customer sites to resolve problems or support other field service personnel Complete...Inventory AssociateThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Jan 18, 2021The Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Food Safety National Business ManagerThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Jan 18, 2021The Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Project Manager, Non-IT - Life Sciences Solutions GroupThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Jan 18, 2021The Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Warehouse WorkerThermo Fisher Scientific Dallas, TX, USAThe Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Jan 18, 2021The Sales and Service Division (SSD) of Thermo Fisher is charged with selling and servicing Thermo Fisher products in geographical territories worldwide. The SSD Organization serves as the primary Thermo Fisher contact to both potential customers and current customers alike, providing a range of value-added products and services and maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Combining hardware and software expertise in electron, ion, and light microscopy with deep application knowledge in the materials science, life sci­ences, electronics, and natural resources markets, the worldwide Thermo Fisher team of 2,700+ employees is dedicated to customers' pursuit of discovery and resolution to global challenges. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences...Pharmaceutical Sales Territory RepFull Circle Health Dallas, TX, USAPharmaceutical Sales Territory Representative As one of our Pharmaceutical Sales Representatives (Entry level / Experienced) you will manage and develop long-term relationships with physicians and other healthcare professionals for the customer accounts in your geographic territory. As such, each Pharmaceutical Sales Rep will represent the assigned brand products and their approved indications; helping external customers such as physicians, nurses, etc. learn about the benefits of the assigned healthcare and pharmacology products in relation to the applicable therapeutic area or disease state. We are looking to add to our strong, customer-focused Pharmaceutical Sales Rep team who will represent our products with integrity and conviction. Interested Pharmaceutical Sales Rep (Entry level / Experienced) candidates should demonstrate the following: You have some sales experience with good sales abilities and have the entrepreneurial spirit and drive to help grow our...Jan 14, 2021Full timePharmaceutical Sales Territory Representative As one of our Pharmaceutical Sales Representatives (Entry level / Experienced) you will manage and develop long-term relationships with physicians and other healthcare professionals for the customer accounts in your geographic territory. As such, each Pharmaceutical Sales Rep will represent the assigned brand products and their approved indications; helping external customers such as physicians, nurses, etc. learn about the benefits of the assigned healthcare and pharmacology products in relation to the applicable therapeutic area or disease state. We are looking to add to our strong, customer-focused Pharmaceutical Sales Rep team who will represent our products with integrity and conviction. Interested Pharmaceutical Sales Rep (Entry level / Experienced) candidates should demonstrate the following: You have some sales experience with good sales abilities and have the entrepreneurial spirit and drive to help grow our...Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis - Finance Shared ServicesMcKesson Dallas, TX, USAWe deliver careers with purpose and potential. Our focus on better health starts with creating an inclusive environment with strong values where you can build a fulfilling career. You can count on us to provide you with resources and opportunities to grow and be your best, while contributing to our pursuit of improving lives. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. We work to distribute medical supplies, bandages, syringes, vials of flu vaccine, and pharmaceutical drugs to help real patients like Jack, an eight-year-old boy battling cancer. We take that job seriously. Together, the work we do is shaping the future of healthcare. If you are passionate about combining a meaningful career with a balanced life, join us on this journey and apply for a job with McKesson today. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and...Jan 12, 2021We deliver careers with purpose and potential. Our focus on better health starts with creating an inclusive environment with strong values where you can build a fulfilling career. You can count on us to provide you with resources and opportunities to grow and be your best, while contributing to our pursuit of improving lives. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. We work to distribute medical supplies, bandages, syringes, vials of flu vaccine, and pharmaceutical drugs to help real patients like Jack, an eight-year-old boy battling cancer. We take that job seriously. Together, the work we do is shaping the future of healthcare. If you are passionate about combining a meaningful career with a balanced life, join us on this journey and apply for a job with McKesson today. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and...Vice President, Product Management - Pharmacy DispensingMcKesson Dallas, TX, USAWe deliver careers with purpose and potential. Our focus on better health starts with creating an inclusive environment with strong values where you can build a fulfilling career. You can count on us to provide you with resources and opportunities to grow and be your best, while contributing to our pursuit of improving lives. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. We work to distribute medical supplies, bandages, syringes, vials of flu vaccine, and pharmaceutical drugs to help real patients like Jack, an eight-year-old boy battling cancer. We take that job seriously. Together, the work we do is shaping the future of healthcare. If you are passionate about combining a meaningful career with a balanced life, join us on this journey and apply for a job with McKesson today. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and...Jan 12, 2021We deliver careers with purpose and potential. Our focus on better health starts with creating an inclusive environment with strong values where you can build a fulfilling career. You can count on us to provide you with resources and opportunities to grow and be your best, while contributing to our pursuit of improving lives. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and life of a patient. We work to distribute medical supplies, bandages, syringes, vials of flu vaccine, and pharmaceutical drugs to help real patients like Jack, an eight-year-old boy battling cancer. We take that job seriously. Together, the work we do is shaping the future of healthcare. If you are passionate about combining a meaningful career with a balanced life, join us on this journey and apply for a job with McKesson today. Every day, McKesson’s employees deliver products to healthcare providers that make a difference in the care and...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsResume ServicesPost Your ResumeFacebookLinkedINTwitter© 2008-2021 Powered by PharmVille"
