"USAJOBS - Job Announcementfamily-of-overseas-employees federal-employees-competitive federal-employees-competitive federal-employees-excepted federal-employees-transition individuals-with-disabilities Created with Sketch. internal-to-an-agency Created with Sketch. internal-to-an-agency Created with Sketch. military-spouses Created with Sketch. national-guard Created with Sketch. native-americans Created with Sketch. peace-corps public ses se-other students graduates veterans speical authorities land-mgmtTransportation Security Officer (TSO)Department of Homeland SecurityTransportation Security AdministrationHelpOverviewReviewing applicationsOpen & closing dates10/09/2018 to 10/04/2019ServiceExceptedPay scale & gradeSV DSalary$21.45 to $28.26 per hourAppointment typePermanentWork schedulePart-TimeHelpLocationsNantucket, MA MANY vacanciesRelocation expenses reimbursedNoTelework eligibleNoHelpThis job is open toThe publicU.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.PrintAnnouncement numberACK-F19-P001Control number513112800DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryAny offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities concerning, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) guidance, and Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesFor more information on working at Nantucket Memorial Airport, please Click Here.Salary Information: The salary range listed above includes locality pay of 15.67% and a retention incentive of 35% of basic pay that is unique to this duty location. In order to recruit and retain highly qualified employees at this location, TSA has approved the payment of a bi-weekly retention incentive. The current starting hourly rate for this position is $21.45. The continuation of the incentive portion of this hourly rate is contingent upon annual approval and funding.Hiring: TSA may apply a gender-specific (male or female) hiring preference to fill TSO positions in order to meet security mission and same gender pat-down job-related requirements. At airport locations where it is necessary to apply the hiring preference, candidates of the needed gender will be provided preference in the scheduling of the computer based aptitude test, airport assessments, processing and selection.DHS components work collectively to prevent terrorism, secure borders, enforce and administer immigration laws, safeguard cyberspace and ensure resilience to disasters.Securing Travel, Protecting People-At the TSA, you will serve in a high-stakes environment to safeguard the American way of life. Across the nation, you will be on the front line of the DHS’s TSA team as they secure airports, seaports, railroads, highways, and public transit systems, thus protecting our transportation infrastructure and ensuring freedom of movement for people and commerce.Realistic Job Preview: The Realistic Job Preview gives you an honest, objective and vivid portrait of what it means to work as a Transportation Security Officer (TSO) and provides employee testimonies about both the good and the challenging aspects of being a TSO. To view the video, please Click Here.Transportation Security Officers (TSOs) provide security and protection of air travelers, airports and aircraft in a courteous and professional manner. This includes:Operating various screening equipment and technology to identify dangerous objects in baggage, cargo and on passengers, and preventing those objects from being transported onto aircraft.Performing searches and screening, which may include physical interaction with passengers (e.g., pat-downs, search of property, etc.), conducting bag searches and lifting/carrying bags, bins, and property weighing up to 50lbs.Controlling terminal entry and exit points.Interacting with the public, giving directions and responding to inquiries.Maintaining focus and awareness while working in a stressful environment which includes noise from alarms, machinery and people, crowd distractions, time pressure, and disruptive and angry passengers, in order to preserve the professional ability to identify and locate potentially life threatening or mass destruction devices, and to make effective decisions in both crisis and routine situations.Engaging in continuous development of critical thinking skills, necessary to mitigate actual and potential security threats, by identifying, evaluating, and applying appropriate situational options and approaches. This may include application of risk-based security screening protocols that vary based on program requirements.Retaining and implementing knowledge of all applicable Standard Operating Procedures, demonstrating responsible and dependable behavior, and is open to change and adapts to new information or unexpected obstacles.Travel RequiredOccasional travel - A minimum of two (2) weeks of travel in a full-time duty status will be required to complete TSA’s New Hire training. New Hire training and travel requirements vary by duty location and may require up to six (6) weeks of full-time duty status travel. This training will occur away from the employee’s airport of record. Employees will be paid for compensable hours and reimbursed for authorized travel expenses per TSA Travel Policy. While employed with TSA, other occasional travel may be required.Supervisory statusNoPromotion PotentialEJob family (Series)1802 Compliance Inspection And SupportRequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions Of EmploymentMust be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National and at least 18 years of agePass a drug screening, medical evaluation, and background investigationSubject to post-employment random drug and/or alcohol testingMust be registered for Selective Service (males born after 12/31/59)Must be available to work various shifts and overtime, as neededMandatory travel for training and occasional travel may be requiredThe qualification requirements listed above must be met at the time of application submission.Veterans' Preference: TSA will provide employment preference to eligible veterans by applying veterans' preference as defined in the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (PL 107-71) and to those eligible under the provisions of Title 5, United States Code (USC), Section 2108.Selective Service Registration Requirement: TSA policy requires verification of Selective Service registration for male applicants born after 12/31/59. To find out if you initially meet the Selective Service registration requirement for TSA employment, please Click Here.Credit: Applicants must not have delinquent Federal or State taxes, past due child support payments, and must not have defaulted on $7,500 or more in delinquent debt (except for some bankruptcies).E-Verify: DHS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.QualificationsApplicants must meet these qualifications in order to be further evaluated in the TSO hiring process:Have a high school diploma, General Educational Development (GED), High School Equivalency Test (HiSET), or Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC) credential OR at least one year of full-time work experience in the security industry, aviation screening, or as an X-ray technicianBe proficient in the English language (i.e., able to read, write, speak, and comprehend)National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.EducationAdditional informationNo moving, relocation or pre-employment travel expenses will be paid for this position, or while in application for this position.This position is not a law enforcement position and therefore, is not covered by Law Enforcement Availability Pay or Law Enforcement Retirement. Per the President's 2014 Fair Employment memo, TSA policy is to not adversely consider a candidate based on unemployment or financial difficulty through no fault of their own.TSA is an excepted service agency. Employment with TSA does not confer the \"Competitive Status\" that generally results from selection and service in Competitive Service agencies. However, permanent employees who have at least one year of continuous service with TSA will be eligible to apply for positions in other Federal agencies under the OPM-DHS Interchange Agreement.Reasonable Accommodation: Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the TSA HRAccess Help Desk at 1-877-872-7990 or TTY 1-877-872-7992.Bargaining Unit Status: This position is in the bargaining unit for which the American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE) is the exclusive representative.Reemployed Annuitants: Since the TSO position is permanent, it does not meet the eligibility requirement for a salary offset waiver under the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2010. Therefore, former Federal or Postal Service employees who are receiving a civilian retirement annuity may have their salary reduced by the amount of their pension, which could result in a biweekly net pay as low as zero dollars ($0.00) or a debt owed to the Federal Government.TSO Dress and Appearance Responsibilities: TSOs are required to adhere to the Personal Appearance Standard that requires a neat, clean and professional appearance while on duty or while wearing a uniform. This includes adherence to policies on accessories and grooming. For example, with the exception of 1/4 inch stud-type earrings, body and/or tongue piercing may not be visible to the public. In addition, tattoos of any kind on the head, face, and exposed areas of the neck must be covered at all times and not visible to the general public. TSA issued and approved items such as turtlenecks or dickies may be used to cover tattoos on the lower neck.Work Schedules for Part-time Positions: Specific work shifts and schedules will be determined by the airport.Part-time shifts generally range from 16-32 hours per weekPart-time work consists of shift-work on any day from Sunday through Saturday, which may include irregular hours, nights, holidays, overtime, extended shifts and weekend shifts, changing shifts, and split shiftsA \"split-shift\" consists of any two work shifts, each lasting at least two (2) hours in one 24-hour period, with at least two (2) hours between work shiftsMaintaining Employment: All TSOs must maintain the standard level of certification and fitness for duty, to include:Completing classroom training, on-the-job training, and all initial certification testingRecurrent and specialized training and recertification tests on a periodic basisPassing background investigations, including a criminal check and credit check, and all randomly administered drug and alcohol screening testsHow You Will Be EvaluatedIf you meet the minimum qualifications, you may be invited to take a Computer Based Test (CBT) to confirm English language proficiency and evaluate x-ray interpretation aptitude. Upon passing the CBT, you will be eligible to be scheduled for additional assessments, which include: (1) a structured interview to determine, among other qualities, your decision making skill and your ability to work with teams and the general public; (2) a drug screening; and, (3) a job related medical evaluation that includes a color vision test, vision exam, hearing exam, and adequate joint mobility exam (in part to determine the physical potential to repeatedly lift and/or carry up to 50 pounds, to stand for prolonged periods (e.g. 3-4 hours) of time without a break, and to walk up to three miles during a shift). Upon passing these assessments, you will be subject to a pre-hire background investigation. Based upon passing the pre-hire background investigation and a qualitative evaluation of the criteria above, you will be placed in one of the following categories:Best Qualified: Applicants demonstrating a superior level of all evaluation criteria.Highly Qualified: Applicants demonstrating a more than satisfactory level of the evaluation criteria.Qualified: Applicants demonstrating minimal or basic satisfactory qualifications, with general knowledge, skills, and abilities.Open to All U.S. Citizens and U.S. NationalsFor further information concerning U.S. citizenship, please Click Here.For more information on TSO medical requirements, please Click Here.For more information on TSO eligibility standards and background requirements, please Click Here.For definitions of terms found in this announcement, please Click Here.To preview questions please click here.Background checks and security clearanceSecurity clearanceNot RequiredDrug test requiredYesRequired DocumentsHelpRequired DocumentsIf you are claiming Veteran's Preference based upon period of service, a compensable disability, a widow or spouse entitlement, or as a Purple Heart recipient, please submit a copy of the following documents, as applicable: Form DD-214 - Certification of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member 4 copy), Form SF-15 - Application for 10-Point Veterans' Preference, and any documentation that supports your claim (e.g., Department of Veterans Affairs letter dated 1991 or later. Please refer to the SF-15 form to determine what documentation is required. To access this form, please Click Here.)A copy of your most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) if you are a current or former Federal employee. Current or former U.S. Postal Service employees should submit a copy of their Notification of Personnel Action (PS-50).If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.BenefitsHelpBenefitsA career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.Benefits for federal employeesHealthcare insurancePay and leaveDHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; transportation subsidies; and tuition reimbursement. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select \"Employee Benefits.\"Employees who transfer to TSA from an agency that allows employees to maintain an annual leave balance higher than the maximum accumulation for the appointed position will have their leave ceiling set to the maximum accumulation for the appointed position (e.g., United States duty location - 240 hours, foreign duty location - 360 hours). TSA will not make a monetary payment for any leave forfeited under these circumstances.Starting a career with TSA as a TSO may lead to promotion possibilities within DHS.http://www.dhs.gov/employee-benefitsEligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.How to ApplyHelpHow to ApplyApplications will be accepted online until 11:59PM Eastern Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date of the job opportunity announcement (JOA). However, if a sufficient number of applications are received, the announcement may be closed before the published application deadline. Therefore, applicants are strongly encouraged to promptly apply online and in advance of the announcement closing date.Application Steps: To submit your application online:Step #1: Click the \"Apply Online\" button from the USAJOBS application pageStep #2: Enter information into the resume fields and follow the process outlined in USAJOBS for creating and submitting your USAJOBS resumeStep #3: Submit any required supporting documentation. Please ensure you have included the Required Documents listed below, if applicable.If you do not have access to a computer and you are unable to apply on-line, please contact the TSA-HRAccess Help Desk at 1-877-872-7990 or TTY 1-877-872-7992. The Help Desk hours are: Eastern Standard/Daylight Time 7:00AM - 10:00PM Monday - Friday, 11:00AM - 3:00PM on Saturday, and 12:00PM - 4:00PM on Sunday. An \"Employment Packet\" will be sent to you via mail which must be completed and returned no later than 11:59PM Eastern Standard/ Daylight Time on the closing date of the JOA. An email address unique to you is required to apply even if you are submitting a paper application. And, if you have access to email but still cannot apply on-line, you may contact the TSA-HRAccess Help Desk by email at: Helpdesk@mailserver-hraccess.tsa.dhs.gov, to request that the \"Employment Packet\" be sent to you.Please note: If you have previously applied to a TSO JOA, you must utilize your existing USAJOBS account when applying to other TSO vacancies. If you need assistance accessing your existing USAJOBS account, please contact USAJOBS via the Contact Us link. Upon each submission of an application for a TSO vacancy, you must update your profile and demographic information, answer each application question, re-submit any applicable documentation, and select Finish at the end of the application. Otherwise, the application will be considered incomplete and will not be processed. Applicants must each use their own, individual email address when applying to a TSO job opportunity announcement. Email addresses are used as unique identifiers in the www.usajobs.gov system, so if you apply using the same email address as another TSA applicant, then all of the applications for each candidate who shares that account will be adversely impacted.This JOA is being used to fill positions at this airport location only. If you are interested in a different airport location, you will need to apply to a JOA for that specific location when advertised.Agency contact informationTSA HRAccess Help DeskPhone877-872-7990TDD877-872-7992Fax877-872-7993EmailHelpDesk@mailserver-hraccess.tsa.dhs.govAddressDHS/Transportation Security AdministrationShared Service Center6363 Walker LaneSuite 400Alexandria, Virginia 22310United StatesLearn more about this agencyVisit our careers pageLearn more about what it's like to work at Transportation Security Administration, what the agency does, and about the types of careers this agency offers.https://www.tsa.gov/about/Next stepsDue to the extensive pre-employment screening process, we are actively recruiting to fill current and future Transportation Security Officers within TSA. If you are interested in a career with TSA as a Transportation Security Officer, we encourage you to apply to this announcement. TSA encourages women, minorities and veterans to apply for an exciting career as a Transportation Security Officer with TSA.After applying, you will be notified of your status by e-mail. You will also receive instruction on how to monitor your application status on-line via the TSA Candidate Dashboard. Because some systems may re-direct TSA emails away from your Inbox, please be sure to also check your junk and spam email folders on a regular basis for emails that may contain important information regarding your application status and specific instructions about the hiring process.In order to help prevent these important messages from being automatically removed from your inbox, you may also want to consider adding the following two e-mail addresses to your contact list: 1) correspondence@mailserver-hraccess.tsa.dhs.gov, and 2) HelpDesk@mailserver-hraccess.tsa.dhs.gov.To render a final decision regarding your qualification for selection, several assessments are required, each of which may vary in length of time to schedule and successfully complete, and several of which may be dependent on you for submitting information as requested.Fair & TransparentThe Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.Equal Employment Opportunity PolicyThe United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy And gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for federal employees & job applicantsReasonable Accommodation PolicyFederal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.Legal and regulatory guidanceFinancial suitabilitySocial security number requestPrivacy ActSignature & False statementsSelective ServiceNew employee probationary periodThis job originated on www.usajobs.gov. For the full announcement and to apply, visit www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/513112800. Only resumes submitted according to the instructions on the job announcement listed at www.usajobs.gov will be considered."
