"Jobs | National Guard JobsHOMEAPPLY NOWJOB BLOGCAREERSNATIONALGUARD.COMSign inSign upHOMEAPPLY NOWJOB BLOGCAREERSNATIONALGUARD.COMKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs27 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchDurhamRefine by CategoriesMechanic and Maintenance (10) Supply and Logistics (5) Technology and Networking (5) Ground Forces (1) Police and Protection (1) Transport (1)Medical (1) Admin and Relations (1) Engineer (1) Intelligence (1)MoreRefine by StateNorth Carolina (27)Email me jobs like this92Y Unit Supply Specialist - Warehouse ManagerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAAs a Unit Supply Specialist for the Army National Guard, you will ensure that your Unit and fellow Soldiers are well supplied and equipped for any mission. In this role, your keen eye and management ability will keep warehouse functions running smoothly. You will oversee the shipping, storage, and supply of Army National Guard equipment. This includes receiving, inspecting, invoicing, storing, and delivering supplies. You will: ensure that all documents are prepared and organized; maintain automated systems; secure and control weapons and ammunition; and schedule and provide maintenance for weapons. Job Duties • Issue and receive small arms. Secure and control weapons and ammunition in security areas • Schedule and perform preventive and organizational maintenance on weapons • Operate unit level computers Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Procedures for handling medical and food supplies Helpful Skills • Interest in mathematics,...Jan 16, 2021As a Unit Supply Specialist for the Army National Guard, you will ensure that your Unit and fellow Soldiers are well supplied and equipped for any mission. In this role, your keen eye and management ability will keep warehouse functions running smoothly. You will oversee the shipping, storage, and supply of Army National Guard equipment. This includes receiving, inspecting, invoicing, storing, and delivering supplies. You will: ensure that all documents are prepared and organized; maintain automated systems; secure and control weapons and ammunition; and schedule and provide maintenance for weapons. Job Duties • Issue and receive small arms. Secure and control weapons and ammunition in security areas • Schedule and perform preventive and organizational maintenance on weapons • Operate unit level computers Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Procedures for handling medical and food supplies Helpful Skills • Interest in mathematics,...12B Combat Engineer - Construction and Engineering SpecialistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USACombat Engineers are essential to mission success by assisting their fellow Soldiers in tackling unpredictable environments. As a member of an Army National Guard Combat Engineer team, you'll design and build bridges, roadways, secure perimeters, and tactical firing systems, as well as detect and safely neutralize mines and other dangers to safeguard your team and repel the enemy. Job Duties • Construct fighting positions, fixed/floating bridges, obstacles, and defensive positions • Place and detonate explosives • Conduct operations that include route clearance of obstacles and rivers Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Basic demolitions • Basic explosive hazards • Constructing wire obstacles • Fixed bridge building • Basic urban operations • Operating heavy equipment Helpful Skills • Ability to use hand and power tools • Ability to perform strenuous physical activities over long periods of time...Jan 16, 2021Combat Engineers are essential to mission success by assisting their fellow Soldiers in tackling unpredictable environments. As a member of an Army National Guard Combat Engineer team, you'll design and build bridges, roadways, secure perimeters, and tactical firing systems, as well as detect and safely neutralize mines and other dangers to safeguard your team and repel the enemy. Job Duties • Construct fighting positions, fixed/floating bridges, obstacles, and defensive positions • Place and detonate explosives • Conduct operations that include route clearance of obstacles and rivers Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Basic demolitions • Basic explosive hazards • Constructing wire obstacles • Fixed bridge building • Basic urban operations • Operating heavy equipment Helpful Skills • Ability to use hand and power tools • Ability to perform strenuous physical activities over long periods of time...12T Technical EngineerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USATechnical Engineers pen the plans that lead construction crews to success. As a Technical Engineer in the Army National Guard, you will develop the skills necessary to help build, plan, and repair airstrips, docks, barracks, roads, and other projects. Your training will enable you to assume duties that include construction site development, such as technical investigation, surveying, drafting, and the development of construction plans and specifications. Specific duties may include: construction material testing; drawing maps, charts, and making scale drawings of roads, airfields, and buildings; conducting land surveys and computing survey results; preparing structure wiring and plumbing diagrams; building scale models of land areas that show hills, lakes, roads, and buildings; and piecing together aerial photographs to form large photomaps. Job Duties • Draw topographic maps and charts using Computer Aided Drafting systems and software • Conduct geodetic and...Jan 16, 2021Technical Engineers pen the plans that lead construction crews to success. As a Technical Engineer in the Army National Guard, you will develop the skills necessary to help build, plan, and repair airstrips, docks, barracks, roads, and other projects. Your training will enable you to assume duties that include construction site development, such as technical investigation, surveying, drafting, and the development of construction plans and specifications. Specific duties may include: construction material testing; drawing maps, charts, and making scale drawings of roads, airfields, and buildings; conducting land surveys and computing survey results; preparing structure wiring and plumbing diagrams; building scale models of land areas that show hills, lakes, roads, and buildings; and piecing together aerial photographs to form large photomaps. Job Duties • Draw topographic maps and charts using Computer Aided Drafting systems and software • Conduct geodetic and...25B Information Technology SpecialistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAIf you’ve ever considered a job in IT, become an Information Technology Specialist in the Army National Guard and expand your skills and experience with complex technologies. In this role, you will be responsible for sending, receiving, and processing messages and data on the Guard’s sophisticated networks. You will also maintain and troubleshoot the systems that support the military’s logistics and classified data, and build firewalls that can withstand any attempted cyberattack. Job Duties • Maintenance of networks, hardware, and software • Provide customer and network administration services • Construct, edit, and test computer programs Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Use of computer consoles and peripheral equipment • Computer systems concepts • Planning, designing, and testing computer systems Helpful Skills • Interest in computer science • Strong attention to detail • Ability to...Jan 16, 2021If you’ve ever considered a job in IT, become an Information Technology Specialist in the Army National Guard and expand your skills and experience with complex technologies. In this role, you will be responsible for sending, receiving, and processing messages and data on the Guard’s sophisticated networks. You will also maintain and troubleshoot the systems that support the military’s logistics and classified data, and build firewalls that can withstand any attempted cyberattack. Job Duties • Maintenance of networks, hardware, and software • Provide customer and network administration services • Construct, edit, and test computer programs Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Use of computer consoles and peripheral equipment • Computer systems concepts • Planning, designing, and testing computer systems Helpful Skills • Interest in computer science • Strong attention to detail • Ability to...25N Nodal Network Systems Operator-MaintainerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAAs a Nodal Network Systems Operator-Maintainer for the Army National Guard, you can expand your technological skillset while serving your Nation at the same time! The Guard relies on many complex systems to communicate, and the Nodal Network Maintainer ensures the functionality of these systems in support of operational requirements. Your duties will include: supervising, installing, operating, and performing field-level maintenance on Internet Protocol-based high-speed electronic communication systems; working with integrated network control centers; performing network management functions by maintaining, troubleshooting, and re-engineering communication assets; and maintaining communications security, or COSMEC devices and other equipment associated with network communication operations. Job Duties • Field-level maintenance on electronic nodal assemblages, combat net radios, and ancillary communications equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn •...Jan 16, 2021As a Nodal Network Systems Operator-Maintainer for the Army National Guard, you can expand your technological skillset while serving your Nation at the same time! The Guard relies on many complex systems to communicate, and the Nodal Network Maintainer ensures the functionality of these systems in support of operational requirements. Your duties will include: supervising, installing, operating, and performing field-level maintenance on Internet Protocol-based high-speed electronic communication systems; working with integrated network control centers; performing network management functions by maintaining, troubleshooting, and re-engineering communication assets; and maintaining communications security, or COSMEC devices and other equipment associated with network communication operations. Job Duties • Field-level maintenance on electronic nodal assemblages, combat net radios, and ancillary communications equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn •...25Q Multi-Channel Transmission Systems Operator-MaintainerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAFor the military to make strategic decisions, they depend on having the right information when they need it. Multi-Channel Transmission Systems Operator-Maintainers ensure the communication to make these decisions continues to surge through all channels without any interruption. As a Multi-Channel Transmission Systems Operator-Maintainer, you will be responsible for keeping information moving through the Army National Guard’s communication systems in both tactical and strategic environments. Your duties will include: installing, repairing, operating, and running maintenance checks on multi-channel transmission diagnostic equipment, devices, and antennae; setting up transmitters, receivers, cable modems, and ultra-high frequency antennas; setting up line-of-sight satellites and cable link systems; and operation of radio equipment. Job Duties • Maintenance on assigned equipment, vehicles, security devices, and power generators • Analyze BIT/BITE diagnostics to...Jan 16, 2021For the military to make strategic decisions, they depend on having the right information when they need it. Multi-Channel Transmission Systems Operator-Maintainers ensure the communication to make these decisions continues to surge through all channels without any interruption. As a Multi-Channel Transmission Systems Operator-Maintainer, you will be responsible for keeping information moving through the Army National Guard’s communication systems in both tactical and strategic environments. Your duties will include: installing, repairing, operating, and running maintenance checks on multi-channel transmission diagnostic equipment, devices, and antennae; setting up transmitters, receivers, cable modems, and ultra-high frequency antennas; setting up line-of-sight satellites and cable link systems; and operation of radio equipment. Job Duties • Maintenance on assigned equipment, vehicles, security devices, and power generators • Analyze BIT/BITE diagnostics to...25S Satellite Communication Systems Operator-MaintainerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USACommunication is a vital part of the military’s ability to run successful missions. It’s the role of the Satellite Communication Systems Operator-Maintainers to ensure the lines of communication are always open, by installing, operating, and maintaining strategic and tactical multi-channel satellite communications. Duties of the Satellite Communication Systems Operator-Maintainer include: transmitting, receiving, and logging messages according to military procedures; encoding and decoding classified messages; operating telephone switchboards; installing, maintaining, and operating communications equipment; and monitoring and responding to emergency calls. Advanced Satellite Communication Systems Operator-Maintainers provide guidance on technical issues to other Soldiers; identify and report electronic jamming and deception; and apply appropriate electronic countermeasures. Job Duties • Conduct stressed and unstressed network operations •...Jan 16, 2021Communication is a vital part of the military’s ability to run successful missions. It’s the role of the Satellite Communication Systems Operator-Maintainers to ensure the lines of communication are always open, by installing, operating, and maintaining strategic and tactical multi-channel satellite communications. Duties of the Satellite Communication Systems Operator-Maintainer include: transmitting, receiving, and logging messages according to military procedures; encoding and decoding classified messages; operating telephone switchboards; installing, maintaining, and operating communications equipment; and monitoring and responding to emergency calls. Advanced Satellite Communication Systems Operator-Maintainers provide guidance on technical issues to other Soldiers; identify and report electronic jamming and deception; and apply appropriate electronic countermeasures. Job Duties • Conduct stressed and unstressed network operations •...25U Signal Support Systems SpecialistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USACommunication is the pulse of Army National Guard units, and it’s up to the Signal Support Systems Specialist to ensure the information keeps flowing so the military doesn’t miss a beat. Signal Support Systems Specialists are responsible for integrating signal systems and networks; performing signal support functions and unit-level maintenance on authorized signal equipment; and installing, operating, and maintaining radio and data distribution systems. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers; maintain and install signal support systems and terminal devices; provide technical assistance and training for automation and communications equipment; prepare maintenance and supply requests for unit-level signal support; and operate and perform preventative maintenance checks and services on assigned vehicles. Job Duties • Maintain radio and data distribution systems • Perform signal support functions and technical assistance for computer...Jan 16, 2021Communication is the pulse of Army National Guard units, and it’s up to the Signal Support Systems Specialist to ensure the information keeps flowing so the military doesn’t miss a beat. Signal Support Systems Specialists are responsible for integrating signal systems and networks; performing signal support functions and unit-level maintenance on authorized signal equipment; and installing, operating, and maintaining radio and data distribution systems. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers; maintain and install signal support systems and terminal devices; provide technical assistance and training for automation and communications equipment; prepare maintenance and supply requests for unit-level signal support; and operate and perform preventative maintenance checks and services on assigned vehicles. Job Duties • Maintain radio and data distribution systems • Perform signal support functions and technical assistance for computer...35F Intelligence AnalystNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAOn the battlefield, success depends on accurate and timely intel. As an Army National Guard Intelligence Analyst, you will play a key role in the interpretation and exploitation of information gathered from or about the enemy. Intelligence Analysts provide Guard personnel with information about enemy forces and potential battle areas, and use information derived from all intelligence disciplines to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action. Specific duties of the Intelligence Analyst may include: preparation of all-source intelligence products; providing Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) Synchronization support; processing incoming reports and messages; determining the significance and reliability of incoming information; establishing and maintaining systematic, cross-reference intelligence records and files; integrating incoming information with current intelligence holdings; and the preparation and maintenance...Jan 16, 2021On the battlefield, success depends on accurate and timely intel. As an Army National Guard Intelligence Analyst, you will play a key role in the interpretation and exploitation of information gathered from or about the enemy. Intelligence Analysts provide Guard personnel with information about enemy forces and potential battle areas, and use information derived from all intelligence disciplines to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action. Specific duties of the Intelligence Analyst may include: preparation of all-source intelligence products; providing Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) Synchronization support; processing incoming reports and messages; determining the significance and reliability of incoming information; establishing and maintaining systematic, cross-reference intelligence records and files; integrating incoming information with current intelligence holdings; and the preparation and maintenance...42A Human Resources SpecialistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAWhen a Soldier has a question about benefits, policy, or needs help with a sensitive issue, the Army National Guard’s Human Resources Specialist is the primary go-to person. As an HR Specialist, you will help Soldiers develop their Guard careers and provide personnel support and assistance to all divisions within the Guard. Specific responsibilities of the HR Specialist may include: organizing, maintaining, and reviewing personnel records; data entry and retrieval; processing recommendations; arranging awards ceremonies; preparing, updating, and coordinating requests for evaluations; preparing and monitoring Soldier requests for ID cards and tags, leaves of absence, and passes; ordering and maintaining office supplies; and maintaining filing systems. Job Duties • Assist on all human resource support matters • Oversight of all strength management and strength distribution actions • Responsible for the readiness, health, and welfare of all Soldiers...Jan 16, 2021When a Soldier has a question about benefits, policy, or needs help with a sensitive issue, the Army National Guard’s Human Resources Specialist is the primary go-to person. As an HR Specialist, you will help Soldiers develop their Guard careers and provide personnel support and assistance to all divisions within the Guard. Specific responsibilities of the HR Specialist may include: organizing, maintaining, and reviewing personnel records; data entry and retrieval; processing recommendations; arranging awards ceremonies; preparing, updating, and coordinating requests for evaluations; preparing and monitoring Soldier requests for ID cards and tags, leaves of absence, and passes; ordering and maintaining office supplies; and maintaining filing systems. Job Duties • Assist on all human resource support matters • Oversight of all strength management and strength distribution actions • Responsible for the readiness, health, and welfare of all Soldiers...68W Health Care SpecialistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USABe the first line of defense against injury and illness of civilians after natural disasters, and the Soldiers who serve and protect our Nation every day. As a Health Care Specialist in the Army National Guard, you will experience a fulfilling role as an expert caretaker on and off the battlefield. You will address the health care needs of civilians after natural disasters or civil emergencies; treat injuries and illnesses suffered by Soldiers through the administration of immediate emergency care and ongoing care; and support and manage medical readiness, supplies, and equipment. Job Duties • Administer emergency medical treatment to battlefield casualties • Assist with outpatient and inpatient care and treatment • Instruct Soldiers on Combat Lifesaver/First Responder training course • Manage Soldiers’ medical readiness, medical supplies, and equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Patient care techniques • Advanced...Jan 16, 2021Be the first line of defense against injury and illness of civilians after natural disasters, and the Soldiers who serve and protect our Nation every day. As a Health Care Specialist in the Army National Guard, you will experience a fulfilling role as an expert caretaker on and off the battlefield. You will address the health care needs of civilians after natural disasters or civil emergencies; treat injuries and illnesses suffered by Soldiers through the administration of immediate emergency care and ongoing care; and support and manage medical readiness, supplies, and equipment. Job Duties • Administer emergency medical treatment to battlefield casualties • Assist with outpatient and inpatient care and treatment • Instruct Soldiers on Combat Lifesaver/First Responder training course • Manage Soldiers’ medical readiness, medical supplies, and equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Patient care techniques • Advanced...74D Chemical Operations SpecialistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAJoin the frontlines to protect against some of the world’s most powerful threats. As a Chemical Operations Specialist for the Army National Guard, you will support the country during natural disaster relief efforts and safeguard the nation from chemical and biological warfare. To perform these functions, you will be trained to expertly handle nuclear, biological, and chemical (NBC) detection and decontamination equipment so you can assist in the application of NBC defense measures. You will also be asked to maintain disaster plans, operate and perform maintenance on smoke generating equipment, and coordinate with civilian personnel on what to do in an emergency. Job Duties • Provide training advice and supervision regarding CBRN equipment and operations Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Operation of CBRN decontamination, defense, detection, and monitoring equipment • Wear and use of protective equipment • Hazardous Material...Jan 16, 2021Join the frontlines to protect against some of the world’s most powerful threats. As a Chemical Operations Specialist for the Army National Guard, you will support the country during natural disaster relief efforts and safeguard the nation from chemical and biological warfare. To perform these functions, you will be trained to expertly handle nuclear, biological, and chemical (NBC) detection and decontamination equipment so you can assist in the application of NBC defense measures. You will also be asked to maintain disaster plans, operate and perform maintenance on smoke generating equipment, and coordinate with civilian personnel on what to do in an emergency. Job Duties • Provide training advice and supervision regarding CBRN equipment and operations Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Operation of CBRN decontamination, defense, detection, and monitoring equipment • Wear and use of protective equipment • Hazardous Material...88M Truck DriverNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAAs a Truck Driver in the Army National Guard, you are the backbone of military support. By transporting cargo and supplies, you’ll play an integral role in keeping the Guard moving forward. In this role, you will operate all wheeled vehicles and equipment over various terrain and roadways; manage load, unload, and safety of personnel being transported; employ defense techniques; identify, correct, or report vehicle deficiencies; and prepare vehicles for movement/shipment by air, rail, or vessel. Job Duties • Oversee and check proper loading and unloading of cargo on vehicles and trailers • Employ convoy defense techniques Helpful Skills • Experience in driver education • Interest in driving and mechanics Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career with trucking, moving, or bus companies as a tractor, trailer, heavy truck, or bus driver. Earn While You Learn Instead of paying to learn these...Jan 16, 2021As a Truck Driver in the Army National Guard, you are the backbone of military support. By transporting cargo and supplies, you’ll play an integral role in keeping the Guard moving forward. In this role, you will operate all wheeled vehicles and equipment over various terrain and roadways; manage load, unload, and safety of personnel being transported; employ defense techniques; identify, correct, or report vehicle deficiencies; and prepare vehicles for movement/shipment by air, rail, or vessel. Job Duties • Oversee and check proper loading and unloading of cargo on vehicles and trailers • Employ convoy defense techniques Helpful Skills • Experience in driver education • Interest in driving and mechanics Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career with trucking, moving, or bus companies as a tractor, trailer, heavy truck, or bus driver. Earn While You Learn Instead of paying to learn these...91A M1 ABRAMS Tank System MaintainerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAThe M1 Abrams Tank is the backbone of the armored forces. With the ability to engage enemies anytime, anywhere, it takes a highly detailed and skilled individual to ensure these vehicles keep pushing forward. As the M1 Abrams Tank System Maintainer in the Army National Guard, you will be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance on these tanks. Your duties will include: diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions; performing organizational maintenance and on-board direct support tasks on the suspension systems, steering systems, hydraulic systems, auxiliary power units, fire extinguisher/suppression systems, and gas particulate systems; and performing organizational maintenance on vehicular mounted armament, gun turret drive system, and fire control system. Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Electronic and mechanical principles and concepts • Use of electronic, electrical, and mechanical test equipment • Use of schematics, drawings, and...Jan 16, 2021The M1 Abrams Tank is the backbone of the armored forces. With the ability to engage enemies anytime, anywhere, it takes a highly detailed and skilled individual to ensure these vehicles keep pushing forward. As the M1 Abrams Tank System Maintainer in the Army National Guard, you will be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance on these tanks. Your duties will include: diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions; performing organizational maintenance and on-board direct support tasks on the suspension systems, steering systems, hydraulic systems, auxiliary power units, fire extinguisher/suppression systems, and gas particulate systems; and performing organizational maintenance on vehicular mounted armament, gun turret drive system, and fire control system. Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Electronic and mechanical principles and concepts • Use of electronic, electrical, and mechanical test equipment • Use of schematics, drawings, and...91B Light-Wheel Vehicle MechanicNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAAs a Light-Wheel Vehicle Mechanic for the Army National Guard you’ll ensure that anything that moves on wheels is ready to hit the road. In this role, you will primarily be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance and recovery operations on wheeled vehicles in the field and in the shop. Your duties will include inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, testing, adjusting, and replacing of systems and components; performing recovery operations, and servicing electrical systems; including wiring harness and charging systems. Job Duties • Maintain wheeled vehicles associated trailers and material handling equipment systems • Service automotive electrical systems, including wiring harness, and starting and charging systems Helpful Skills • Interest in troubleshooting and repairing mechanical problems • Interest in automotive engines and how they work Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy...Jan 16, 2021As a Light-Wheel Vehicle Mechanic for the Army National Guard you’ll ensure that anything that moves on wheels is ready to hit the road. In this role, you will primarily be responsible for supervising and performing maintenance and recovery operations on wheeled vehicles in the field and in the shop. Your duties will include inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, testing, adjusting, and replacing of systems and components; performing recovery operations, and servicing electrical systems; including wiring harness and charging systems. Job Duties • Maintain wheeled vehicles associated trailers and material handling equipment systems • Service automotive electrical systems, including wiring harness, and starting and charging systems Helpful Skills • Interest in troubleshooting and repairing mechanical problems • Interest in automotive engines and how they work Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy...91C Utilities Equipment RepairerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAIf you’re interested in a maintenance career, join the Army National Guard as a Utilities Equipment Repairer and help keep operations running smoothly on and off the battlefield. Your primary responsibility will be to maintain and repair utilities equipment and special-purpose support systems. Some of your duties may include maintaining, testing, and repairing electric motors; inspecting and repairing electrical equipment; inspecting and repairing electric instruments, replacing worn gaskets and sealing in watertight electrical equipment; and maintaining and repairing gasoline engine systems, air conditioner electrical systems, and portable heater fuel/electrical systems. Job Duties • Inspect and repair air conditioner electrical systems, air conditioner vapor systems, refrigeration unit electrical systems, portable heater fuel/electrical systems, fire extinguisher recharging systems and fire extinguishers/valves Through your training, you will develop the...Jan 16, 2021If you’re interested in a maintenance career, join the Army National Guard as a Utilities Equipment Repairer and help keep operations running smoothly on and off the battlefield. Your primary responsibility will be to maintain and repair utilities equipment and special-purpose support systems. Some of your duties may include maintaining, testing, and repairing electric motors; inspecting and repairing electrical equipment; inspecting and repairing electric instruments, replacing worn gaskets and sealing in watertight electrical equipment; and maintaining and repairing gasoline engine systems, air conditioner electrical systems, and portable heater fuel/electrical systems. Job Duties • Inspect and repair air conditioner electrical systems, air conditioner vapor systems, refrigeration unit electrical systems, portable heater fuel/electrical systems, fire extinguisher recharging systems and fire extinguishers/valves Through your training, you will develop the...91D Power-Generation Equipment RepairerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USASince the Army National Guard uses a plethora of electronic systems, power is essential to success. As the Power-Generation Equipment Repairer, you’ll supply the power to run virtually every aspect of Army activity whenever and wherever it’s needed. In this specialty, you’ll support military operations day or night by performing preventive maintenance checks on generation equipment, or replace voltage regulators, governors, or circuit cards. You may also adjust frequencies and voltages using technical publications to enhance equipment efficiency. Job Duties • Perform maintenance on tactical utility, precise power-generation sets, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Generator and powerplant operations • Electrical generation and distribution • Diesel generator operation, disassembly, inspection, and maintenance • Principles of electrical and electronic circuitry...Jan 16, 2021Since the Army National Guard uses a plethora of electronic systems, power is essential to success. As the Power-Generation Equipment Repairer, you’ll supply the power to run virtually every aspect of Army activity whenever and wherever it’s needed. In this specialty, you’ll support military operations day or night by performing preventive maintenance checks on generation equipment, or replace voltage regulators, governors, or circuit cards. You may also adjust frequencies and voltages using technical publications to enhance equipment efficiency. Job Duties • Perform maintenance on tactical utility, precise power-generation sets, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Generator and powerplant operations • Electrical generation and distribution • Diesel generator operation, disassembly, inspection, and maintenance • Principles of electrical and electronic circuitry...91E MachinistNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USAWhen a Soldier needs a part made or repaired right away, they look to Machinists for assistance. Army National Guard Machinists utilize their knowledge, skills, and expertise to repair broken parts, modify old ones, or fabricate replacements for all equipment. They achieve this by operating lathes, drill presses, grinders, welding gear, and other machine shop equipment. Duties could include: working with these tools, as well as measuring work with calipers, micrometers, and rulers; studying blueprints or written plans of the parts to be made; cutting metal stock using a variety of tools; using drill presses; and shaping and smoothing parts. Job Duties • Utilize machines such as engine lathes, utility grinders, power cutoff saws, hydraulic presses, drill presses, oxyacetylene, electric arc, inert gas welding machines and their associated attachments, accessories, and tools Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Use of different metals • Safety procedures...Jan 16, 2021When a Soldier needs a part made or repaired right away, they look to Machinists for assistance. Army National Guard Machinists utilize their knowledge, skills, and expertise to repair broken parts, modify old ones, or fabricate replacements for all equipment. They achieve this by operating lathes, drill presses, grinders, welding gear, and other machine shop equipment. Duties could include: working with these tools, as well as measuring work with calipers, micrometers, and rulers; studying blueprints or written plans of the parts to be made; cutting metal stock using a variety of tools; using drill presses; and shaping and smoothing parts. Job Duties • Utilize machines such as engine lathes, utility grinders, power cutoff saws, hydraulic presses, drill presses, oxyacetylene, electric arc, inert gas welding machines and their associated attachments, accessories, and tools Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Use of different metals • Safety procedures...91F Small Arms/Artillery RepairerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USASoldiers rely on their weapons to reign supreme on the battlefield. Working with everything from handguns and shotguns, to sniper rifles and ballistic missiles, the Small Arms/Artillery Repairer’s main responsibility is to maintain the electronic systems that keep these weapons firing for the Army National Guard. Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Electronic and mechanical principles and concepts • Understanding schematics, drawings, blueprints, and wiring diagrams • Operating electronic, electrical, and mechanical test equipment Helpful Skills • Preference for work requiring accuracy and attention to detail • Interest in working with weapons Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career as an electronic mechanic, an avionics technician, or a missile facilities repairer with firms that design, build, and test weapons for the military. Earn While You Lean Instead of paying to learn...Jan 16, 2021Soldiers rely on their weapons to reign supreme on the battlefield. Working with everything from handguns and shotguns, to sniper rifles and ballistic missiles, the Small Arms/Artillery Repairer’s main responsibility is to maintain the electronic systems that keep these weapons firing for the Army National Guard. Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Electronic and mechanical principles and concepts • Understanding schematics, drawings, blueprints, and wiring diagrams • Operating electronic, electrical, and mechanical test equipment Helpful Skills • Preference for work requiring accuracy and attention to detail • Interest in working with weapons Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career as an electronic mechanic, an avionics technician, or a missile facilities repairer with firms that design, build, and test weapons for the military. Earn While You Lean Instead of paying to learn...91H Track Vehicle RepairerNorth Carolina - Army National Guard Durham, NC, USABe the one that helps the Army National Guard stay on track as a Track Vehicle Repairer. Your primary responsibility will be to perform maintenance on track vehicles, and supervise activities that include fuel and electrical system repair. In this role, you will expand your mechanical skillset, and work on motorized track vehicle components like carburetors, transmissions, diesel power plants/packs, and other electrical systems. Job Duties • Repair diesel power plants/packs, compression ignition engine fuel systems, and compression ignition air induction systems • Fix vehicle air cooling systems and vehicle liquid cooling systems, and track hull electrical systems and automatic transmission assemblies • Service track vehicle cross drive transmission assemblies, transfer assemblies, hydraulic brake Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Engine repair and tune up or replacement • Body repair and body panel replacement Helpful Skills...Jan 16, 2021Be the one that helps the Army National Guard stay on track as a Track Vehicle Repairer. Your primary responsibility will be to perform maintenance on track vehicles, and supervise activities that include fuel and electrical system repair. In this role, you will expand your mechanical skillset, and work on motorized track vehicle components like carburetors, transmissions, diesel power plants/packs, and other electrical systems. Job Duties • Repair diesel power plants/packs, compression ignition engine fuel systems, and compression ignition air induction systems • Fix vehicle air cooling systems and vehicle liquid cooling systems, and track hull electrical systems and automatic transmission assemblies • Service track vehicle cross drive transmission assemblies, transfer assemblies, hydraulic brake Some of the Skills You’ll Learn • Engine repair and tune up or replacement • Body repair and body panel replacement Helpful Skills...Load morePRIVACYELIGIBILITYCAREERSBENEFITS©2020 United States Army National Guard"
