"Adecco Thailand - HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGERJob SeekersEmployersLanguageEnglishไทยRegister Log inOpen the navigationEnter job title for searchSearch for jobsSearchSign upLog inLanguageEnglishไทยJob Vacancies​View all jobsJob SearchWalk-in InterviewSpecial ProjectsCareer @ AdeccoE-Salary GuideKnowledge CenterNews & EventsAdecco in the newsEvent & ActivityMedia CenterAbout us​Get to knowWhy Adecco?Recruitment ProcessFAQCandidate VoicesContact UsContact AdeccoAdecco OfficesAre you an employer?X Close NavigationError!: ×Back to search resultsAdded 79 days agoHUMAN RESOURCES MANAGERLocationPetchaburiJob typePermanentSalaryNegotiableCategoryHuman ResourcesExperience7-10 YearsIndustryFood & Packaged FoodCareer Level Middle ManagementNumber of Vacancy 1Job Responsibilities· Responsible for overall human resources management roles including recruitment, HRIS, HRD, ER, Payroll and interviews for all positions in the headquarters and plant.· Develop human resources policies and procedures.· Manage personnel files of all staff and conduct and process staff payroll.· Update internal rules and regulations of the company.· Coordinate about administration tasks and other tasks as assigned by the Management.Experience requirements· Bachelor’s Degree in any fields with experiences in Human Resources especially from manufacturing, trading businesses at least 3 years in managerial level· Strong in recruitment, HRD, payroll, and strong knowledge in relevant labor laws and regulations· Competent in Microsoft Office, HRIS, Payroll etc. and communicate well in EnglishContact PersonSurichai SadubsarnAdeccoTel.+66 2121 3555 Ext.3502Go BackApply NowApply with Adecco Refer a friendSave for laterJob IDJN -112020-47897Related JobsHuman Resources ManagerBangkok90,000 ฿See job descriptionHR ExecutiveChonburi30,000-55,000 ฿See job descriptionHR ManagerRayong70,000 ฿See job description×Name :Please Select Mr. Miss Mrs.Surname :Nationality : Please Select Thai American Australian British Bruneian Burmese Cambodian Canadian Chinese Dutch French German Indian Indonesian Japanese Korean Lao Malaysian Philippines Singapore Vietnamese OthersDate of Birth :Please Select 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31Please Select January February March April May June July August September October November DecemberPlease Select 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962I hereby confirm that I’m of sufficient legal age or given a consent from my legal representative.Email :Phone :Resume : (Support file type: .txt, .pdf, .doc, .docx. Do not support file type: all images file, image converted to pdf)Current Position/New Grad :To improve efficiency of our job advertisement channel, please answer question below and then click apply job.How did you hear of this job vacancy? Please Select Direct access to this website Web search (e.g. Google, Bing, Yahoo) Social Media Advertisement Job Board Listing Direct Approach from Adecco Consultant Adecco E-Newsletter or Electronics Direct Mail Referral from family or friends Previously registered with Adecco Job Fair or Campus Recruitment Adecco Mobile Application Directory Listing Others (Please specify)-Please Specifiy- Facebook Page Twitter LinkedIn Google + YouTube Instagram-Please specifiy- Brochure and Adecco Document Newspaper Magazine TV Radio BillBoard SMS-Please specifiy- Jobsdb JobBKK JobThai NationejobsPlease SpecifyApply with Adecco×Adecco Privacy StatementAdecco takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following document to learn more about our Privacy Policy.1. Scope of this DocumentThis document details the personally identifiable information Adecco Consulting Ltd gathers about you online, how we use it and why we need it. This document is also applicable to any personally identifiable information our business partners may share with us.This document does not apply to the practices of companies that Adecco Consulting Ltd does not own or control or to people Adecco Consulting Ltd does not employ or manage.2. Collection and UseAdecco collects personally identifiable information when you register to use our on-line services. The gathering of this information is essential to enable us to provide you with the necessary level of service. It is possible to use our on-line services without registering, however, the functionality and service we provide is greatly reduced due to personally data protection system.When you register with Adecco Consulting Ltd, we may (depending upon which service you register for) ask for one or more of the following fields: your name, email, address, date of birth, gender, education, skills and qualifications, employment history (including remuneration details), references, race, job requirements (including location, salary sought, job industry, job title) plus any other information you may volunteer to us as part of the sign-up process.Adecco Consulting Ltd also gathers your IP address, cookie (if set), the requested page and date/time of any transaction in our web server logs.Adecco uses the information it gathers about you for three purposes:To provide you with the services you requestTo contact you from time to time about special service offeringsTo improve our service levels by monitoring usages and behavioural patterns3. Sharing and DisclosureAdecco Consulting Ltd does not share or rent your personal information with third parties unless:You have specifically consented to allow us to share your personal information with third party organizations.You are seeking employment with a third-party organization through the use of our services and for the purpose of evaluating your suitability the third-party organization requests some or all of the information you have supplied us for this purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, the information we supply to any third-party may only be used for the purpose for which it is supplied.We need to share your information in order to provide a service you have requested.We are required to do so by legal process or in response to a subpoena, court order or other legitimate request by an authority.4. Your Ability to Edit your DataYou have total freedom to login and amend any of your details at any time.Security Adecco Consulting Ltd protects your personal information using a unique password and login-id. It is your responsibility to safeguard your password and login-id. Do not share this information with anyone.Where appropriate we may use industry standard SSL encryption for the protection of data transmission.5. Changes to this PolicyAdecco Consulting Ltd may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make a substantial or material change to the way in which we will use your personal data we will contact you by email and prominently post a web page on the Adecco Consulting Ltd website detailing the changes.6. Further QuestionsShould you have any further questions or suggestions, please do not hesitate to reach us via “Contact Us’ found within the Adecco Thailand website (www.adecco.co.th). Or should you have any queries regarding Adecco’s treatment of your Personal Data, this consent form or any related matter, you may refer to Adecco Asia Data Protection PolicyAdecco Asia Data Protection PolicyWelcome to Adecco. We look forward to working with you to help you to further develop your career. As you’d expect, to properly perform our services, we collect and use information about you.Adecco is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy describes your privacy rights in relation tothe information about you that we process, as well as the steps we take to protect your privacy. We know it’s long, but please read this Policy carefully.Index1 Some terms to be clear about2 What personal information does the Company collect and use?3 Why do we use personal information about you?4 Why and on what basis do we use personal information?5 Do you have to give us the personal information we ask for?6 Do we process information about you without any human intervention at all?7 How long do you keep my personal information for?8 Do we transfer your personal information to third parties?9 What are your rights?10 What about data security when using Adecco Systems?11 How do we handle changes to this Policy?1. Some terms to be clear aboutFirst, we need to be clear about how we use some words in this Policy.It may seem obvious, but in this Policy, you will be referred to as ‘the Candidate’ or ‘You’.When we talk about ‘us’ or the ‘Company’ or ‘Adecco’ we mean the Adecco Group AG’s and the relevant affiliate processing your Personal Information. Through its various companies and business lines Adecco provides several HR (Human Resources) activities like staffing, secondment, payroll services, recruitment & selection, testing solutions, career transition, talent development, training & education, outplacement and international mobility.To carry out the above services the Company uses several IT systems. In some cases, the Company provides a Self-Service Portal (‘Portal’) for its candidates/personnel. The Portal allows you to search and apply for jobs the Company and its sister companies advertise which match your interests, skills and/or experience, in the locations where you have expressed an interest in working.Finally, this is a Policy about information and people. It includes facts about you, but also opinions about you and that you hold (“I’m a football fan” for example). It’s not about information about the Company (although sometimes the two overlap). This type of information is sometimes called ‘Personal information’, ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ or ‘PII’.We use the term ‘personal information’ in this Policy.2. What personal information does the Company collect and use?Personal information that the Company usually collects includes, but is not limited to:Your name, date and place of birth, contact details and qualifications (education, training courses and internships), documents evidencing your identity and right to work and any other information you listed on your resume or CV.If you log on to the Portal using your LinkedIn or any other social media account: your profile data.If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence.Feedback about you from our staff and third parties; where you give feedback on others.Your feedback about us and our services through our satisfaction surveysWe also collect information on your visits to our website/Portal including (but not limited to) your IP address, browser, timestamp, location, country traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access. This information will make your visit to our website/Portal easier in the future. We will, for example, suggest jobs to you which are being handled by branches local to where you were when you contacted us.We also collect information for marketing purposes and analysis, including information on how your respond to email, sms, phone and other marketing campaigns. We will have asked you for your explicit consent before sending marketing communication via these means.Photos and videos of your attendance at a video interview or training or similar sessions (you will be given a chance at the session to ask not to be videoed or photographed).Details of any disabilities and any accommodations we may need to make for you in the workplace.In some cases, we will also collect other sensitive data than only details related to disability, when we are permitted to do so by law.We would like also to inform you that Adecco will perform whatever assessment are necessary as part of the selection process, which may require the data submitted to be processed, and that it will include the results of the assessment in its recruitment database as part of the selection process.You are also informed that, as part of the selection process, the hiring entity may consult details of your public profile on social media (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.), and other public information and records, with the sole purpose of assessing and ascertaining your experience and professional skills, and to know whether your profile is consistent with the Adecco culture and values.3. Why do we use personal information about you?The Company collects and processes personal information for the following purposes (‘Purpose’):• To provide you with the services you expect us to, like finding you suitable jobs/assignments to apply for, helping you with training, or facilitating the process of applying for jobs/assignments. This includes sending your CV to prospective employers for their consideration and keeping you informed of future work opportunities by email, telephone, mail and/ or other communication methods• Direct marketing for example via e-mail, messaging or telephone• To further develop, test and improve our website/Portal, or other existing or new systems/processes to better serve you; this takes place in the context of new IT systems and processes, so that information about you will be used in the testing of those new IT systems and processes where dummy data cannot fully replicate the operation of that new IT system• To perform studies and statistical and analytical research, for example to compare the effectiveness of our placement of candidates between different business sectors and geographies and seek to identify factors that can influence any differences we identify• To transfer data to third parties (see below)• Where necessary, to comply with any legal obligationWe will also process your information to:a. promote the security and protection of people, premises, systems and assets;b. monitor compliance with internal policies and procedures;c. administer communications and other systems used by Adecco (including internal contact databases);d. investigate or respond to incidents and complaints;e. to promote internally that training sessions have taken place and utilise their content (in the case of photos or videos of training sessions), to market similar sessions internally and externally to third parties. In this case we will ask you for a explicit consent; andf. participate in any potential or actual purchase or sale, or joint venture, of all or part of a business or company, that any member of Adecco wishes to participate in.4. Why and on which basis do we use personal information?We are required by law to have a ground set out in the law to process the information we hold about you. The legal grounds can be:• Performing a contract or taking steps prior to entering a contractWhen you are already working with or about to engage through Adecco, our processing of personal information for all these purposes is based on processing grounds like the performance of a contract, or about to enter into a contract. These services can be such as providing you with suitable jobs to apply for or helping and assisting you with training and the application process.• Compliance with legal obligationsSometimes the processing is necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. Public authorities, such as tax, finance or data protection authorities may request personal information from us and provide us with a statutory reason to disclose information about you (e.g. the prevention or detection of a crime). In these circumstances, we are forced by law to provide the authorities with your data.• Fulfilment of our legitimate interestThe processing is necessary in the legitimate interests of Adecco in exercising its and its staff fundamental rights to run a business in a way which does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. This means that when processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Adecco, we balance your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms against our legitimate interest in processing. This ensures that we are not processing data in a manner that your interest and fundamental rights override our interest in such processing.We shall only process your personal information other than on these grounds with your consent, which is a further processing ground.5. Do you have to give us the personal information we ask for?You are not obliged to provide your personal information to us, but it would not be possible for us to work with you, or provide our services to you, if you do not provide us with a required minimum. It may also limit the services that you can receive from us if you in some instances choose to provide us with limited personal information.6. Do we process information about you without any human intervention at all?Yes, we do at times. The Company uses automated systems/processes and automated decision-making (like profiling) to provide you, and our clients, with the services you request from us. For example, when our clients are looking for candidates for jobs, we can conduct a search of our lists of candidates using automated criteria which takes into account your availability, skillset, pay rate and in some circumstances previous feedback we have received from clients to compile a shortlist which ranks which candidates are most likely to fulfil the client’s requirement. This means that sometimes your position in the rank may be higher than others, depending on how these factors match the clients’ needs.7. How long do you keep my personal information for?The Company can keep your personal information for up to 7 years after you register with us. If you are successful in find- ing work through us, the Company will need to keep your personal information for a longer period in order to comply with its on-going legal and contractual obligations. Generally, we retain your personal information concerning taxes, contracts of employment and any financial information (including payroll data and data relating to pay, etc.) for 7 years after your employment ends.8. Do we transfer your personal information to third parties?As mentioned above, we usually disclose your data to third parties. This is done to complete the Purposes set out above. We do this in the following circumstances:• To our suppliers. We will, for example, engage a supplier to carry out administrative and operational work in support of our relationship with you. The supplier(s) will be subject to contractual and other legal obligations to preservethe confidentiality of your data and to respect your privacy, and will only have access to the data they need to perform their functions; the relevant suppliers are typically IT suppliers (who host or support our IT systems, including information about you), premises management companies (who look after physical security at our buildings, andtherefore need to know about you to allow access to our buildings) and back office finance and accounting management providers (who need to handle details of candidates in order to process accounts payable and receivable). We also engage suppliers who provide IT technology services and solutions, which might include video interview and skills assessment tools.• To members of the Adecco group of companies in other countries. Different members of the group fulfil different functions and as result your information will be shared with them for different reasons:a.information is shared with members of Adecco that provide IT functions for the Adecco companies world-wide;b.information is also shared with Adecco affiliates worldwide where you have expressed an interest in opportunities in that market, or members of Adecco identify that you may have particular skills required or helpful in that market.A list of the countries in which we operate is available in the ‘choose your country’ function of our website at www.adecco.com• To our clients/prospective employers: we will share your data with clients of ours who are offering jobs/assignments you may be interested in, or who are interested in your profile. They owe contractual and other confidentiality obligations in relation to your data to us, and to you.• We will share your data with government, police, regulators or law enforcement agencies if, at our sole discretion, we consider that we are legally obliged or authorised to do so or it would be prudent to do so.• As part of due diligence relating to (or implementation of) a merger, acquisition or other business transaction, we may need to disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer and their advisers.9. What are your rights?• Right to access and obtain a copy of your personal informationYou are entitled to request confirmation whether we process any of your personal information. Where this is the case, you have the right to access to some of your personal information and to certain information about how it is processed. In some cases, you can ask us to provide you with an electronic copy of your information. In some limited circumstances, you also have the right to request portability of your personal information, which means, we will provide them to a third party upon your request.• Right to correct your personal informationIf personal information we hold about you is not correct, you can request that this information is updated or otherwise corrected.• Right to deleteIn certain circumstances you have the right to request that your personal information is deleted. You can make such a request at any time and Adecco will evaluate if your request should be granted, however this right is subject to anylegal rights or obligations where we need to retain data. For situations where in accordance with the law, we determine that your request to have your personal information deleted must be granted, Adecco will do so without undue delay. Please bear in mind, once your data is deleted – that the Company might not be of service to you anymore once this data about you has been deleted. If you want to re-register with the company again, you will need to re-enter your data.Right to restrictIn certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal information. However, in some instances such restriction of processing may limit the services that you can receive from us.Right to objectAs far as the company’s processing of your data is based on the company’s legitimate interest (and no other processing ground) or relates to direct marketing, you are entitled to object to the Company processing your data by reference to your particular situation.If you want to exercise any of your rights, please log into the self-service Portal or email us at sg.legal@adecco.com When you email us to exercise your rights, the Company will need you to identify yourself before actioning your request.Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in the place where you live or work, or in the place where you think an issue in relation to your data has arisen.10. What about data security when using Adecco Systems?You are responsible for keeping your login details to the Portal safe, in particular the password that we have given you or that you have chosen. These login credentials are for your own use. You are not permitted to share your credentials or other account details with any other person(s).How could you contact us?Data ControllerName: Adecco Consulting LimitedAddress: Central Plaza Chaengwattana (Office Tower) Unit No.2005-8, 20th Floor,99/9 Moo 2 Chaengwattana Road, Bangtalad, Pak kret, Nonthaburi 11120Tel: (66) 02-832-3399, Email: th.legal@adecco.comData Protection Officer: DPOName: Mr. Carlos Estrada, Head of LegalAddress: Adecco Singapore, 1 Scotts Road, #18-08 Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208Email: sg.legal@adecco.com11. How do we handle changes to this Policy?The terms of this Policy may change from time to time. We shall publish any material changes to this Policy through appropriate notices either on this website or contacting you using other communication channels.The Adecco TeamJuly 2019Adecco Service Agreement(Registration with Adecco)1. Adecco may collect, use or disclose the Personal Data which you provide to Adecco for the Purpose described in the Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy, including the provision of Services, storage, analytical or dispute resolution purposes, as well as, to comply with applicable laws, regulations and Adecco’s internal policies. Capitalized terms used in this form and not expressly defined shall have the same meaning as set out in the Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy.2. Adecco may also transfer your Personal Data to Adecco’s employees, officers, directors, clients (and its agents), suppliers (mainly, IT providers and financial and legal advisors), authorities and to other Adecco affiliates, based locally or abroad, in order to reasonably achieve the Purpose. In any case, transfers to third parties will strictly be on a need to know basis, in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations and provided that such third parties have data protection standards comparable to Adecco’s.3. Adecco will securely handle, maintain and store - for a limited period of time - your Personal Data in compliance with Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy and the applicable laws and regulations.4. Adecco relies on your Personal Data to achieve the Purpose; hence, you shall ensure that the Personal Data you provide is accurate, correct and complete. If you wish to correct, update or delete your Personal data, you may contact the Adecco Thailand Data Protection Officer. Adecco will perform immediate termination of service without prior notice if we have found given false information.5. You are entitled to withdraw this consent at any time by giving notice to the Adecco Thailand Data Protection Officer. You acknowledge that such withdrawal shall apply prospectively and only affect Adecco’s future use or disclosure of your Personal Data.6. If you have any queries regarding Adecco’s treatment of your Personal Data, this consent form or any related matter, you may refer to Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy or contact Adecco Thailand Data Protection Officer at: sg.legal@adecco.comI have read and hereby acknowledge the Adecco Service Agreement and Privacy PolicyI hereby confirm that I’m of sufficient legal age or given a consent from my legal representative.submitJob SeekersHomeJob SearchKnowledge CenterCareer @ AdeccoEmployersAbout AdeccoAdecco ServicesE-Salary GuideAdecco OfficesOur Affiliate WebsitesAdeccojapanese.asiaModis ThailandJobshopthai.comSpring Professional ThailandConnect with usTerms of Use Privacy StatementCookies PolicyCandidates’ Security and PhishingSitemapAre you an employer?Copyright © 2021, Adecco Group Thailand All Rights Reserved×Candidate LoginEmail address:Password:Remember meloginCan't access your account? RegisterorLogin with Social MediaSign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in with LineSign in with LinkedIn×Having trouble signing in?I've forgotten my username (Email).I've forgotten my password.I'm not sure whether I've activated my account or not.I'm having other problems signing in.×Interested in this service?Please provide your information. We will return to you shortly.Name-SurnameJob TitlePhone NumberEmailCompany NameOffice AddressMessage to AdeccoSend Information×Adecco Privacy StatementAdecco takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following document to learn more about our Privacy Policy.1. Scope of this DocumentThis document details the personally identifiable information Adecco Consulting Ltd gathers about you online, how we use it and why we need it. This document is also applicable to any personally identifiable information our business partners may share with us.This document does not apply to the practices of companies that Adecco Consulting Ltd does not own or control or to people Adecco Consulting Ltd does not employ or manage.2. Collection and UseAdecco collects personally identifiable information when you register to use our on-line services. The gathering of this information is essential to enable us to provide you with the necessary level of service. It is possible to use our on-line services without registering, however, the functionality and service we provide is greatly reduced due to personally data protection system.When you register with Adecco Consulting Ltd, we may (depending upon which service you register for) ask for one or more of the following fields: your name, email, address, date of birth, gender, education, skills and qualifications, employment history (including remuneration details), references, race, job requirements (including location, salary sought, job industry, job title) plus any other information you may volunteer to us as part of the sign-up process.Adecco Consulting Ltd also gathers your IP address, cookie (if set), the requested page and date/time of any transaction in our web server logs.Adecco uses the information it gathers about you for three purposes:To provide you with the services you requestTo contact you from time to time about special service offeringsTo improve our service levels by monitoring usages and behavioural patterns3. Sharing and DisclosureAdecco Consulting Ltd does not share or rent your personal information with third parties unless:You have specifically consented to allow us to share your personal information with third party organizations.You are seeking employment with a third-party organization through the use of our services and for the purpose of evaluating your suitability the third-party organization requests some or all of the information you have supplied us for this purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, the information we supply to any third-party may only be used for the purpose for which it is supplied.We need to share your information in order to provide a service you have requested.We are required to do so by legal process or in response to a subpoena, court order or other legitimate request by an authority.4. Your Ability to Edit your DataYou have total freedom to login and amend any of your details at any time.Security Adecco Consulting Ltd protects your personal information using a unique password and login-id. It is your responsibility to safeguard your password and login-id. Do not share this information with anyone.Where appropriate we may use industry standard SSL encryption for the protection of data transmission.5. Changes to this PolicyAdecco Consulting Ltd may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make a substantial or material change to the way in which we will use your personal data we will contact you by email and prominently post a web page on the Adecco Consulting Ltd website detailing the changes.6. Further QuestionsShould you have any further questions or suggestions, please do not hesitate to reach us via “Contact Us’ found within the Adecco Thailand website (www.adecco.co.th). Or should you have any queries regarding Adecco’s treatment of your Personal Data, this consent form or any related matter, you may refer to Adecco Asia Data Protection PolicyAdecco Asia Data Protection PolicyWelcome to Adecco. We look forward to working with you to help you to further develop your career. As you’d expect, to properly perform our services, we collect and use information about you.Adecco is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy describes your privacy rights in relation tothe information about you that we process, as well as the steps we take to protect your privacy. We know it’s long, but please read this Policy carefully.Index1 Some terms to be clear about2 What personal information does the Company collect and use?3 Why do we use personal information about you?4 Why and on what basis do we use personal information?5 Do you have to give us the personal information we ask for?6 Do we process information about you without any human intervention at all?7 How long do you keep my personal information for?8 Do we transfer your personal information to third parties?9 What are your rights?10 What about data security when using Adecco Systems?11 How do we handle changes to this Policy?1. Some terms to be clear aboutFirst, we need to be clear about how we use some words in this Policy.It may seem obvious, but in this Policy, you will be referred to as ‘the Candidate’ or ‘You’.When we talk about ‘us’ or the ‘Company’ or ‘Adecco’ we mean the Adecco Group AG’s and the relevant affiliate processing your Personal Information. Through its various companies and business lines Adecco provides several HR (Human Resources) activities like staffing, secondment, payroll services, recruitment & selection, testing solutions, career transition, talent development, training & education, outplacement and international mobility.To carry out the above services the Company uses several IT systems. In some cases, the Company provides a Self-Service Portal (‘Portal’) for its candidates/personnel. The Portal allows you to search and apply for jobs the Company and its sister companies advertise which match your interests, skills and/or experience, in the locations where you have expressed an interest in working.Finally, this is a Policy about information and people. It includes facts about you, but also opinions about you and that you hold (“I’m a football fan” for example). It’s not about information about the Company (although sometimes the two overlap). This type of information is sometimes called ‘Personal information’, ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ or ‘PII’.We use the term ‘personal information’ in this Policy.2. What personal information does the Company collect and use?Personal information that the Company usually collects includes, but is not limited to:Your name, date and place of birth, contact details and qualifications (education, training courses and internships), documents evidencing your identity and right to work and any other information you listed on your resume or CV.If you log on to the Portal using your LinkedIn or any other social media account: your profile data.If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence.Feedback about you from our staff and third parties; where you give feedback on others.Your feedback about us and our services through our satisfaction surveysWe also collect information on your visits to our website/Portal including (but not limited to) your IP address, browser, timestamp, location, country traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access. This information will make your visit to our website/Portal easier in the future. We will, for example, suggest jobs to you which are being handled by branches local to where you were when you contacted us.We also collect information for marketing purposes and analysis, including information on how your respond to email, sms, phone and other marketing campaigns. We will have asked you for your explicit consent before sending marketing communication via these means.Photos and videos of your attendance at a video interview or training or similar sessions (you will be given a chance at the session to ask not to be videoed or photographed).Details of any disabilities and any accommodations we may need to make for you in the workplace.In some cases, we will also collect other sensitive data than only details related to disability, when we are permitted to do so by law.We would like also to inform you that Adecco will perform whatever assessment are necessary as part of the selection process, which may require the data submitted to be processed, and that it will include the results of the assessment in its recruitment database as part of the selection process.You are also informed that, as part of the selection process, the hiring entity may consult details of your public profile on social media (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.), and other public information and records, with the sole purpose of assessing and ascertaining your experience and professional skills, and to know whether your profile is consistent with the Adecco culture and values.3. Why do we use personal information about you?The Company collects and processes personal information for the following purposes (‘Purpose’):• To provide you with the services you expect us to, like finding you suitable jobs/assignments to apply for, helping you with training, or facilitating the process of applying for jobs/assignments. This includes sending your CV to prospective employers for their consideration and keeping you informed of future work opportunities by email, telephone, mail and/ or other communication methods• Direct marketing for example via e-mail, messaging or telephone• To further develop, test and improve our website/Portal, or other existing or new systems/processes to better serve you; this takes place in the context of new IT systems and processes, so that information about you will be used in the testing of those new IT systems and processes where dummy data cannot fully replicate the operation of that new IT system• To perform studies and statistical and analytical research, for example to compare the effectiveness of our placement of candidates between different business sectors and geographies and seek to identify factors that can influence any differences we identify• To transfer data to third parties (see below)• Where necessary, to comply with any legal obligationWe will also process your information to:a. promote the security and protection of people, premises, systems and assets;b. monitor compliance with internal policies and procedures;c. administer communications and other systems used by Adecco (including internal contact databases);d. investigate or respond to incidents and complaints;e. to promote internally that training sessions have taken place and utilise their content (in the case of photos or videos of training sessions), to market similar sessions internally and externally to third parties. In this case we will ask you for a explicit consent; andf. participate in any potential or actual purchase or sale, or joint venture, of all or part of a business or company, that any member of Adecco wishes to participate in.4. Why and on which basis do we use personal information?We are required by law to have a ground set out in the law to process the information we hold about you. The legal grounds can be:• Performing a contract or taking steps prior to entering a contractWhen you are already working with or about to engage through Adecco, our processing of personal information for all these purposes is based on processing grounds like the performance of a contract, or about to enter into a contract. These services can be such as providing you with suitable jobs to apply for or helping and assisting you with training and the application process.• Compliance with legal obligationsSometimes the processing is necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. Public authorities, such as tax, finance or data protection authorities may request personal information from us and provide us with a statutory reason to disclose information about you (e.g. the prevention or detection of a crime). In these circumstances, we are forced by law to provide the authorities with your data.• Fulfilment of our legitimate interestThe processing is necessary in the legitimate interests of Adecco in exercising its and its staff fundamental rights to run a business in a way which does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. This means that when processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Adecco, we balance your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms against our legitimate interest in processing. This ensures that we are not processing data in a manner that your interest and fundamental rights override our interest in such processing.We shall only process your personal information other than on these grounds with your consent, which is a further processing ground.5. Do you have to give us the personal information we ask for?You are not obliged to provide your personal information to us, but it would not be possible for us to work with you, or provide our services to you, if you do not provide us with a required minimum. It may also limit the services that you can receive from us if you in some instances choose to provide us with limited personal information.6. Do we process information about you without any human intervention at all?Yes, we do at times. The Company uses automated systems/processes and automated decision-making (like profiling) to provide you, and our clients, with the services you request from us. For example, when our clients are looking for candidates for jobs, we can conduct a search of our lists of candidates using automated criteria which takes into account your availability, skillset, pay rate and in some circumstances previous feedback we have received from clients to compile a shortlist which ranks which candidates are most likely to fulfil the client’s requirement. This means that sometimes your position in the rank may be higher than others, depending on how these factors match the clients’ needs.7. How long do you keep my personal information for?The Company can keep your personal information for up to 7 years after you register with us. If you are successful in find- ing work through us, the Company will need to keep your personal information for a longer period in order to comply with its on-going legal and contractual obligations. Generally, we retain your personal information concerning taxes, contracts of employment and any financial information (including payroll data and data relating to pay, etc.) for 7 years after your employment ends.8. Do we transfer your personal information to third parties?As mentioned above, we usually disclose your data to third parties. This is done to complete the Purposes set out above. We do this in the following circumstances:• To our suppliers. We will, for example, engage a supplier to carry out administrative and operational work in support of our relationship with you. The supplier(s) will be subject to contractual and other legal obligations to preservethe confidentiality of your data and to respect your privacy, and will only have access to the data they need to perform their functions; the relevant suppliers are typically IT suppliers (who host or support our IT systems, including information about you), premises management companies (who look after physical security at our buildings, andtherefore need to know about you to allow access to our buildings) and back office finance and accounting management providers (who need to handle details of candidates in order to process accounts payable and receivable). We also engage suppliers who provide IT technology services and solutions, which might include video interview and skills assessment tools.• To members of the Adecco group of companies in other countries. Different members of the group fulfil different functions and as result your information will be shared with them for different reasons:a.information is shared with members of Adecco that provide IT functions for the Adecco companies world-wide;b.information is also shared with Adecco affiliates worldwide where you have expressed an interest in opportunities in that market, or members of Adecco identify that you may have particular skills required or helpful in that market.A list of the countries in which we operate is available in the ‘choose your country’ function of our website at www.adecco.com• To our clients/prospective employers: we will share your data with clients of ours who are offering jobs/assignments you may be interested in, or who are interested in your profile. They owe contractual and other confidentiality obligations in relation to your data to us, and to you.• We will share your data with government, police, regulators or law enforcement agencies if, at our sole discretion, we consider that we are legally obliged or authorised to do so or it would be prudent to do so.• As part of due diligence relating to (or implementation of) a merger, acquisition or other business transaction, we may need to disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer and their advisers.9. What are your rights?• Right to access and obtain a copy of your personal informationYou are entitled to request confirmation whether we process any of your personal information. Where this is the case, you have the right to access to some of your personal information and to certain information about how it is processed. In some cases, you can ask us to provide you with an electronic copy of your information. In some limited circumstances, you also have the right to request portability of your personal information, which means, we will provide them to a third party upon your request.• Right to correct your personal informationIf personal information we hold about you is not correct, you can request that this information is updated or otherwise corrected.• Right to deleteIn certain circumstances you have the right to request that your personal information is deleted. You can make such a request at any time and Adecco will evaluate if your request should be granted, however this right is subject to anylegal rights or obligations where we need to retain data. For situations where in accordance with the law, we determine that your request to have your personal information deleted must be granted, Adecco will do so without undue delay. Please bear in mind, once your data is deleted – that the Company might not be of service to you anymore once this data about you has been deleted. If you want to re-register with the company again, you will need to re-enter your data.Right to restrictIn certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal information. However, in some instances such restriction of processing may limit the services that you can receive from us.Right to objectAs far as the company’s processing of your data is based on the company’s legitimate interest (and no other processing ground) or relates to direct marketing, you are entitled to object to the Company processing your data by reference to your particular situation.If you want to exercise any of your rights, please log into the self-service Portal or email us at sg.legal@adecco.com When you email us to exercise your rights, the Company will need you to identify yourself before actioning your request.Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in the place where you live or work, or in the place where you think an issue in relation to your data has arisen.10. What about data security when using Adecco Systems?You are responsible for keeping your login details to the Portal safe, in particular the password that we have given you or that you have chosen. These login credentials are for your own use. You are not permitted to share your credentials or other account details with any other person(s).How could you contact us?Data ControllerName: Adecco Consulting LimitedAddress: Central Plaza Chaengwattana (Office Tower) Unit No.2005-8, 20th Floor,99/9 Moo 2 Chaengwattana Road, Bangtalad, Pak kret, Nonthaburi 11120Tel: (66) 02-832-3399, Email: th.legal@adecco.comData Protection Officer: DPOName: Mr. Carlos Estrada, Head of LegalAddress: Adecco Singapore, 1 Scotts Road, #18-08 Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208Email: sg.legal@adecco.com11. How do we handle changes to this Policy?The terms of this Policy may change from time to time. We shall publish any material changes to this Policy through appropriate notices either on this website or contacting you using other communication channels.The Adecco TeamJuly 2019Adecco Service Agreement(Registration with Adecco)1. Adecco may collect, use or disclose the Personal Data which you provide to Adecco for the Purpose described in the Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy, including the provision of Services, storage, analytical or dispute resolution purposes, as well as, to comply with applicable laws, regulations and Adecco’s internal policies. Capitalized terms used in this form and not expressly defined shall have the same meaning as set out in the Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy.2. Adecco may also transfer your Personal Data to Adecco’s employees, officers, directors, clients (and its agents), suppliers (mainly, IT providers and financial and legal advisors), authorities and to other Adecco affiliates, based locally or abroad, in order to reasonably achieve the Purpose. In any case, transfers to third parties will strictly be on a need to know basis, in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations and provided that such third parties have data protection standards comparable to Adecco’s.3. Adecco will securely handle, maintain and store - for a limited period of time - your Personal Data in compliance with Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy and the applicable laws and regulations.4. Adecco relies on your Personal Data to achieve the Purpose; hence, you shall ensure that the Personal Data you provide is accurate, correct and complete. If you wish to correct, update or delete your Personal data, you may contact the Adecco Thailand Data Protection Officer. Adecco will perform immediate termination of service without prior notice if we have found given false information.5. You are entitled to withdraw this consent at any time by giving notice to the Adecco Thailand Data Protection Officer. You acknowledge that such withdrawal shall apply prospectively and only affect Adecco’s future use or disclosure of your Personal Data.6. If you have any queries regarding Adecco’s treatment of your Personal Data, this consent form or any related matter, you may refer to Adecco Asia Data Protection Policy or contact Adecco Thailand Data Protection Officer at: sg.legal@adecco.comI have read and hereby acknowledge the Adecco Service Agreement and Privacy PolicyI hereby confirm that I’m of sufficient legal age or given a consent from my legal representative.Cookies Policy.This website uses cookies for audience measurements, advertising purposes, and to contribute to contact profiles. You can learn more about our use of cookies and how to configure your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking on our Cookies Policy. By navigating this website, you agree to our use of cookies.Decline AcceptConfigure your cookies policy"
