"Red-Hot | Pearltrees Red-Hot | PearltreeslabelPearltreesRed-Hot> JobernsteinYoutube. Könnten Avocados sprechen, würden sie von Morden durch Kartelle, miserablen Arbeitsbedingungen, Hungerlöhnen, ökologischem Desastern berichten! Innerhalb von neun Jahren hat sich der Importwert von Avocados mehr als vervierfacht, obwohl bekannt ist, dass Avocados viel Wasser benötigen, bevor sie in den Regalen angeboten werden.Und gerade dort, wo es sowieso Probleme mit dem Wasser gibt, genau dort werden Avocados angebaut. Und weil die Avocados boomen, werden seit einigen Monaten in Mexiko, gibt es Tote, Enthauptete, zerstückelte Leichen , die auf Alleen geworfen wurden oder an Brücken aufgehängt gefunden wurden. In dieser reichen Region im Zentrum des Landes, in der etwa 50% der weltweiten Avocados angebaut werden, findet ein Kampf zwischen den Bauern, Umweltschützer und dem mächtigen Jalisco Nueva Generación Cartel (CJNG) statt. Auch Mexiko gehört zu den größten Avocado-Produzenten der Welt, diesen Boom wollen sich die Kartelle nicht entgehen lassen und jagen die Bauern von ihrem Land oder bringen sie einfach um.Nicht anders in Chile oder Peru. Landwirtschaft geht auch anders, ohne GVO und Pestizide! Another world is plantable - without GMOs and pesticides! Fruchtbare Ackerflächen und Wasser sind rare und begehrte Ressourcen, die weltweit immer knapper werden.Rasen ist heute ein fester Bestandteil und perfekt soll er ebenfalls sein. In Deutschland wächst auf etwa 1,8 Millionen Hektar Rasen, der in wertvolle Ackerflächen umgewandelt werden könnte. Denn Gras kann man nicht essen, und so gibt es weltweit Menschen, die eine Alternative zu Rasen für sich entdeckt haben. Hätten Sie vor ein paar Jahren noch geglaubt, dass solche Konzerne wie die großen Lebensmittelkonzerne NESTLÉ, COCA-COLA und KRAFT HEINZ in die Krise geraten könnten?„Mord auf Raten“ – Die schrecklichen Folgen durch Pestizide – Missbildungen, Hirntumore, Leukämiefälle… Pesticides in our food-The toxic truth about pesticides! Der helle Wahnsinn!Zur Katalonienfrage. Half a century of dither and denial – a climate crisis timeline. Annual meeting of the intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage in Bogota. The annual meeting of the Intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage will be held from 9 to 14 December in Bogota (Colombia), chaired by María Claudia López Sorzano, Secretary for Culture, Leisure and Sport of the City of Bogota.UNESCO Director-General Audrey Azoulay will be present at the opening. The Committee, composed of representatives of 24 States Parties to the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage (2003), meets once a year. It monitors the implementation of this international legal instrument, which has been ratified by 178 States. The Committee meeting will also be an opportunity to celebrate the International Year of Indigenous Languages 2019, proclaimed by the United Nations. USAID, Monsanto & Delhi Air Pollution.Delhi’s air pollution problem started right after the controversial USAID and Monsanto backed law was implemented.Before this law was passed, the problem in Delhi was limited to vehicular and industrial pollution and there were no reports of the entire metropolitan area being enveloped by smoke. Over a period of several years, it has used the fraudulent excuse of preventing the decline of groundwater to push their agenda. The Delhi metropolitan area has one of the highest concentrations of population in the world, and suffocating the people of the area on an annual basis should be treated as a crime against humanity, especially when the cause for such suffocation can be controlled.One Law to Protect the Earth - Ecocide Law. Neoliberale Handelspolitik killt das Klima. Ein Kartell des Schweigens - Die Pharma-Mafia! This Indigenous Teenager Is Fighting To Save The Amazon From Brazil’s Bolsonaro. NEW YORK ― Last month, as a record outbreak of fires in the Amazon threatened to push the vulnerable rainforest closer to destruction, 19-year-old Artemisa Xakriabá begged the world to realize what the rapid obliteration of Brazil’s environment means for indigenous people like her.The NED Strikes Again: Neocon Money is Funding the Hong Kong Protests. It’s been a summer of unrest in Hong Kong, and the Western mainstream press has been in uproar providing non-stop coverage of what they’ve described as a “pro-democracy movement fighting for freedom” against the repressive Chinese government.Since March, thousands of protesters have taken to the streets each week, clashing with police and security forces, escalating into a fight over who should control Hong Kong’s future. The protests erupted over a proposed amendment to an extradition treaty between Hong Kong, Macau, China and Taiwan. Hong Kongers feared that the new treaty would allow the Chinese government to arrest and imprison dissidents or whomever from Hong Kong the government deems a threat, effectively ending freedom of expression. Hong Kong has been a haven for many anti-Beijing dissidents and political figures and many felt the proposed law would dilute the island city’s already limited independence. Verdir le désert - (VPRO Backlight Documentaire - 2011) KDnuggets™ News 15:n37, Nov 11: 5 Best Machine Learning APIs; Beginners Guide: Apache Spark Machine Learning.5 Best Machine Learning APIs for Data Science; Beginners Guide: Apache Spark Machine Learning with Large Data; Poll: Ethics should be a part of Data Science Training; Cartoon: It all started with the iPhone answering my email.Features | Software | Tutorials | Opinions | News | Webcasts | Courses | Meetings | Jobs | Academic | Publications | Tweets | QuoteFeaturesSoftwareTutorials, Overviews, How-TosOpinionsNewsWebcasts and WebinarsLavastorm Webinar: Self-Service Advanced Analytics, Nov 19CoursesMeetingsJobsAcademicPublicationsTop TweetsTop KDnuggets tweets, Nov 3-9: 500 Deep Learning Papers, Graphviz and Python; Facebook App can answer questions on content of photos Quote Nov 11, observed as Veterans Day, Armistice Day, or Remembrance Day, celebrated to mark the anniversary of the end of World War I; major hostilities of World War I were formally ended at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918.Most viewed last 30 days Most shared last 30 days. Open Building Institute: Eco-Building Toolkit by Marcin Jakubowski. News on 7/12: We have just added the aquaponic greenhouse build for you at other locations as a reward.See the largest rewards, and if you want to participate in our November build, see intro video below -> We’re developing an open source eco-building toolkit to make the construction of ecological housing easier, cheaper, faster—and put it within the reach of everyone. Vermögen: Gebt 10.000 Euro jedem Bürger! - manager magazin. Video Emerges of Assange in Belmarsh: Watch the Webcast. Ford Fischer Caught Up in YouTube's Attempt to Purge Hate Speech. (CD) — Free speech advocates who warned of the predictable consequences of allowing powerful tech companies to police online discourse seized on YouTube’s attempt Wednesday to purge hate speech from their video platform after creators performing public service journalism and education were swept up in the effort.Wednesday’s purge came after days of sustained criticism over YouTube’s handling of bigoted content produced by fringe alt-right commentator Steven Crowder that targeted Vox media personality Carlos Maza. After nearly a week of online outrage, YouTube demonetized Crowder’s channel and then launched a site-wide cleanup of what the company defined as hate speech and targeted harassment. But the purge also caught journalists and historians up in its wake as the tech giant’s heavy-handed response to Crowder’s harassment didn’t allow for context in most of the content. YouTube Just Fired the First Shot in a New War on Journalism. (TMU) — Wednesday morning, news began circulating warning that YouTube was about to delete thousands of accounts in the platform’s latest wave of censorship. This time, the massive video sharing platform claimed to be targeting hateful content, “supremacists,” conspiracy theorists and anything that promotes discrimination or segregation based on sexual orientation, religion, race, gender, age and more.Upon hearing the news, regular consumers of independent media knew exactly what to expect: Censorship. Corporate platforms use these vague terms that sound nice in theory to cast a wide net that also de-platforms independent, anti-war, and rational voices. Whether this is done on purpose or is a consequence of using artificial intelligence and algorithms to monitor content remains to be seen. Sex, Lies & Julian Assange. GILETS JAUNES : LES BLESSÉS QUI DÉRANGENT (Le Vent se Lève)The Strange Case of Chrystia Freeland and the Failure of the ‘Super Elite’ — Strategic Culture. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland has become a bit of a living parody of everything wrong with the detached technocratic neo-liberal order which has driven the world through 50 years of post-industrial decay. Now, two years into the Trump presidency, and five years into the growth of a new system shaped by the Russia-China alliance, the world has become a very different place from the one which Freeland and her controllers wish it to be.Having been set up as a counterpart to the steely Hillary Clinton who was supposed to win the 2016 election, Freeland and her ilk have demonstrated their outdated thinking in everything they have set out to achieve since the 2014 coup in Ukraine. Software-Rebellen: Die Macht des Teilens. NOUS NE SOMMES PAS DUPES – Collectif Yellow Submarine. Better Than A VPN? Introducing a new technology to become Anonymous. Are Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) as anonymous, private, and secure as they are broadcasted to be? From an anonymity and privacy standpoint, how could an outside entity, such as the government, identify a specific VPN user? If the government sent out a subpoena to the VPN providers to obtain the crypto-keys to decrypt Internet traffic or request logs to view user activity, would the VPN providers dispense that information?SpiegelMining – Reverse Engineering von Spiegel-Online (33c3) RiffReporter: Klimaschutz homemade. The Great Man-Made River of Libya. One of the biggest civilian development project that Libya’s ex-president Muammar Gaddafi undertook during his forty-two-year rule was the Great Man-Made River. Gaddafi’s dream was to provide fresh water for everyone, and to turn the desert green, making Libya self-sufficient in food production. To make this dream a reality, Gaddafi commissioned a massive engineering project consisting of a network of underground pipes that would bring fresh water from ancient underground aquifers deep in the Sahara to the drought suffering Libyan cities.Gaddafi called it the “Eighth Wonder of the World”. The western media rarely mentioned it, and whenever it did, it was dismissed as a “vanity project” calling it \"Gaddafi's Pet Project\" and “the pipe dream of a mad dog”. But truth is, the Great Man-Made River Project is a fantastic water delivery system that has changed lives of Libyans all across the country.Photo credit. Nikola Tesla’s 5 Lost Inventions That Threatened The Global Elite. Most great inventions fundamentally change the society in which they exist. Since the people at the top of the social structure have more to gain by reinforcing the status quo, they suppress revolutionary technologies favorable to the world but dangerous to their existence. Engineering genius Nikola Tesla was no exception. Here’re some of those technologies, ‘they’ don’t want you to know about Nikola Tesla: Death Ray Nikola Tesla claimed to have invented a “death beam” which he called Teleforce in the 1930s. Tesla’s Oscillator. Causa Skripal: Strafanzeige wegen Volksverhetzung gegen Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel eingereicht. Das Agieren der Bundesregierung im Skripal-Fall hat ein juristisches Nachspiel. Ein Rechtsanwalt hat beim Generalbundesanwalt Strafanzeige wegen Volksverhetzung gegen Angela Merkel und Außenminister Heiko Maas gestellt. Warning: Syrian War May Produce WW III.Noyb.eu – My Privacy is none of your Buisness. The Day of the Generals: Winning Armageddon. In a room, somewhere deep inside the Pentagon generals and admirals met recently in order to prepare an assessment for the United States Senate Armed Services Committee. Present at the metering were General Mark Milley, the U.S. Army’s Chief of Staff, the Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson, the Commandant of the Marine Corps General Robert Neller, and U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff General David L. India permits free energy technology despite threat from UK, US, Saudi Arabia. Posted Categories: Energy The November 2013 issue of The Atlantic magazine features an article on The 50 Greatest Breakthroughs Since the Wheel. The RLG is more than just a product or a technical innovation. It is a fundamental change in the way that energy can be generated.Battlefield Casualties and Ballot Box Defeat: Did the Bush-Obama Wars Cost Clinton the White House? by Douglas L. Kriner, Francis X. Shen. Abstract America has been at war continuously for over 15 years, but few Americans seem to notice. This is because the vast majority of citizens have no direct connection to those soldiers fighting, dying, and returning wounded from combat. Increasingly, a divide is emerging between communities whose young people are dying to defend the country, and those communities whose young people are not. Prof Mausfeld Manipulation des Volkes durch den Staat erkennen. Public Banks Are Essential to Capitalism - Room for Debate.To ask whether public banks would interfere with free markets assumes that we have free markets, which we don’t. Banking is heavily subsidized and is monopolized by Wall Street, which has effectively “bought” Congress. Zero Interest Rates in EU: The Myth of the Poor German Saver. We must rethink globalization, or Trumpism will prevail. Vortrag von Prof. Dr. Heinz Josef Bontrup, Finanzkrise - Auswege und Alternativen.Prof. Dr. Bontrup spricht Klartext im Bundestag. Seniorenaufstand. Broad-Based Ownership Models as Tools for Job Creation and Community Development. Mosul and Aleppo: A tale of two besieged cities. Professor who’s predicted 30 years of presidential elections correctly is doubling down on a Trump win. Meet The Most Powerful Court You've Never Heard Of - BuzzFeed News. Physicists Are Close to Producing Metallic Hydrogen, And It Could Change Everything. WP 48 Ferguson et al. TTIP-Verhandlungen übertreffen die dunklen Ahnungen. KenFM im Gespräch mit: Prof. Rainer Mausfeld. Gabriele Krone-Schmalz - Das darf nicht sein - NDR / ZAPP 16.04.2014.One Community - One Community is a nonprofit and for The Highest Good of All organization creating open source and free-shared blueprints for a global cooperative of sustainable communities, villages, and cities. NATO: Who’s the Aggressor? (I) Leaked Document Reveals Alarming New Environmental Threats of TTIP - EcoWatch.What Drives The West’s Self-Destructive Belligerence? The “Reconstruction and Enlargement” of Europe. The basic ingredients for life have been found in a comet's atmosphere. Wolfgang Berger: Wie sich der Finanzsektor die Welt unterwirft. Die Konzernschutzabkommen CETA, TTIP und TISA - Wolfgang Berger. Crime, terrorism and tax evasion: why banks are waging war on cash. Produktion ǀ In 100 Jahren wird man sich wundern. The Debt We Shouldn’t Pay by Robert Kuttner. Der große Umbau: Wie ein katastrophaler Klimawandel noch verhindert werden kann. Terrorism has come about in assimilationist France and also in multicultural Britain. Why is that? Study: Australians can be sustainable without sacrificing lifestyle or economy. UK Gov't Ignored Own 'Don't Do It' Risk Assessment on TTIP Courts. Professor Jarass: \"Absoluter Skandal\" „Welchen Stromnetzausbau erfordert die Energiewende?“ - Vortrag von Prof. Dr. Lorenz Jarass.Mehr Macht für die Mächtigen - Die große Stromlüge (ARTE Doku HD) Interview mit Wilhelm Heitmeyer: \"Der Erfolg der AfD wundert mich nicht\" Econ stat. What can be done better. Project Europe.UkraineStuttgart 21. Fukushima and nuclear power. Banksters's Finest. 3D-Printing. TTIP: what does the transatlantic trade deal mean for renewable energy? TTIP: EU negotiators appear to break environmental pledge in leaked draft. Regime Change in der Ukraine? The end of capitalism has begun. How Tesla Will Change The World. Fracking poses 'significant' risk to humans and should be temporarily banned across EU, says new report - Environment. Paper-thin printed solar cells could provide power for 1.3 billion people. Oubliez Airbnb : l’économie du partage va s’étendre bien au-delà - L'Obs. Complete Overview of the One Community Site. What the 1% Don't Want You to Know. Why We’re in a New Gilded Age by Paul Krugman.In Economics and as CEOs. Monsanto Hides Toxicity RoundUp Results, Calls them Secret. Interne Kommunikation: Wie der BND die “Weitergabe von Rohdaten in großem Umfang” an die NSA verheimlicht. Internationale Politik und Gesellschaft - IPG. The Real Story Behind the Oil Price Collapse » Page 2 of 2. Death toll among Qatar’s 2022 World Cup workers revealed. Hermann Ploppa: Transatlantische Netzwerke, Denkfabriken und Eliteclubs. Why Elizabeth Warren is declaring war on an obscure trade policy.Der Autobahnraub von Allianz und Co. ist Teil einer europaweiten Ausplünderungsstrategie. Greece deal is first step on the road back to austerity. Wer gewinnt, wenn der Euro zum Nord-Euro mutiert? – Berlin.Related: Inspirations - 2018 - US of A Government at Work - Verdir le désert - (VPRO Backlight Documentaire - 2011) - One Community - One Community is a nonprofit and for The Highest Good of All organization creating open source and free-shared blueprints for a global cooperative of sustainable communities, villages, and cities. - The end of capitalism has begun - Oubliez Airbnb : l’économie du partage va s’étendre bien au-delà - L'Obs - red_rabbit - Hot start-ups - HOT - red meat - Red Pepper Recipes - Aprender en red - On and About the Red Planet - Red Bull University -->> Red Bull Basement University - Real Macbeth / Red King - Red Lake Senior High (2005) - Pink-rainbow-red velvet - Education - Enterpriseto experience pearltrees activate javascript."
