"German Market « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (822,720)Econometrics Discussion (51,571)Research / Journals (182,339)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,674)From the blogs (45,136)Conferences (22,129)Questions from prospective grad students (115,880)Econ Lounge (163,922)Latest Research Discussion (23,949)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (36,951)Software and Programming for Research (13,838)Macroeconomics (18,798)Microeconomics (9,118)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (317,281)General Economics Job Market Discussion (633,345)Micro Job Rumors (13,397)Macro Job Rumors (8,469)European Job Market (81,969)China Job Market (56,085)Industry Rumors (21,962)Off TopicOff Topic (2,128,419)Sport (81,557)Technology (51,357)Trash (47,048)Job MarketJob Market WikiCEMFIEinaudi Institute for Economics and FinanceRotmanClarksonJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesHealth EconomicsGlobal Finance JournalIndustrial and Labor Relations ReviewEconomics BulletinJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..10 years - 41574 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 66334 Goods vs 49899 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Job Market » European Job MarketGerman MarketEconomistfa28What do people mean by decent publications? I agree that the top 5 obsession here is ludicrous. But could we at least agree that W3 professors should at least once in a while be able to publish in the top field journals of their fields and/or AEJs, QE/TE, Restat, IER, JEEA, EJ? The JEDC is a decent publication but should not per se lead to a W3 professorship. Could that be a consensus?1 month ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistd17eWhat do people mean by decent publications? I agree that the top 5 obsession here is ludicrous. But could we at least agree that W3 professors should at least once in a while be able to publish in the top field journals of their fields and/or AEJs, QE/TE, Restat, IER, JEEA, EJ? The JEDC is a decent publication but should not per se lead to a W3 professorship. Could that be a consensus?yes, maybe. Top field, or regular publications in good journals. We all have a sense of what Econ journals are \"good\", don't we (like with the quote on recognizing pornography when we see it)? Does it have to be some hard and fast rule? At my place, a JProf applied for W2 with dozens of decent publications and then some JProfs with one A (written with some big name) and next to nothing applied. Who is really better? We can read people's papers, look at the whole package and I'm sure there would be some consensus at what point you aren't a deadwood... It all starts to become silly once you say: \"has to have at least X\"1 month ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistd17eWhat do people mean by decent publications? I agree that the top 5 obsession here is ludicrous. But could we at least agree that W3 professors should at least once in a while be able to publish in the top field journals of their fields and/or AEJs, QE/TE, Restat, IER, JEEA, EJ? The JEDC is a decent publication but should not per se lead to a W3 professorship. Could that be a consensus?And don't forget the system goes: three people get on a list. Have a look at recent W3 in Chemnitz Micro. Do you think the guy was no. 1? Pretty sure that better people did not take the offer, and all of the sudden you have some ... well, not top five/field being appointed. It's what it is with the Berufungen taking years.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist24e2What do people mean by decent publications? I agree that the top 5 obsession here is ludicrous. But could we at least agree that W3 professors should at least once in a while be able to publish in the top field journals of their fields and/or AEJs, QE/TE, Restat, IER, JEEA, EJ? The JEDC is a decent publication but should not per se lead to a W3 professorship. Could that be a consensus?And don't forget the system goes: three people get on a list. Have a look at recent W3 in Chemnitz Micro. Do you think the guy was no. 1? Pretty sure that better people did not take the offer, and all of the sudden you have some ... well, not top five/field being appointed. It's what it is with the Berufungen taking years.This is simply a broken system.1 month ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist706eBtw, what happend to w3 international macro in Bayreuth? There is no official confirmation yet that someone is coming?1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist8d78Btw, what happend to w3 international macro in Bayreuth? There is no official confirmation yet that someone is coming?Come on, you know the default answer to that one. Mueller is going....eventually.1 month ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistb2a3I know a couple of people who applied to Chemnitz Micro with a much better portfolio (research, teaching, overall experience) and were not even invited. I am not talking big shots who will not move, but PostDocs on fixed term contracts. Really hard to explain the Chemnitz hire by anything other than nepotism.What do people mean by decent publications? I agree that the top 5 obsession here is ludicrous. But could we at least agree that W3 professors should at least once in a while be able to publish in the top field journals of their fields and/or AEJs, QE/TE, Restat, IER, JEEA, EJ? The JEDC is a decent publication but should not per se lead to a W3 professorship. Could that be a consensus?And don't forget the system goes: three people get on a list. Have a look at recent W3 in Chemnitz Micro. Do you think the guy was no. 1? Pretty sure that better people did not take the offer, and all of the sudden you have some ... well, not top five/field being appointed. It's what it is with the Berufungen taking years.1 month ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist9594I know a couple of people who applied to Chemnitz Micro with a much better portfolio (research, teaching, overall experience) and were not even invited. I am not talking big shots who will not move, but PostDocs on fixed term contracts. Really hard to explain the Chemnitz hire by anything other than nepotism.What do people mean by decent publications? I agree that the top 5 obsession here is ludicrous. But could we at least agree that W3 professors should at least once in a while be able to publish in the top field journals of their fields and/or AEJs, QE/TE, Restat, IER, JEEA, EJ? The JEDC is a decent publication but should not per se lead to a W3 professorship. Could that be a consensus?And don't forget the system goes: three people get on a list. Have a look at recent W3 in Chemnitz Micro. Do you think the guy was no. 1? Pretty sure that better people did not take the offer, and all of the sudden you have some ... well, not top five/field being appointed. It's what it is with the Berufungen taking years.They invited from mainstream to the opposite, very weird set of people, some with very good publications and CVs. But who would want to go to Chemnitz if they already had a professorship? Hearings were some months after the time the Nazis really made Chemnitz famous in 20181 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist881dRudi Bachmann@BachmannRudi·22 Std.Habe gerade meine Absage auf die \"Professorship (W3) in Economics, especially Macroeconomics\" in Frankfurt bekommen.Stirnrunzelndes GesichtNo rumor, but reality. But why he even bothers to apply a second time at a place that he left after a few months is beyond me. It is obvious that no German uni would take you a second time.1 month ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 3 No Jab !Economist96e9Applying where you left a similar position.Not worth the time.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 2 No Jab !Economistffc5Btw, what happend to w3 international macro in Bayreuth? There is no official confirmation yet that someone is coming?Btw, what happend to w3 international macro in Bayreuth? There is no official confirmation yet that someone is coming?Come on, you know the default answer to that one. Mueller is going....eventually.Mueller is not going to Bayreuth.1 month ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7fb3Spent a few weeks back in the homeland now, amazed how the Öffentlich-rechtlicher Rundfunk became a propaganda machine of the radical left...1 month ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 5 No Jab !Economist4b63Jo. Welcome back.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 2 No Jab !Economistea5cAny other Rudi news?1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist8d78Btw, what happend to w3 international macro in Bayreuth? There is no official confirmation yet that someone is coming?Come on, you know the default answer to that one. Mueller is going....eventually.Mueller is not going to Bayreuth.If not Mueller it must be Rudi. You read it here first.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistfa28You have it all wrong. They are going after Rudi Mueller in Bayreuth.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist8d78You have it all wrong. They are going after Rudi Mueller in Bayreuth.Best of both worlds.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5b41Any department with Mueller and Rudi would be harrible, just harrible.1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistcb6dAnybody fancy living in Schimanski-Town?https://inomics.com/job/full-professor-in-macroeconomics-15024571 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista0b3Looking for the new PA? Those are some remarkable footsteps... Sorry rudi1 month ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !« Previous1…2,0472,0482,049…2,079Next »Reply »Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
