"Quality jobs | HireLatinos.orgJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingModal titleCloseFind Jobs3 Quality jobsFMS Analyst (#1565978)PeopleTec, Inc. Huntsville, AL, USA 35805PeopleTec is currently seeking a FMS Analyst to support our Huntsville, AL location. The contractor will support the Greece CH-47 program consisting of 30 helicopters. Contractor will assist in the development of the current FMS program and case support. Duties Include: Assist in the development of the of FMS cases Process letters of request Coordinate case modifications Assist in preparing case amendments and modifications Coordinate with other commands supporting this program including: PEO STRI, USASAC NC, CECOM, TACOM and AMCOM Input data into DSAMS Assist in preparing updates for COP/CEA 7 reports Assist in planning, executing and taking minutes at Program Management Reviews and other meetings Required Skills/Experience: DSAMS experience Experience with Microsoft Office Professional Word, Excel, Power point Must be a good communicator Have good written and verbal skills Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor of Science and 4+ years of experience OR 6+ years of experience may substitute for degree Desired Skills : Knowledge of and Experience with Foreign Military Sales cases People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/peopletec/jobs/1565978-421753Oct 28, 2020Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a FMS Analyst to support our Huntsville, AL location. The contractor will support the Greece CH-47 program consisting of 30 helicopters. Contractor will assist in the development of the current FMS program and case support. Duties Include: Assist in the development of the of FMS cases Process letters of request Coordinate case modifications Assist in preparing case amendments and modifications Coordinate with other commands supporting this program including: PEO STRI, USASAC NC, CECOM, TACOM and AMCOM Input data into DSAMS Assist in preparing updates for COP/CEA 7 reports Assist in planning, executing and taking minutes at Program Management Reviews and other meetings Required Skills/Experience: DSAMS experience Experience with Microsoft Office Professional Word, Excel, Power point Must be a good communicator Have good written and verbal skills Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor of Science and 4+ years of experience OR 6+ years of experience may substitute for degree Desired Skills : Knowledge of and Experience with Foreign Military Sales cases People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/peopletec/jobs/1565978-421753Quality EngineerCentury, Inc. Traverse City, Michigan, United StatesJob Title: Quality Engineer Reports to: Quality Manager Position type/ expected hours: Full-time Summary/Objective This position creates and implements strategies for quality control and assurance of industrial processes, materials, and products to optimize product quality through the following: Essential Duties and Responsibilities 1. Develop and initiate standards and methods for inspection, testing, and evaluation that assures the design criteria. This could be in the form of a work instruction. 2. Plan and conduct the analysis, inspection, design, test, and/or integration to assure the quality of the assigned product or component through creation of control and/or inspection plans. 3. Review and Train the Century team members to the developed inspection plans and methodology. 4. Establish methods to evaluate the precision and accuracy of production equipment and measurement techniques. i.e. Capability studies, MSA 5. Perform quality engineering reviews of Customer design documentation and support compliance requirements. 6. Apply statistical process control (SPC) methods for analyzing data to evaluate the current process and process changes. 7. Investigate, document, and respond to all Customer Complaints through root cause investigation and corrective action. 8. Lead the Review and Disposition of non-conforming material as a Material Review Board member for your responsible product lines. 9. Manage and oversee source inspection activities 10. Document data obtained during all quality activities consistent with company policies and procedures. 11. Develop approaches to solve problems identified during quality activities. 12. Formally Communicate significant issues or developments identified during quality activities and provide recommended process solutions 13. Prepare written technical reports to communicate involvement and results of quality or project activities. 14. Direct technical and administrative workers engaged in quality activities. 15. Prepare, supervise and report suitable and effectual metrics on assigned processes. 16. Provide input on decision to accept new product into the facility and engineering changes. 17. Maintain a working knowledge of government and industry quality codes and standards. Position Requirements 1. Solid and effective interpersonal skills and refined communication and listening skills working with internal and external customers. 2. Attention to Detail 3. Multi-task: The skill to prioritize and complete multiple responsibilities 4. Problem Solve: The skill to analyze data and strategically apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a varying range of intellectual and practical problems 5. Ability to effectively use data analysis tools (pareto, cause-and-effect, control charts, correlation, box plots, stratification, root cause analysis, process maps) 6. Capability to read, analyze, and interpret complex documents and provide feedback on what is required to meet the requirements of this documentation. 7. Ability to provide sound judgement and make decisions on data gathered to continually optimize product quality and production and management processes. 8. Willingness to learn different methods and systems and encourage and teach team members realized and applied skills. 9. Capability to work within a team and recognize when a teammate might need for you to shoulder more responsibility 10. Support team objectives and targets that support company goals and objectives. 11. Meet or exceed requirements for cost targets within functional areas. 12. Comply with the Quality Management System, Safety Practices, and Management Operating System documents relative to your department. 13. Oversee and comply with company rules and practices in compliance with the Employee Handbook. 14. Support and participate in Lean Manufacturing initiatives throughout the organization including but not limited to kaizen, OEE, Kanban, 6 Sigma, etc. 15. Comply with 5S housekeeping practices and maintain a clean, organized work environment. 16. Project Management experience desired. 17. Proficient with computers and production management software. 18. Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Apply Here: https://www.click2apply.net/6eWz7YSr7zgBix2OCrRKp PI125365119Oct 28, 2020Full timeJob Title: Quality Engineer Reports to: Quality Manager Position type/ expected hours: Full-time Summary/Objective This position creates and implements strategies for quality control and assurance of industrial processes, materials, and products to optimize product quality through the following: Essential Duties and Responsibilities 1. Develop and initiate standards and methods for inspection, testing, and evaluation that assures the design criteria. This could be in the form of a work instruction. 2. Plan and conduct the analysis, inspection, design, test, and/or integration to assure the quality of the assigned product or component through creation of control and/or inspection plans. 3. Review and Train the Century team members to the developed inspection plans and methodology. 4. Establish methods to evaluate the precision and accuracy of production equipment and measurement techniques. i.e. Capability studies, MSA 5. Perform quality engineering reviews of Customer design documentation and support compliance requirements. 6. Apply statistical process control (SPC) methods for analyzing data to evaluate the current process and process changes. 7. Investigate, document, and respond to all Customer Complaints through root cause investigation and corrective action. 8. Lead the Review and Disposition of non-conforming material as a Material Review Board member for your responsible product lines. 9. Manage and oversee source inspection activities 10. Document data obtained during all quality activities consistent with company policies and procedures. 11. Develop approaches to solve problems identified during quality activities. 12. Formally Communicate significant issues or developments identified during quality activities and provide recommended process solutions 13. Prepare written technical reports to communicate involvement and results of quality or project activities. 14. Direct technical and administrative workers engaged in quality activities. 15. Prepare, supervise and report suitable and effectual metrics on assigned processes. 16. Provide input on decision to accept new product into the facility and engineering changes. 17. Maintain a working knowledge of government and industry quality codes and standards. Position Requirements 1. Solid and effective interpersonal skills and refined communication and listening skills working with internal and external customers. 2. Attention to Detail 3. Multi-task: The skill to prioritize and complete multiple responsibilities 4. Problem Solve: The skill to analyze data and strategically apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a varying range of intellectual and practical problems 5. Ability to effectively use data analysis tools (pareto, cause-and-effect, control charts, correlation, box plots, stratification, root cause analysis, process maps) 6. Capability to read, analyze, and interpret complex documents and provide feedback on what is required to meet the requirements of this documentation. 7. Ability to provide sound judgement and make decisions on data gathered to continually optimize product quality and production and management processes. 8. Willingness to learn different methods and systems and encourage and teach team members realized and applied skills. 9. Capability to work within a team and recognize when a teammate might need for you to shoulder more responsibility 10. Support team objectives and targets that support company goals and objectives. 11. Meet or exceed requirements for cost targets within functional areas. 12. Comply with the Quality Management System, Safety Practices, and Management Operating System documents relative to your department. 13. Oversee and comply with company rules and practices in compliance with the Employee Handbook. 14. Support and participate in Lean Manufacturing initiatives throughout the organization including but not limited to kaizen, OEE, Kanban, 6 Sigma, etc. 15. Comply with 5S housekeeping practices and maintain a clean, organized work environment. 16. Project Management experience desired. 17. Proficient with computers and production management software. 18. Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Apply Here: https://www.click2apply.net/6eWz7YSr7zgBix2OCrRKp PI125365119Quality Analyst (#1401072)PeopleTec, Inc.PeopleTec is currently seeking a Quality Analyst to support our Huntsville, AL location. PeopleTec is seeking a Software Quality Analyst/Engineer to support the US Army S3I Directorate. The candidate will perform Software and Systems Engineering development activities and assist in the implementation of quality programs for hardware, software and service products. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Developing a Software Quality Surveillance Plan to document quality activities in compliance with S3I processes and procedures Implementing Quality Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and other processes per ISO regulations Supporting materiel releases as documented in Army Regulation 700-142, Type Classification, Materiel Release, Fielding, Transfer, etc. Reviewing defined processes, management plans for conformance to the EIPC process and provide feedback Measure and analyze the effectiveness of quality processes Conducts audits of projects processes and deliverable products Recommends improvements to the processes and procedures Assist in developing management plans as requested Documenting known deficiencies via Quality Problem Reports (QPRs) Required Skills/Experience: Minimum of 8 years experience Must have a working knowledge of databases, spreadsheets, and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, Information System's or related scientific discipline. 5-10 Years experience Desired Skills : Advanced Degree People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1401072-421753May 08, 2020Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Quality Analyst to support our Huntsville, AL location. PeopleTec is seeking a Software Quality Analyst/Engineer to support the US Army S3I Directorate. The candidate will perform Software and Systems Engineering development activities and assist in the implementation of quality programs for hardware, software and service products. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Developing a Software Quality Surveillance Plan to document quality activities in compliance with S3I processes and procedures Implementing Quality Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and other processes per ISO regulations Supporting materiel releases as documented in Army Regulation 700-142, Type Classification, Materiel Release, Fielding, Transfer, etc. Reviewing defined processes, management plans for conformance to the EIPC process and provide feedback Measure and analyze the effectiveness of quality processes Conducts audits of projects processes and deliverable products Recommends improvements to the processes and procedures Assist in developing management plans as requested Documenting known deficiencies via Quality Problem Reports (QPRs) Required Skills/Experience: Minimum of 8 years experience Must have a working knowledge of databases, spreadsheets, and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, Information System's or related scientific discipline. 5-10 Years experience Desired Skills : Advanced Degree People First. Technology Always. PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Culture: The name \"PeopleTec\" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields. Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our \"People First\" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people. Come Experience It. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1401072-421753Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitter"
