"IHS Markit Jobs - Physician Billing Representative - APN BIlling (Full-Time - Days), Jefferson Hea in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, United StatesIHS Markit JobsSkip to Main ContentWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (2,390,320)Job InformationThomas Jefferson Univ Physician Billing Representative - APN BIlling (Full-Time - Days), Jefferson Hea in Willow Grove, PennsylvaniaReference #: 9241142Primary Function:Under the direction of the Revenue Cycle Manager in the Abington Health Physician Billing Office, the Billing Representative in the Cash Application department is responsible for posting all payments received against the accounts receivables in the various practice management systems. Position should also be able to review payment to determine accurate and timely processing of overpayments.Full-Time 40 Hours/Week Days1. Education and Training: Minimum high school graduate; some college or equivalent work preferred.2. Experience: Minimum of 2 years' experience in a large physician network environment. Must be proficient in reading and understand third party remittance advice.3. License Certification and Registration: None.4. Other Requirements: Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office-Word, Excel, and knowledge of various PM systems. Must have a good understanding of CPT and ICD-10 codes.Jefferson Health delivers state of the art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 8,400 full and part-time students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21st century professional education. Combined, we have over 30,000 employees.Jefferson Health, with 14 hospitals (seven are Magnet designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 40+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually. U.S. News and World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital among the nation's best in eight specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 70 such centers in the nation.Thomas Jefferson University has ten colleges and three schools that offer more than 160 undergraduate and graduate programs. Our University is dedicated to inter-professional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet to be imagined careers.As an employer, Jefferson maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans.As an employer, the Jefferson Enterprise maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaPhysician Billing Representative...Willow GrovePennsylvaniaClear AllCopyright © IHS Inc. All Rights Reserved."
