"Jobs | Midland JobsJobsCompanies HiringPost a JobPricingWhat we doSign inSign upJobsCompanies HiringPost a JobPricingWhat we doKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs10 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchPharmaceutical Health Care Marketing Entry Level ManufacturingRefine by CategoriesEngineering (7) Accounting (6) Admin-Clerical (5) Automotive (5) Business Development (4) Sales (4)Customer Service (3) Installation-Maint-Repair (3) Construction (2) General Labor (2) Information Technology (2) Management (2) Nurse (2) Skilled Labor (2) Transportation (2) Education (1) Facilities (1) Human Resources (1) Media-Journalism (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (9) Permanent (2) Contractor (1)Refine by Salary Range€20,000 - €40,000 (1) €40,000 - €75,000 (1)Email me jobs like thisManufacturing EngineerDecotek Automotive Collinstown, County Westmeath, IrelandWe are currently recruiting a Manufacturing Engineer at our site in Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. The Manufacturing Engineer is responsible for supporting manufacturing with all process, product related engineering for maximizing efficiencies throughout the plant. Principal Accountabilities Support manufacturing in the resolution of manufacturing issues and provide manufacturing with tools and engineering support to implement new products into production and in the resolution of manufacturing issues. Lead process functions to determine product flow through the manufacturing cell by use of current engineering and continuous improvement techniques. Establish resource requirements and material flow using industrial engineering techniques and internal company standards. Analyze various product structures and processes in order to eliminate inefficiencies and reduce manufacturing costs. Perform Design of Experiment (DOE) analysis to determine optimum operating parameters...18/01/2021Full timeWe are currently recruiting a Manufacturing Engineer at our site in Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. The Manufacturing Engineer is responsible for supporting manufacturing with all process, product related engineering for maximizing efficiencies throughout the plant. Principal Accountabilities Support manufacturing in the resolution of manufacturing issues and provide manufacturing with tools and engineering support to implement new products into production and in the resolution of manufacturing issues. Lead process functions to determine product flow through the manufacturing cell by use of current engineering and continuous improvement techniques. Establish resource requirements and material flow using industrial engineering techniques and internal company standards. Analyze various product structures and processes in order to eliminate inefficiencies and reduce manufacturing costs. Perform Design of Experiment (DOE) analysis to determine optimum operating parameters...Metrology TechnicianDecotek Automotive Collinstown, County Westmeath, IrelandDecotek are currently recruiting a Metrology Technician to join our team at Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. Principal Accountabilities The Metrology Technician has responsibilities for Enforces all H&S guidelines relating to measurement equipment are observed. Breaches to be reported to H&S Officer Takes part in design of measurement equipment and fixtures with the project team to ensure best practices and customer requirements are observed. Develops and maintains all procedures relating to the metrology laboratory Identify error sources contributing to GR&R and determine reliability of measurement processes. Responsible for adjusting measurement systems in line with the identified error sources. Ensures all international & customer related standards are a maintained and applied to all measurement system processes Development of programs for all metrology equipment. Ensure revision control is maintained and secured (tamper proof)....18/01/2021Full timeDecotek are currently recruiting a Metrology Technician to join our team at Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. Principal Accountabilities The Metrology Technician has responsibilities for Enforces all H&S guidelines relating to measurement equipment are observed. Breaches to be reported to H&S Officer Takes part in design of measurement equipment and fixtures with the project team to ensure best practices and customer requirements are observed. Develops and maintains all procedures relating to the metrology laboratory Identify error sources contributing to GR&R and determine reliability of measurement processes. Responsible for adjusting measurement systems in line with the identified error sources. Ensures all international & customer related standards are a maintained and applied to all measurement system processes Development of programs for all metrology equipment. Ensure revision control is maintained and secured (tamper proof)....General OperativeDecotek Automotive Collinstown, County Westmeath, IrelandDecotek are currently recruiting General Operatives on site at Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Produce high quality products in the right quantity according to Work instructions and Production Targets. Work effectively with all team members to assist in the continuous improvement of systems and processes and ensure best practice is consistently applied. Operate and maintain production equipment according to Work Instruction whilst ensuring health and safety of self and others Ensure work area is kept clean and free from hazards Carry out visual inspection and product testing on line Ensure that all documentation is maintained in an organised and controlled manner. Assist in the achievement of Production metrics in line with plant KPI’s Participate in other related projects as required. Liaise closely with the Cell Leader on all quality and production issues. Communicate effectively with all levels of employees within the Company...18/01/2021ContractorDecotek are currently recruiting General Operatives on site at Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Produce high quality products in the right quantity according to Work instructions and Production Targets. Work effectively with all team members to assist in the continuous improvement of systems and processes and ensure best practice is consistently applied. Operate and maintain production equipment according to Work Instruction whilst ensuring health and safety of self and others Ensure work area is kept clean and free from hazards Carry out visual inspection and product testing on line Ensure that all documentation is maintained in an organised and controlled manner. Assist in the achievement of Production metrics in line with plant KPI’s Participate in other related projects as required. Liaise closely with the Cell Leader on all quality and production issues. Communicate effectively with all levels of employees within the Company...Production Team LeaderDecotek Automotive Collinstown, County Westmeath, IrelandWe are currently recruiting a Production Team Leader onsite in Collinstown, Co. Westmeath Key Responsibilities: Reporting to the Floor Manager, the Team Leader has the responsibility of managing their team through the Operator structure. Key Areas: Manage a Cell within the Production department. Ensure that all Health & Safety regulations are adhered to by all employees within the Cell Ensure that the product is to the agreed quality standard and manufactured on time in full to the production schedule Ensure that performance and time and attendance of operatives is adequately monitored and managed in line with company procedures Train operatives in the operation of machines within the Cell The Team Leader is a working cell leader for the area Principle Accountabilities: Adherence to the Production plan and achieving the Lean Sheet targets in output and quality Lead and co-ordinate the day to day activities of the Cell/Cells Responsible for...14/01/2021Full timeWe are currently recruiting a Production Team Leader onsite in Collinstown, Co. Westmeath Key Responsibilities: Reporting to the Floor Manager, the Team Leader has the responsibility of managing their team through the Operator structure. Key Areas: Manage a Cell within the Production department. Ensure that all Health & Safety regulations are adhered to by all employees within the Cell Ensure that the product is to the agreed quality standard and manufactured on time in full to the production schedule Ensure that performance and time and attendance of operatives is adequately monitored and managed in line with company procedures Train operatives in the operation of machines within the Cell The Team Leader is a working cell leader for the area Principle Accountabilities: Adherence to the Production plan and achieving the Lean Sheet targets in output and quality Lead and co-ordinate the day to day activities of the Cell/Cells Responsible for...Maintenance TechnicianMergon Group Castlepollard, County Westmeath, IrelandMergon Group is a leading supplier of innovative plastic products to world class customers in the automotive, healthcare and industrial sectors. The Group has manufacturing operations in Ireland, the US, the Czech Republic and China. THE ROLE Mergon International wishes to recruit a Maintenance Technician to join our engineering team. Working on shift the Maintenance Technician will provide technical support to ensure the efficient running of production. Duties will include: Troubleshoot electrical, mechanical and material handling systems for blow and injection moulding machines. Repair of auxiliary equipment such as grinders, conveyors and finishing cells as required Carry out preventative maintenance on blow moulding machines and adjustments to blow moulding process to ensure good production Log and report downtime/quality issues Support product, process and equipment analysis and improvement projects Work as member of a team to resolve...14/01/2021Full time PermanentMergon Group is a leading supplier of innovative plastic products to world class customers in the automotive, healthcare and industrial sectors. The Group has manufacturing operations in Ireland, the US, the Czech Republic and China. THE ROLE Mergon International wishes to recruit a Maintenance Technician to join our engineering team. Working on shift the Maintenance Technician will provide technical support to ensure the efficient running of production. Duties will include: Troubleshoot electrical, mechanical and material handling systems for blow and injection moulding machines. Repair of auxiliary equipment such as grinders, conveyors and finishing cells as required Carry out preventative maintenance on blow moulding machines and adjustments to blow moulding process to ensure good production Log and report downtime/quality issues Support product, process and equipment analysis and improvement projects Work as member of a team to resolve...Health and Safety GraduateDecotek Automotive Collinstown, County Westmeath, IrelandDecotek Automotive are currently recruiting for a dynamic Health and Safety Graduate onsite in Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. This a permanent position, that would suit a graduate/Junior health and safety officer with 6 months to 1 years’ experience, with a minimum of a diploma in health and safety. Principal Accountabilities: Assists the Health and Safety Officer in implementing the identified safety and health management systems. Assists Cell Leaders and Managers in accident investigations. Carry out regular safety inspections in all areas and ensuring CAPA implementation. Provide health and safety training to employees such as manual handling, toolbox talks and safety induction. Carry out risk assessments on existing and new processes and equipment. Organisation and presentations for various meetings including safety rep meetings and incident reviews, and following up on actions arising. Document Control: responsible for ensuring Emergency Plan, Safety...14/01/2021Full timeDecotek Automotive are currently recruiting for a dynamic Health and Safety Graduate onsite in Collinstown, Co. Westmeath. This a permanent position, that would suit a graduate/Junior health and safety officer with 6 months to 1 years’ experience, with a minimum of a diploma in health and safety. Principal Accountabilities: Assists the Health and Safety Officer in implementing the identified safety and health management systems. Assists Cell Leaders and Managers in accident investigations. Carry out regular safety inspections in all areas and ensuring CAPA implementation. Provide health and safety training to employees such as manual handling, toolbox talks and safety induction. Carry out risk assessments on existing and new processes and equipment. Organisation and presentations for various meetings including safety rep meetings and incident reviews, and following up on actions arising. Document Control: responsible for ensuring Emergency Plan, Safety...Team Lead (Production)Mergon Group Castlepollard, County Westmeath, IrelandMergon Group is a leading supplier of innovative plastic products to world class customers in the healthcare, automotive and industrial sectors. The Group has manufacturing operations in Ireland, the US, the Czech Republic and China. Mergon offers its employees interesting job challenges, opportunities for further development and a rapidly changing work environment with an emphasis on innovation and professionalism. Production Team Leader Reporting to the Production Manager, duties of the Production Team Leader will include: Plan and communicate the daily production work load, delegating duties to relevant people. Supervise to ensure adherence to safety and operating procedures, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), Good Documentation Practices (GDP) and Line Clearance. Troubleshoot on primary and secondary processes as required, perform set up activities for primary and secondary equipment and relevant paperwork as...11/01/2021Full timeMergon Group is a leading supplier of innovative plastic products to world class customers in the healthcare, automotive and industrial sectors. The Group has manufacturing operations in Ireland, the US, the Czech Republic and China. Mergon offers its employees interesting job challenges, opportunities for further development and a rapidly changing work environment with an emphasis on innovation and professionalism. Production Team Leader Reporting to the Production Manager, duties of the Production Team Leader will include: Plan and communicate the daily production work load, delegating duties to relevant people. Supervise to ensure adherence to safety and operating procedures, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), Good Documentation Practices (GDP) and Line Clearance. Troubleshoot on primary and secondary processes as required, perform set up activities for primary and secondary equipment and relevant paperwork as...Qualified Fitter (M.A.M.F) / Site Leader€15.00 - €31.50 hourlyCoughlan Engineering (Tullamore) Ltd Tullamore, County Offaly, IrelandCoughlan Engineering is a leading metalworks company based in Tullamore, serving building contractors on sites throughout Ireland. Due to continued strong demand, we have roles available for experienced fitters. Candidates must be fully Solas qualified or at least Stage 5 in their apprenticeship. Extensive MIG welding experience and the ability to read construction and fabrication drawings are essential. TIG and MMA welding experience would be seen as a bonus. The role offers extensive variety. It is part workshop-based, but predominantly site-based. You will be expected to work paid overtime and and willing to travel (in a company van). A full clean driver's license is essential. As a site leader, you will need to be able to plan for the organisation and deployment of staff and sometimes agency workers on site. As a representative of the company you will need to deal professionally with site management. You will be responsible to maintaining inventory levels in the...04/01/2021Full timeCoughlan Engineering is a leading metalworks company based in Tullamore, serving building contractors on sites throughout Ireland. Due to continued strong demand, we have roles available for experienced fitters. Candidates must be fully Solas qualified or at least Stage 5 in their apprenticeship. Extensive MIG welding experience and the ability to read construction and fabrication drawings are essential. TIG and MMA welding experience would be seen as a bonus. The role offers extensive variety. It is part workshop-based, but predominantly site-based. You will be expected to work paid overtime and and willing to travel (in a company van). A full clean driver's license is essential. As a site leader, you will need to be able to plan for the organisation and deployment of staff and sometimes agency workers on site. As a representative of the company you will need to deal professionally with site management. You will be responsible to maintaining inventory levels in the...Production OperatorsMergon Group Castlepollard, County Westmeath, IrelandMergon Group is a leading supplier of innovative plastic products to world class customers in the automotive, healthcare and industrial sectors. The Group has manufacturing operations in Ireland, the US, the Czech Republic and China. THE ROLE Mergon International currently have a number of vacancies for Production Operators at the company's Castlepollard plant. The role operates a 4 cycle shift pattern and requires the individual to be available to work day and night shifts, and every 2nd weekend. Mergon offers a highly competitive salary, benefits including contributory pension and health insurance schemes. The Person We are looking for highly motivated and reliable individuals with the ability to work to deadlines. In return you will have the opportunity to grow your career in an innovative environment where you will be challenged and developed. Applicants must be 18 years of age or older. Benefits Competitive Salary Life...15/12/2020Full timeMergon Group is a leading supplier of innovative plastic products to world class customers in the automotive, healthcare and industrial sectors. The Group has manufacturing operations in Ireland, the US, the Czech Republic and China. THE ROLE Mergon International currently have a number of vacancies for Production Operators at the company's Castlepollard plant. The role operates a 4 cycle shift pattern and requires the individual to be available to work day and night shifts, and every 2nd weekend. Mergon offers a highly competitive salary, benefits including contributory pension and health insurance schemes. The Person We are looking for highly motivated and reliable individuals with the ability to work to deadlines. In return you will have the opportunity to grow your career in an innovative environment where you will be challenged and developed. Applicants must be 18 years of age or older. Benefits Competitive Salary Life...General OperativeFaulkner Sheds Hightown, County Westmeath, IrelandSafe pass, manual handling A manufacturing background with some experience in welding would be an advantage Full driver's licence would be an advantage Please click on \"apply now\" below to submit your application, attaching a relevant cv09/11/2020Full time PermanentSafe pass, manual handling A manufacturing background with some experience in welding would be an advantage Full driver's licence would be an advantage Please click on \"apply now\" below to submit your application, attaching a relevant cvLoad moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy StatementAffiliate ProgramEmployerPost a JobSearch CVsSign inFree Careers PageHow we Advertise your JobJob SeekerFind JobsCreate a CVSign inJobs by CountyMidlands Career ExpoCompanies Hiring SoonFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedInBlogEmployment in the Midlands© 2019 MidlandJobs.ieThis website is part funded by Westmeath Local Enterprise OfficeWebsite by Cookie Web Consulting"
