"Jobs | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit NowFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.	39 jobs found	Email me jobs like this	Refine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchcounselor iiGROUP COUNSELOR IIOrange County, CA Orange County, CA, United StatesGROUP COUNSELOR II In addition to performance-based merit increases, this position is scheduled to receive salary range increases on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 2.5% increase Effective July 1, 2022 - 3.5% increase Mandatory Employee Retirement Contributions will decrease on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 1.2% decrease Salary may be negotiable within the range listed above, based on position requirements and successful candidate's qualifications, subject to appropriate authorization. This recruitment is open to the public for a minimum of five (5) business days and will remain open on a continuous basis until the needs of the County are met. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. The Eligible List established from this recruitment will be used to fill current and future Group Counselor II vacancies until the next recruitment. Please attach transcripts when submitting application. SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY The Orange County Social Services Agency (SSA) is comprised of the following four divisions: Adult Services and Assistance Programs (ASAP); Children and Family Services (CFS); Family Self-Sufficiency (FSS); and Administrative Services. Our mission is to deliver quality services that are accessible and responsive to the community, encourage personal responsibility, strengthen individuals, preserve families, and protect vulnerable adults and children. We succeed in our mission through encouragement and respect for our clients, partnerships with the community, and a commitment to innovation and excellence in leadership. ORANGEWOOD CHILDREN AND FAMILY CENTER Orangewood Children and Family Center (OCFC) . The OCFC is a 24-hour emergency shelter care facility, operated and owned by the County of Orange, Social Services Agency for children who have been abused, abandoned and/or neglected. THE OPPORTUNITY The ideal candidate will perform a lead capacity over cottage staff and may also act as Duty Officer for the facility in the absence of supervisory personnel. For a complete job description, including example of duties, please click here . Work Schedule Group Counselor II's are assigned a fixed schedule that include weekends and holidays and are subject to change every six (6) months, depending on the needs of the department. Standard shifts are 6:30 am - 2:30 pm and 2:30 pm - 10:30 pm. Supplemental Pay Night shift differential pay Bilingual pay is available to positions requiring bilingual skills. Candidates must pass the bilingual exam to be eligible for the supplemental pay. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS & CORE COMPETENCIES The agency is seeking a candidate with a completion of 12 semester units or equivalent quarter units in early childhood education or child development at an accredited college or university including at least 3 semester units of coursework in the care of infants and 3 semester units of coursework in abused and/or drug-exposed children OR a current Child Development Associate (CDA) credential with at least 3 post-secondary semester units or equivalent quarter units of coursework in abused and/or drug exposed children. The ideal candidate will also possess two (2) or more years of experience which would demonstrate working directly with infants, children, and teens, providing care, recreational activities (e.g., playing games/sports), and providing crisis intervention (e.g., approved physical restraint and/or verbal de-escalation techniques). In addition, the ideal candidate will demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and experience in all of the competencies below. Technical Knowledge | Technical Experience Understanding of juvenile institutional administration laws, rules, and regulations and familiarity with the Welfare and Institutions Code Comprehension of intervention techniques to be able to evaluate situations and handling difficult situations Working with at-risk youth (abandoned, abused, neglected) Utilizing effective techniques to assist or help child's needs Working with troubled and special needs children in relation to their level of functioning Developing and coordinating case treatment plans Observing for illnesses, reporting them as they occur, and providing medications as prescribed by physician, if needed Utilizing Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook proficiently Leadership l Supervision Leading, mentoring, and training Group Counselor Trainee I/II and Group Counselor I staff Training counselors in organizational procedures, unit program, techniques of individual and group counseling and direction of social and recreational activities Promoting and supports ethical and professional standards in the work place, and skillfully handles personnel issues Demonstrating experience leading and facilitating meetings, trainings and projects Cultivating and maintaining effective working relationships with co-workers Judgment | Decision Making Skill Demonstrating expertise utilizing crisis intervention techniques Hypersensitive of children's personal safety and security, and any environmental hazards while working with children Making sound decisions/judgment or take actions to prevent injury to children Responding quickly to emergencies, especially, involving children Interpersonal | Communication Skills Having compassion to provide care and assistance without judgment to troubled children Using effective communication when working with staff, other County agencies, and/or stakeholders, both orally and in writing Maintaining a positive attitude and effectively handling stress when dealing with difficult children Writing accurate data and/or reports As the incumbents are responsible for transporting children to their various activities, a valid Class C Driver's License is highly desirable. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Click here for complete classification description for Group Counselor II . SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS Candidates will be required to undergo a background clearance check from California Department of Social Services (CDSS) and Community Care Licensing (CCL) and must successfully clear prior to the start of their employment. All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of a background check. Areas considered in the background check include conviction history, employment history, professional references and education verification (i.e. degree, license, or official transcripts) if applicable. Foreign degrees require an evaluation of U.S. equivalency by an agency that is a member of the National Association of Credential Services (N.A.C.E.S.) In addition, a Child Abuse Central Index (CACI) background clearance check may be required. CACI is a repository of child abuse investigation reports managed by the Department of Justice (DOJ) that contains information related to substantiated cases of physical abuse, sexual abuse, mental/emotional abuse, and/or severe neglect of a child. RECRUITMENT PROCESS Resumes will not be accepted and/or screened in lieu of applications, therefore, you will need to demonstrate your qualifications on your application. Application Screening: (Refer/Non-Refer) Human Resource Services (HRS) will initially screen applications for the minimum qualifications. Only those applications that meet the required qualifications will be referred to the next step. Application Appraisal Panel (Weighted 100%): An Application Appraisal Panel (AAP) Subject matter experts will thoroughly screen and evaluate all application materials for job knowledge, competencies, and related experience described above. Only the highest scoring candidates will be referred to the next step. Based on the Department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All applicants will be notified of any changes in the selection procedure. ELIGIBLE LIST Once the assessment has been completed; HRS will establish an eligible list of candidates. Candidates placed on the eligible list may be referred to a selection interview to be considered for current and future vacancies. Veterans Employment Preference Policy, Effective 9/15/2020 The County is committed to providing a mechanism to give preferential consideration in the employment process to veterans and their eligible spouses and will provide eligible participants the opportunity to receive interviews in the selection process for employment and paid internship openings. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Email is the primary form of notification during the recruitment process. Please ensure your correct email address is included in our application and use only one email account. NOTE: User accounts are established for one person only and should not be shared with another person. Multiple applications with multiple users may jeopardize your status in the recruitment process for any positions for which you apply. Candidates will be notified regarding their status as the recruitment proceeds via email through the GovernmentJobs.com site. Please check your email folders, including spam/junk folders, and/or accept emails ending with \"governmentjobs.com\" and \"ocgov.com.\" If your email address should change, please update your profile at www.governmentjobs.com .. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: Click here for additional Frequently Asked Questions. For additional questions, you may contact Raylina Avila at 714-245-6209 , or raylina.avila@ssa.ocgov.com . EEO INFORMATION EEO INFORMATION Orange County, as an equal employment opportunity employer, encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousNov 30, 2020Full TimeGROUP COUNSELOR II In addition to performance-based merit increases, this position is scheduled to receive salary range increases on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 2.5% increase Effective July 1, 2022 - 3.5% increase Mandatory Employee Retirement Contributions will decrease on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 1.2% decrease Salary may be negotiable within the range listed above, based on position requirements and successful candidate's qualifications, subject to appropriate authorization. This recruitment is open to the public for a minimum of five (5) business days and will remain open on a continuous basis until the needs of the County are met. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. The Eligible List established from this recruitment will be used to fill current and future Group Counselor II vacancies until the next recruitment. Please attach transcripts when submitting application. SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY The Orange County Social Services Agency (SSA) is comprised of the following four divisions: Adult Services and Assistance Programs (ASAP); Children and Family Services (CFS); Family Self-Sufficiency (FSS); and Administrative Services. Our mission is to deliver quality services that are accessible and responsive to the community, encourage personal responsibility, strengthen individuals, preserve families, and protect vulnerable adults and children. We succeed in our mission through encouragement and respect for our clients, partnerships with the community, and a commitment to innovation and excellence in leadership. ORANGEWOOD CHILDREN AND FAMILY CENTER Orangewood Children and Family Center (OCFC) . The OCFC is a 24-hour emergency shelter care facility, operated and owned by the County of Orange, Social Services Agency for children who have been abused, abandoned and/or neglected. THE OPPORTUNITY The ideal candidate will perform a lead capacity over cottage staff and may also act as Duty Officer for the facility in the absence of supervisory personnel. For a complete job description, including example of duties, please click here . Work Schedule Group Counselor II's are assigned a fixed schedule that include weekends and holidays and are subject to change every six (6) months, depending on the needs of the department. Standard shifts are 6:30 am - 2:30 pm and 2:30 pm - 10:30 pm. Supplemental Pay Night shift differential pay Bilingual pay is available to positions requiring bilingual skills. Candidates must pass the bilingual exam to be eligible for the supplemental pay. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS & CORE COMPETENCIES The agency is seeking a candidate with a completion of 12 semester units or equivalent quarter units in early childhood education or child development at an accredited college or university including at least 3 semester units of coursework in the care of infants and 3 semester units of coursework in abused and/or drug-exposed children OR a current Child Development Associate (CDA) credential with at least 3 post-secondary semester units or equivalent quarter units of coursework in abused and/or drug exposed children. The ideal candidate will also possess two (2) or more years of experience which would demonstrate working directly with infants, children, and teens, providing care, recreational activities (e.g., playing games/sports), and providing crisis intervention (e.g., approved physical restraint and/or verbal de-escalation techniques). In addition, the ideal candidate will demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and experience in all of the competencies below. Technical Knowledge | Technical Experience Understanding of juvenile institutional administration laws, rules, and regulations and familiarity with the Welfare and Institutions Code Comprehension of intervention techniques to be able to evaluate situations and handling difficult situations Working with at-risk youth (abandoned, abused, neglected) Utilizing effective techniques to assist or help child's needs Working with troubled and special needs children in relation to their level of functioning Developing and coordinating case treatment plans Observing for illnesses, reporting them as they occur, and providing medications as prescribed by physician, if needed Utilizing Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook proficiently Leadership l Supervision Leading, mentoring, and training Group Counselor Trainee I/II and Group Counselor I staff Training counselors in organizational procedures, unit program, techniques of individual and group counseling and direction of social and recreational activities Promoting and supports ethical and professional standards in the work place, and skillfully handles personnel issues Demonstrating experience leading and facilitating meetings, trainings and projects Cultivating and maintaining effective working relationships with co-workers Judgment | Decision Making Skill Demonstrating expertise utilizing crisis intervention techniques Hypersensitive of children's personal safety and security, and any environmental hazards while working with children Making sound decisions/judgment or take actions to prevent injury to children Responding quickly to emergencies, especially, involving children Interpersonal | Communication Skills Having compassion to provide care and assistance without judgment to troubled children Using effective communication when working with staff, other County agencies, and/or stakeholders, both orally and in writing Maintaining a positive attitude and effectively handling stress when dealing with difficult children Writing accurate data and/or reports As the incumbents are responsible for transporting children to their various activities, a valid Class C Driver's License is highly desirable. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Click here for complete classification description for Group Counselor II . SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS Candidates will be required to undergo a background clearance check from California Department of Social Services (CDSS) and Community Care Licensing (CCL) and must successfully clear prior to the start of their employment. All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of a background check. Areas considered in the background check include conviction history, employment history, professional references and education verification (i.e. degree, license, or official transcripts) if applicable. Foreign degrees require an evaluation of U.S. equivalency by an agency that is a member of the National Association of Credential Services (N.A.C.E.S.) In addition, a Child Abuse Central Index (CACI) background clearance check may be required. CACI is a repository of child abuse investigation reports managed by the Department of Justice (DOJ) that contains information related to substantiated cases of physical abuse, sexual abuse, mental/emotional abuse, and/or severe neglect of a child. RECRUITMENT PROCESS Resumes will not be accepted and/or screened in lieu of applications, therefore, you will need to demonstrate your qualifications on your application. Application Screening: (Refer/Non-Refer) Human Resource Services (HRS) will initially screen applications for the minimum qualifications. Only those applications that meet the required qualifications will be referred to the next step. Application Appraisal Panel (Weighted 100%): An Application Appraisal Panel (AAP) Subject matter experts will thoroughly screen and evaluate all application materials for job knowledge, competencies, and related experience described above. Only the highest scoring candidates will be referred to the next step. Based on the Department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All applicants will be notified of any changes in the selection procedure. ELIGIBLE LIST Once the assessment has been completed; HRS will establish an eligible list of candidates. Candidates placed on the eligible list may be referred to a selection interview to be considered for current and future vacancies. Veterans Employment Preference Policy, Effective 9/15/2020 The County is committed to providing a mechanism to give preferential consideration in the employment process to veterans and their eligible spouses and will provide eligible participants the opportunity to receive interviews in the selection process for employment and paid internship openings. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Email is the primary form of notification during the recruitment process. Please ensure your correct email address is included in our application and use only one email account. NOTE: User accounts are established for one person only and should not be shared with another person. Multiple applications with multiple users may jeopardize your status in the recruitment process for any positions for which you apply. Candidates will be notified regarding their status as the recruitment proceeds via email through the GovernmentJobs.com site. Please check your email folders, including spam/junk folders, and/or accept emails ending with \"governmentjobs.com\" and \"ocgov.com.\" If your email address should change, please update your profile at www.governmentjobs.com .. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: Click here for additional Frequently Asked Questions. For additional questions, you may contact Raylina Avila at 714-245-6209 , or raylina.avila@ssa.ocgov.com . EEO INFORMATION EEO INFORMATION Orange County, as an equal employment opportunity employer, encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousAlcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor II - Full-Time, Part-Time & Extra-HelpSonoma County, CA Santa Rosa, CA, United StatesPosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in your community! Starting salary up to $38.45*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the I level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The Driving Under the Influence Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor II positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. The employment list established from this recruitment may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time , and extra-help positions as they occur during the active status of this list. County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: Two years of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor I with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs that directly relate to the knowledge and skills listed above and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR One year of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor II with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; modern methods of diagnosing and treating persons who abuse alcohol and drugs; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs; community organizations involved in alcohol and other drug abuse programs; principles of supervision; effective personnel practices including recognition, performance evaluation, and progressive discipline; principles and techniques of employee training. Ability to : oversee and coordinate the work of other staff; train, develop and lead staff; understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: ACDec 10, 2020Full TimePosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in your community! Starting salary up to $38.45*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the I level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The Driving Under the Influence Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor II positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. The employment list established from this recruitment may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time , and extra-help positions as they occur during the active status of this list. County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: Two years of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor I with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs that directly relate to the knowledge and skills listed above and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR One year of experience equivalent to the Sonoma County class of Alcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor II with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; modern methods of diagnosing and treating persons who abuse alcohol and drugs; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs; community organizations involved in alcohol and other drug abuse programs; principles of supervision; effective personnel practices including recognition, performance evaluation, and progressive discipline; principles and techniques of employee training. Ability to : oversee and coordinate the work of other staff; train, develop and lead staff; understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: ACSupervising Mental Health Counselor II - LicensedNapa County Napa, California, United StatesIt is the role of the Supervising Mental Health Counselor II to provide direct crisis services, coordinate care for clients, provide leadership, and clinical direction for the Mobile Crisis & Community Response Team(s). This position is primarily responsible for the supervision of their Mental Health programs and staff. Mental Health Mobile Crisis Response Teams manage, respond, and deploy to crisis calls from the community. They conduct clinical assessments, de-escalate critical situations, write 5150/5585 holds, complete timely and accurate clinical documentation, and provide linkage to relevant services in our community for stabilization, treatment and further support. The Mental Health Mobile Crisis Response Supervisor also serves as a liaison with other program units within the Mental Health Division, with partner divisions within HHSA, as well as with community partner agencies, medical providers, and community members. The Recruitment Process 1. Applications are due by 5:00 P.M. on Thursday, January 28, 2021. 2. Candidates that possess one of the required licenses will have their supplemental questions scored during the week of January 31, 2021. 3. Only the most qualified candidates from the scoring of the supplemental questions will be invited for an Oral Panel Interview. Oral Panel Interviews are tentatively scheduled for mid-February 2021. You will be notified by Human Resources to schedule yourself for an interview if you qualify. Human Resources reserves the right to make changes to the recruitment process and schedule at any time.Jan 16, 2021Full TimeIt is the role of the Supervising Mental Health Counselor II to provide direct crisis services, coordinate care for clients, provide leadership, and clinical direction for the Mobile Crisis & Community Response Team(s). This position is primarily responsible for the supervision of their Mental Health programs and staff. Mental Health Mobile Crisis Response Teams manage, respond, and deploy to crisis calls from the community. They conduct clinical assessments, de-escalate critical situations, write 5150/5585 holds, complete timely and accurate clinical documentation, and provide linkage to relevant services in our community for stabilization, treatment and further support. The Mental Health Mobile Crisis Response Supervisor also serves as a liaison with other program units within the Mental Health Division, with partner divisions within HHSA, as well as with community partner agencies, medical providers, and community members. The Recruitment Process 1. Applications are due by 5:00 P.M. on Thursday, January 28, 2021. 2. Candidates that possess one of the required licenses will have their supplemental questions scored during the week of January 31, 2021. 3. Only the most qualified candidates from the scoring of the supplemental questions will be invited for an Oral Panel Interview. Oral Panel Interviews are tentatively scheduled for mid-February 2021. You will be notified by Human Resources to schedule yourself for an interview if you qualify. Human Resources reserves the right to make changes to the recruitment process and schedule at any time.Supervising Mental Health Counselor II - LicensedNapa County Napa, California, United StatesIt is the role of the Supervising Mental Health Counselor II to provide direct services, coordinate care for clients, provide leadership, and clinical direction for the team. This position is primarily responsible for the supervision of the Mental Health Access Service program and staff. Mental Health Access manages, coordinates care, and oversees all requests for mental health services for children, transitional-aged youth, adults, and older adults. The Mental Health Access Supervisor acts as a liaison with other program units within the Mental Health Division as well as with community partner agencies, medical providers, and families who refer potential consumers for relevant referrals and linkage to mental health treatment and clinical casework following a thorough assessment. The Recruitment Process 1. Applications are due by 5:00 P.M. on Thursday, January 28, 2021. 2. Candidates that possess one of the required licenses will have their supplemental questions scored during the week of February 1, 2021. 3. Only the most qualified candidates from the scoring of the supplemental questions will be invited for an Oral Panel Interview. Oral Panel Interviews are tentatively scheduled mid-February, 2021. You will be notified by Human Resources to schedule yourself for an interview if you qualify. Human Resources reserves the right to make changes to the recruitment process and schedule at any time.Jan 16, 2021Full TimeIt is the role of the Supervising Mental Health Counselor II to provide direct services, coordinate care for clients, provide leadership, and clinical direction for the team. This position is primarily responsible for the supervision of the Mental Health Access Service program and staff. Mental Health Access manages, coordinates care, and oversees all requests for mental health services for children, transitional-aged youth, adults, and older adults. The Mental Health Access Supervisor acts as a liaison with other program units within the Mental Health Division as well as with community partner agencies, medical providers, and families who refer potential consumers for relevant referrals and linkage to mental health treatment and clinical casework following a thorough assessment. The Recruitment Process 1. Applications are due by 5:00 P.M. on Thursday, January 28, 2021. 2. Candidates that possess one of the required licenses will have their supplemental questions scored during the week of February 1, 2021. 3. Only the most qualified candidates from the scoring of the supplemental questions will be invited for an Oral Panel Interview. Oral Panel Interviews are tentatively scheduled mid-February, 2021. You will be notified by Human Resources to schedule yourself for an interview if you qualify. Human Resources reserves the right to make changes to the recruitment process and schedule at any time.MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELOR 2State of Nevada Caliente, Nevada, United StatesMental Health Counselors provide counseling, case management, direct clinical services, community and home based services, and behavioral and human services to mentally ill, developmentally disabled and/or emotionally disturbed clients in an outpatient, residential, community or similar setting. Incumbents possess a degree of knowledge and proficiency sufficient to perform work independently with little or no additional training. The Division of Child and Family Services is recruiting for a Mental Health Counselor II (MHC II) position to be located at Caliente Youth Center (CYC), a staff-secure facility located in Caliente, Nevada. The facility includes seven separate housing units for youth committed to the state for correctional care: five units for males and two for females. CYC has the capacity to serve up to 140 youth ages 12 to 18. For over 50 years, the Caliente Youth Center has assisted in helping Nevada's at-risk youth change their course. CYC's mission is to promote positive value change to the youth served through a balanced, team-centered, and strength-based approach. The Mental Health Counselor II completes risk and/or suicide assessments, documents and follows the reporting chain for these incidents as needed or requested by youth, family, therapist or facility; evaluates and makes referrals as needed for psychological testing, psychiatric evaluations, substance abuse treatments, other specialized programming that requires a clinical referral; provides weekly updates for the committed to change program on each youth on their caseload; participates in biweekly admissions meetings and provides input on the mental health needs of youth pending admission; sees youth as regularly as indicated on the treatment plan and at the request of the youth, family and/or facility as clinically indicated; and provides contacts that both meet the needs of the children and families served and provides effective interventions resulting in positive outcomes. This is a full-time position that will be located in Caliente. Nestled up against the mountains, CYC provides a unique atmosphere for correctional care. On site, in addition to the seven separate housing units, there is an administration building, an infirmary, a full-service kitchen and laundry, maintenance, an accredited high school, a gymnasium, a football/soccer field, a baseball/softball diamond, and a workout room for aerobic, weightlifting, and cardio fitness. ** Please ensure your application reflects your licensure or certification as a Mental Health Counselor, Certified Counselor, Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Certified Alcohol and Drug Counselor, or Alcohol and Drug Abuse Counselor. This should be included in the \"license\" section of your application. ** The State of Nevada and DCFS offer an excellent benefits package that includes health, dental and vision insurance, participation in the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), accrual of 15 days of annual and 15 days of sick leave, 11 paid holidays and no city, county, state or social security tax! The State of Nevada is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or belief, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, domestic partnership, genetic information (GINA), or compensation and/or wages. Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeMental Health Counselors provide counseling, case management, direct clinical services, community and home based services, and behavioral and human services to mentally ill, developmentally disabled and/or emotionally disturbed clients in an outpatient, residential, community or similar setting. Incumbents possess a degree of knowledge and proficiency sufficient to perform work independently with little or no additional training. The Division of Child and Family Services is recruiting for a Mental Health Counselor II (MHC II) position to be located at Caliente Youth Center (CYC), a staff-secure facility located in Caliente, Nevada. The facility includes seven separate housing units for youth committed to the state for correctional care: five units for males and two for females. CYC has the capacity to serve up to 140 youth ages 12 to 18. For over 50 years, the Caliente Youth Center has assisted in helping Nevada's at-risk youth change their course. CYC's mission is to promote positive value change to the youth served through a balanced, team-centered, and strength-based approach. The Mental Health Counselor II completes risk and/or suicide assessments, documents and follows the reporting chain for these incidents as needed or requested by youth, family, therapist or facility; evaluates and makes referrals as needed for psychological testing, psychiatric evaluations, substance abuse treatments, other specialized programming that requires a clinical referral; provides weekly updates for the committed to change program on each youth on their caseload; participates in biweekly admissions meetings and provides input on the mental health needs of youth pending admission; sees youth as regularly as indicated on the treatment plan and at the request of the youth, family and/or facility as clinically indicated; and provides contacts that both meet the needs of the children and families served and provides effective interventions resulting in positive outcomes. This is a full-time position that will be located in Caliente. Nestled up against the mountains, CYC provides a unique atmosphere for correctional care. On site, in addition to the seven separate housing units, there is an administration building, an infirmary, a full-service kitchen and laundry, maintenance, an accredited high school, a gymnasium, a football/soccer field, a baseball/softball diamond, and a workout room for aerobic, weightlifting, and cardio fitness. ** Please ensure your application reflects your licensure or certification as a Mental Health Counselor, Certified Counselor, Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Certified Alcohol and Drug Counselor, or Alcohol and Drug Abuse Counselor. This should be included in the \"license\" section of your application. ** The State of Nevada and DCFS offer an excellent benefits package that includes health, dental and vision insurance, participation in the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), accrual of 15 days of annual and 15 days of sick leave, 11 paid holidays and no city, county, state or social security tax! The State of Nevada is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or belief, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, domestic partnership, genetic information (GINA), or compensation and/or wages. Closing Date/Time:MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELOR 2State of Nevada Reno, Nevada, United StatesMental Health Counselors provide counseling, case management, direct clinical services, community and home based services, and behavioral and human services to mentally ill, developmentally disabled and/or emotionally disturbed clients in an outpatient, residential, community or similar setting. Incumbents possess a degree of knowledge and proficiency sufficient to perform work independently with little or no additional training. The Nevada Division of Child and Family Services (DCFS) is recruiting for a Mental Health Counselor II to be located in Reno, NV. This position actively participates on a multidisciplinary team providing clinical care and treatment to children and adolescents with behavioral and emotional disturbances in a 24 hour/7 day a week residential treatment setting. Psychiatric Residential Treatment Facility (PRTF) Enterprise serves children between 6-17 years of age. Incumbents provide individual, family, and group therapy utilizing evidence-based treatment practices, review records, complete assessments, prepare treatment plans, discuss child's treatment at case staffing, administer individual and standardized assessments, integrate and analyze information from all available sources, document quality of care, ensure information is available to other members of the treatment team by completing required forms and report and maintain documentation to ensure compliance with established laws, regulations, policies and standards of care. Clinical experience with children and/or adolescents is preferred. Licensure or Post-Graduate Intern approval in clinical fields of MFT, CPC, or LCSW is preferred. This is a full-time position that includes a variable work agreement with overtime after 40 hours per week. This position requires work in the evenings and/or weekend hours. The State of Nevada and DCFS offer an excellent benefits package that includes health, dental and vision insurance, participation in the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), accrual of 15 days of annual and 15 days of sick leave, 11 paid holidays and no city, county, state or social security tax! The State of Nevada is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or belief, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, domestic partnership, genetic information (GINA), or compensation and/or wages. ***THIS RECRUITMENT MAY CLOSE AT ANY TIME BASED ON THE AMOUNT OF APPLICATIONS RECEIVED. QUALIFIED APPLICANTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.*** Closing Date/Time: 02/02/2021Jan 19, 2021Full TimeMental Health Counselors provide counseling, case management, direct clinical services, community and home based services, and behavioral and human services to mentally ill, developmentally disabled and/or emotionally disturbed clients in an outpatient, residential, community or similar setting. Incumbents possess a degree of knowledge and proficiency sufficient to perform work independently with little or no additional training. The Nevada Division of Child and Family Services (DCFS) is recruiting for a Mental Health Counselor II to be located in Reno, NV. This position actively participates on a multidisciplinary team providing clinical care and treatment to children and adolescents with behavioral and emotional disturbances in a 24 hour/7 day a week residential treatment setting. Psychiatric Residential Treatment Facility (PRTF) Enterprise serves children between 6-17 years of age. Incumbents provide individual, family, and group therapy utilizing evidence-based treatment practices, review records, complete assessments, prepare treatment plans, discuss child's treatment at case staffing, administer individual and standardized assessments, integrate and analyze information from all available sources, document quality of care, ensure information is available to other members of the treatment team by completing required forms and report and maintain documentation to ensure compliance with established laws, regulations, policies and standards of care. Clinical experience with children and/or adolescents is preferred. Licensure or Post-Graduate Intern approval in clinical fields of MFT, CPC, or LCSW is preferred. This is a full-time position that includes a variable work agreement with overtime after 40 hours per week. This position requires work in the evenings and/or weekend hours. The State of Nevada and DCFS offer an excellent benefits package that includes health, dental and vision insurance, participation in the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), accrual of 15 days of annual and 15 days of sick leave, 11 paid holidays and no city, county, state or social security tax! The State of Nevada is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or belief, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, domestic partnership, genetic information (GINA), or compensation and/or wages. ***THIS RECRUITMENT MAY CLOSE AT ANY TIME BASED ON THE AMOUNT OF APPLICATIONS RECEIVED. QUALIFIED APPLICANTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.*** Closing Date/Time: 02/02/2021Social Worker I / IIOrange County, CA Orange County, CA, United StatesSOCIAL WORKER I/II In addition to performance-based merit increases, this position is scheduled to receive salary range increases on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 2.5% increase Effective July 1, 2022 - 3.5% increase Mandatory Employee Retirement Contributions will decrease on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 1.2% decrease Salary may be negotiable within the range listed above, based on position requirements and successful candidate's qualifications, subject to appropriate authorization. This recruitment is open to the public for a minimum of five (5) business days and will remain open on a continuous basis until the needs of the County are met. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. The Eligible List established from this recruitment will be used to fill current and future Group Counselor II vacancies until the next recruitment. Please attach transcripts when submitting application . SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY The Orange County Social Services Agency (SSA) is comprised of the following four divisions: Assistance Programs (AP); Children and Family Services (CFS); Family Self-Sufficiency and Adult Service (FSS-AS); and Administrative Services. Our mission is to deliver quality services that are accessible and responsive to the community, encourage personal responsibility, strengthen individuals, preserve families, and protect vulnerable adults and children. We succeed in our mission through encouragement and respect for our clients, partnerships with the community, and a commitment to innovation and excellence in leadership. THE OPPORTUNITY Social Worker I is the entry level position of the Social Worker series. Employees are expected to acquire the experience and knowledge as a Social Worker I in order to promote to the Social Worker II level within their probation period. Social Worker II is the journey level classification. Depending on the needs of the department, some positions will be assigned to work in any of the programs within SSA, such as: Family Self-Sufficiency and Adult Services, Children and Family Services, or Maternal, Child and Adolescent Health. Some positions will be assigned to work at Aliso Viejo (will close at the end of December, 2020 and Laguna Hills. Salary Ranges: Social Worker I Social Worker II $24.11 - $32.28 Hourly $1,928.80 - $2,582.40 Biweekly $3,857.60 - $5,164.80 Monthly $50,148.80 - $67, 142.40 Annually $26.07 - $35.01 Hourly $2,085.60 - $2,800.80 Biweekly $4,518.80 - $6,068.40 Monthly $54,225.60 - $72,820.80 Annually Work Schedule Some positions may work a 9/80 flex schedule. Other positions may also be assigned to be on-call, evening or night shift, including weekends and holidays. Work schedules are subject to change, based on the needs of the department. Supplemental Pay On-Call (voluntary) pay Night shift differential pay Bilingual pay is available to positions requiring bilingual skills. Candidates must pass the bilingual exam to be eligible for the supplemental pay . MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Click here to read more about the job duties and qualifications for Social Worker I and II. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS & CORE COMPETENCIES: The ideal candidate will possess a background and understanding of County social services programs, policies, rules, codes and regulations. In addition, the ideal candidate will possess extensive knowledge and/or experience in the following core competencies. Technical Knowledge l Experience: Develop, use and coordinate County and community resources to meet the needs of the clients; Testify in criminal, probate, family law or juvenile court hearings; Assess the harm and risk of a child, elder or dependent adult for neglect and abuse; Drive personal vehicle to transport children for required visitation, school of origin, therapy and educational appointments; Case management; Proficient utilizing Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook Communication Skills: Communicate in a clear and concise manner when working with staff, other County agencies, and/or stakeholders, both orally and in writing; Counsel and use motivational techniques to encourage clients to pursue/retain employment; Maintain a positive attitude and manage stress when dealing with difficult situations Critical Thinking: Plan, organize, prioritize and process work and meet deadlines in a demanding environment; Maintain and safeguard client's information for privacy; Recognize and define problems, analyze data, evaluate and select alternatives for effective resolutions Diversity l Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrate professional demeanor in behavior, appearance, and communication; Adapt and Interview effectively with people from all cultures and ethnic backgrounds; Participate in multi-disciplinary team meetings. SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS Candidates will be required to undergo a background clearance check from California Department of Social Services (CDSS) and Community Care Licensing (CCL) and must successfully clear prior to the start of their employment. All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of a background check. Areas considered in the background check include conviction history, employment history, professional references and education verification (i.e. degree, license, or official transcripts) if applicable. Foreign degrees require an evaluation of U.S. equivalency by an agency that is a member of the National Association of Credential Services (N.A.C.E.S.). In addition, a Child Abuse Central Index (CACI) background clearance check may be required. CACI is a repository of child abuse investigation reports managed by the Department of Justice (DOJ) that contains information related to substantiated cases of physical abuse, sexual abuse, mental/emotional abuse, and/or severe neglect of a child. RECRUITMENT PROCESS Resumes will not be accepted and/or screened in lieu of applications, therefore, you will need to demonstrate your qualifications on your application. Application Screening: (Refer/Non-Refer) Human Resource Services (HRS) will initially screen applications for the minimum qualifications. Only those applications that meet the required qualifications will be referred to the next step. Online Assessment(s): (Weighted 100%) The online assessment will be scored and will cover required job related, behavioral competencies needed for this position. Only the highest scoring candidates will be referred to the next step Based on the Department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All applicants will be notified of any changes in the selection procedure. ELIGIBLE LIST Once the assessment has been completed; HRS will establish an eligible list of candidates. Candidates placed on the eligible list may be referred to a selection interview to be considered for current and future vacancies. The Online Assessment has a 180-day test-taking restriction. If you take the test, you will not be able to retake it until 6 months (180 days) has passed. Veterans Employment Preference Policy, Effective 9/15/2020 The County is committed to providing a mechanism to give preferential consideration in the employment process to veterans and their eligible spouses and will provide eligible participants the opportunity to receive interviews in the selection process for employment and paid internship openings. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION EMAIL NOTIFICATION: Email is the primary form of notification during the recruitment process. Please ensure your correct email address is included in our application and use only one email account. NOTE: User accounts are established for one person only and should not be shared with another person. Multiple applications with multiple users may jeopardize your status in the recruitment process for any positions for which you apply. Candidates will be notified regarding their status as the recruitment proceeds via email through the GovernmentJobs.com site. Please check your email folders, including spam/junk folders, and/or accept emails ending with \"governmentjobs.com\" and \"ocgov.com.\" If your email address should change, please update your profile at www.governmentjobs.com . FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: Click here for additional Frequently Asked Questions. For specific information pertaining to this recruitment, please contact Raylina Avila at (714) 245-6209 or Raylina.avila@ssa.ocgov.com . EEO INFORMATION Orange County, as an equal employment opportunity employer, encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Closing Date/Time:Jan 10, 2021Full TimeSOCIAL WORKER I/II In addition to performance-based merit increases, this position is scheduled to receive salary range increases on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 2.5% increase Effective July 1, 2022 - 3.5% increase Mandatory Employee Retirement Contributions will decrease on the following dates: Effective July 2, 2021 - 1.2% decrease Salary may be negotiable within the range listed above, based on position requirements and successful candidate's qualifications, subject to appropriate authorization. This recruitment is open to the public for a minimum of five (5) business days and will remain open on a continuous basis until the needs of the County are met. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. The Eligible List established from this recruitment will be used to fill current and future Group Counselor II vacancies until the next recruitment. Please attach transcripts when submitting application . SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY The Orange County Social Services Agency (SSA) is comprised of the following four divisions: Assistance Programs (AP); Children and Family Services (CFS); Family Self-Sufficiency and Adult Service (FSS-AS); and Administrative Services. Our mission is to deliver quality services that are accessible and responsive to the community, encourage personal responsibility, strengthen individuals, preserve families, and protect vulnerable adults and children. We succeed in our mission through encouragement and respect for our clients, partnerships with the community, and a commitment to innovation and excellence in leadership. THE OPPORTUNITY Social Worker I is the entry level position of the Social Worker series. Employees are expected to acquire the experience and knowledge as a Social Worker I in order to promote to the Social Worker II level within their probation period. Social Worker II is the journey level classification. Depending on the needs of the department, some positions will be assigned to work in any of the programs within SSA, such as: Family Self-Sufficiency and Adult Services, Children and Family Services, or Maternal, Child and Adolescent Health. Some positions will be assigned to work at Aliso Viejo (will close at the end of December, 2020 and Laguna Hills. Salary Ranges: Social Worker I Social Worker II $24.11 - $32.28 Hourly $1,928.80 - $2,582.40 Biweekly $3,857.60 - $5,164.80 Monthly $50,148.80 - $67, 142.40 Annually $26.07 - $35.01 Hourly $2,085.60 - $2,800.80 Biweekly $4,518.80 - $6,068.40 Monthly $54,225.60 - $72,820.80 Annually Work Schedule Some positions may work a 9/80 flex schedule. Other positions may also be assigned to be on-call, evening or night shift, including weekends and holidays. Work schedules are subject to change, based on the needs of the department. Supplemental Pay On-Call (voluntary) pay Night shift differential pay Bilingual pay is available to positions requiring bilingual skills. Candidates must pass the bilingual exam to be eligible for the supplemental pay . MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Click here to read more about the job duties and qualifications for Social Worker I and II. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS & CORE COMPETENCIES: The ideal candidate will possess a background and understanding of County social services programs, policies, rules, codes and regulations. In addition, the ideal candidate will possess extensive knowledge and/or experience in the following core competencies. Technical Knowledge l Experience: Develop, use and coordinate County and community resources to meet the needs of the clients; Testify in criminal, probate, family law or juvenile court hearings; Assess the harm and risk of a child, elder or dependent adult for neglect and abuse; Drive personal vehicle to transport children for required visitation, school of origin, therapy and educational appointments; Case management; Proficient utilizing Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook Communication Skills: Communicate in a clear and concise manner when working with staff, other County agencies, and/or stakeholders, both orally and in writing; Counsel and use motivational techniques to encourage clients to pursue/retain employment; Maintain a positive attitude and manage stress when dealing with difficult situations Critical Thinking: Plan, organize, prioritize and process work and meet deadlines in a demanding environment; Maintain and safeguard client's information for privacy; Recognize and define problems, analyze data, evaluate and select alternatives for effective resolutions Diversity l Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrate professional demeanor in behavior, appearance, and communication; Adapt and Interview effectively with people from all cultures and ethnic backgrounds; Participate in multi-disciplinary team meetings. SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS Candidates will be required to undergo a background clearance check from California Department of Social Services (CDSS) and Community Care Licensing (CCL) and must successfully clear prior to the start of their employment. All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of a background check. Areas considered in the background check include conviction history, employment history, professional references and education verification (i.e. degree, license, or official transcripts) if applicable. Foreign degrees require an evaluation of U.S. equivalency by an agency that is a member of the National Association of Credential Services (N.A.C.E.S.). In addition, a Child Abuse Central Index (CACI) background clearance check may be required. CACI is a repository of child abuse investigation reports managed by the Department of Justice (DOJ) that contains information related to substantiated cases of physical abuse, sexual abuse, mental/emotional abuse, and/or severe neglect of a child. RECRUITMENT PROCESS Resumes will not be accepted and/or screened in lieu of applications, therefore, you will need to demonstrate your qualifications on your application. Application Screening: (Refer/Non-Refer) Human Resource Services (HRS) will initially screen applications for the minimum qualifications. Only those applications that meet the required qualifications will be referred to the next step. Online Assessment(s): (Weighted 100%) The online assessment will be scored and will cover required job related, behavioral competencies needed for this position. Only the highest scoring candidates will be referred to the next step Based on the Department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All applicants will be notified of any changes in the selection procedure. ELIGIBLE LIST Once the assessment has been completed; HRS will establish an eligible list of candidates. Candidates placed on the eligible list may be referred to a selection interview to be considered for current and future vacancies. The Online Assessment has a 180-day test-taking restriction. If you take the test, you will not be able to retake it until 6 months (180 days) has passed. Veterans Employment Preference Policy, Effective 9/15/2020 The County is committed to providing a mechanism to give preferential consideration in the employment process to veterans and their eligible spouses and will provide eligible participants the opportunity to receive interviews in the selection process for employment and paid internship openings. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION EMAIL NOTIFICATION: Email is the primary form of notification during the recruitment process. Please ensure your correct email address is included in our application and use only one email account. NOTE: User accounts are established for one person only and should not be shared with another person. Multiple applications with multiple users may jeopardize your status in the recruitment process for any positions for which you apply. Candidates will be notified regarding their status as the recruitment proceeds via email through the GovernmentJobs.com site. Please check your email folders, including spam/junk folders, and/or accept emails ending with \"governmentjobs.com\" and \"ocgov.com.\" If your email address should change, please update your profile at www.governmentjobs.com . FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: Click here for additional Frequently Asked Questions. For specific information pertaining to this recruitment, please contact Raylina Avila at (714) 245-6209 or Raylina.avila@ssa.ocgov.com . EEO INFORMATION Orange County, as an equal employment opportunity employer, encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Closing Date/Time:MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELOR 2State of Nevada Lovelock, Nevada, United StatesMental Health Counselors provide counseling, case management, direct clinical services, community and home based services, and behavioral and human services to mentally ill, developmentally disabled and/or emotionally disturbed clients in an outpatient, residential, community or similar setting. Incumbents possess a degree of knowledge and proficiency sufficient to perform work independently with little or no additional training. This position is located at Lovelock Correctional Center (LCC), in Lovelock, Nevada. The incumbent provides psychological services to inmates in a correctional setting. Travel to Carson City may be required. Under general supervision, Mental Health Counselor II's perform a variety of duties including clinical care, community services and/or supervision of a limited number of paraprofessional and support staff. The State of Nevada is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or belief, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, domestic partnership, genetic information (GINA), or compensation and/or wages. Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeMental Health Counselors provide counseling, case management, direct clinical services, community and home based services, and behavioral and human services to mentally ill, developmentally disabled and/or emotionally disturbed clients in an outpatient, residential, community or similar setting. Incumbents possess a degree of knowledge and proficiency sufficient to perform work independently with little or no additional training. This position is located at Lovelock Correctional Center (LCC), in Lovelock, Nevada. The incumbent provides psychological services to inmates in a correctional setting. Travel to Carson City may be required. Under general supervision, Mental Health Counselor II's perform a variety of duties including clinical care, community services and/or supervision of a limited number of paraprofessional and support staff. The State of Nevada is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or belief, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, domestic partnership, genetic information (GINA), or compensation and/or wages. Closing Date/Time:SENIOR MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELOR, R.N.LOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesEXAM NUMBER: b5280O JOB TYPE : OPEN COMPETITIVE JOB OPPORTUNITY FILING START DATE: 10/23/2020 This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. POSITION DEFINITION: Supervises primary providers of mental health nursing services to individuals, families, and groups in a range of mental health care settings. CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS: Positions allocable to this supervisory class are assigned to a service area mental health setting and work under the technical and administrative direction of a clinical program manager or higher-level nurse or psychiatrist. Within scope-of-practice guidelines, positions supervise members of a multidisciplinary team that provides mental health services to clients and families and consultative services to community agencies. May also function as primary providers of psychiatric mental health nursing services and carry a caseload. Positions are also responsible for performing administrative functions for a mental health clinic or program. Incumbents function within agency guidelines and professional standards that require specialized knowledge of and experience in the application of principles of mental health services in the community, crisis and therapeutic intervention, and physical health care; and general knowledge of and experience in the application of agency philosophy, policies, and procedures. Essential Job Functions Performs administrative functions that include, but are not limited to, interviewing candidates for clinical and support staff positions and making recommendations for hire, preparing annual performance evaluations for subordinate staff, and counseling multi-disciplinary staff with respect to client services and/or agency problems. Participates as a member of the administrative staff at the mental health care setting to formulate policies and procedures, develop annual and ongoing program plans, design training programs for the staff, and perform research or special projects to study the mental health program for modification or enhancement. Provides technical orientation and in-service training in psychological principles related to crisis intervention, traditional counseling practices, and techniques of behavioral modification. Assigns cases and work projects to treatment staff, taking into consideration staff capabilities and the nature of clients' mental health status. Evaluates and screens client referrals and walk-ins by interviewing client to obtain family social, medical, work and mental health treatment history and making an assessment of the clients' mental and physical stability, memory, and emotional state. Establishes a tentative Client Care Coordination Plan designed to address the client's mental or emotional problem, which may include individual, group, or family counseling; referral to a psychiatrist, psychologist, vocational rehabilitation counselor, or social worker; referral to a psychiatrist or nurse practitioner for medication; or referral to another agency. Administers psychotropic medication, monitors drug effectiveness and side effects; and provides drug education to clients and clients' families. Provides mental health consultation services to community agencies to advise on the utilization of mental health principles in connection with the treatment of mental health problems dealt with by the agency. Participates in continuing education and training to maintain mental health nursing and administrative and supervisory skills. Performs field-based psychiatric evaluations to determine danger to self/others resulting from a mental disorder or grave disability and completion of 5150/5585 applications for involuntary detention at a hospital facility. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: Option I : One year of experience as a Mental Health Counselor, RN* in the service of Los Angeles County. Option II : A Bachelor's degree** in nursing from an accredited*** college or university with specialty coursework in psychiatric nursing**** -- AND-- three (3) years of full-time post -bachelor's degree experience in psychiatric nursing. Option III : A Master's degree** in psychiatric nursing from an accredited*** college or university --AND-- two (2) years' experience**** of full-time post -Master's degree in psychiatric nursing. LICENSE: A copy of a current, active, valid, and unrestricted Registered Nurse license issued by the State of California Board of Registered Nursing must be submitted at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days from the time of application submission . A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. PHYSICAL CLASS II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS Credit will be given to applicants who possess the following desirable qualifications: Experience in writing applications for further evaluation due to danger to self or others. Clinical experience in working with clients with multiple diagnoses including substance abuse and/or homelessness. Additional Information *Option I - Applicants must have County status in the class as evidence by holding or having held the Mental Health Counselor, RN payroll title for the required number of time or more. No Out-of-Class experience will be accepted. ** Degree(s) and/or Official Transcript must indicate the required specialized field in order to be evaluated. A legible copy of the official diploma, transcripts, official letter, evaluation report of a transcript showing the completion of the required psychiatric nursing coursework with the corresponding unit credits must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing. Official Transcripts or Official Letter are defined as transcript or letter that bears the college seal and states \"official and/or copy\" issued by the schools Registrar Office. A printout of the transcript from the school's website is NOT considered official and will not be accepted which may result in your application being rejected. An evaluation report of a transcript is defined as a report issued an academic credential evaluation agency recognized by the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) of the United States. A transcript submitted that is expressed in a language other than English will NOT be accepted and may result in your application being rejected. *** Accredited institutions are those listed in the publications of regional, national or international accrediting agencies which are accepted by the Department of Human Resources. Publications such as American Universities and Colleges and appropriate, are degrees that have been evaluated and deemed to be equivalent to degrees from the United States accredited institutions by an academic credential evaluation agency recognized by The National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) . **Option II - Specialty coursework in psychiatric nursing: A legible copy of official transcripts showing completion of the required psychiatric nursing coursework with the corresponding unit credits must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing . Psychiatric nursing coursework MUST be taken at the Bachelor's degree level and must be included in the Bachelor's degree transcript. No Out-of-Class experience will be accepted. ***Option III - Master degree in psychiatric nursing. A legible copy of the diploma or official transcript must show the concentration of psychiatric nursing. In order to receive credit a copy of diploma or official transcript must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing . No Out-of-Class experience will be accepted. ****Applicants whose qualifying experience had been acquired outside of California must provide their registered nurse license information from that state in the License Information section of the application and submit a copy of the license at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days from the date of application submission. Experience claimed without the required evidence of licensure will be not considered. SPECIAL INFORMATION Past and present mental health clients and their family members who meet the selection requirements are encouraged to apply. The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, you will not be asked to provide information about a conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. The County will make an individualized assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of the offense(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, any convictions or court records which are exempted by a valid court order do not have to be disclosed. Appointees may be required to work any shift, including evenings, nights, weekends and holidays. AVAILABLE SHIFT: Please note this position will be required to work a 12 hour night shift schedule. The shift will be from 6:00 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. work schedule. EXAMINATION CONTENT This examination will consist of an evaluation of education and experience based on information listed on the online application and desirable qualifications at the time of filing weighted 100%. Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher in order to be placed on the eligible register. VACANCY INFORMATION The eligible register for this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the Department of Mental Health. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of promulgation. Retake: No person may compete in this examination more than once every twelve months. Applications will be processed on an \"as-received\" basis and those receiving a passing score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION Applicants are required to complete and submit an online Los Angeles County Employment Application AND Supplemental Questionnaire in order to be considered for this examination. Paper applications, resumes, or any unsolicited documents will not be accepted in lieu of completing the online application and Supplemental Questionnaire. Applicants must submit their applications by 5:00 pm, PST, on the last day of filing . INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING ONLINE Apply online by clicking on the green \"Apply\" button at the top right of this posting. Clear and legible copies of the required documents (e.g. Diploma, Official Transcripts, License) must be uploaded as attachments during application submission --or -- by email to exams@dmh.lacounty.gov within 15 calendar days from date of application submission. Indicate the Exam Title on the subject line when sending required documents by email. The acceptance of your application will depend on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the Selection Requirements. Your online application must show complete license, education and work experience information necessary to evaluate your qualifications. License information section must show title of license, license number, original date of issue, and expiration date. Education information section must include name and address of school attended, complete dates attended, name of course/s taken, number of units earned, and degree/s earned. Work experience section must include job title, employer name and address, name of work area/facility, actual payroll title held and not the working and/or functional titles, from/to dates of employment including month, day and year, total number of months, total number of hours worked per week - not a range of hours (full or part-time), and complete and detailed description of related job duties. If range of hours is provided, experience will be prorated based on the lowest number of hours worked per week. LIST separately each job experience to be evaluated. All information is subject to verification. Applicants may be rejected at any stage of the selection process. For the time being, all notifications, including results letters and notices of non-acceptance, will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that you provide a valid email address. Please add exams@dmh.lacounty.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address and list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk/clutter mail. Applicants have the ability to opt out of emails from LA County. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive any email notification for any examination for which you apply with Los Angeles County. Regardless of whether you choose to unsubscribe, you can always check for notifications by logging into governmentjobs.com and viewing your profile inbox, which saves a copy of all emailed notices. IMPORTANT NOTES: All information is subject to verification. Applications may be rejected at any stage of the selection process. Utilizing VERBIAGE from class specifications and Selection Requirement serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED . SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. NO SHARING USER ID AND PASSWORD All applicants must file their applications online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. DEPARTMENT CONTACT HR Examinations Unit: (213) 972-7034 HR Examinations Unit Email: exams@dmh.lacounty.gov Analyst Contact Phone: Irene San, 213-972-7037 Analyst Contact Email: isan@dmh.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator Phone 213-972-7034 Teletype Phone 800-735-2922 California Relay Services Phone 800-735-2922 Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeEXAM NUMBER: b5280O JOB TYPE : OPEN COMPETITIVE JOB OPPORTUNITY FILING START DATE: 10/23/2020 This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. POSITION DEFINITION: Supervises primary providers of mental health nursing services to individuals, families, and groups in a range of mental health care settings. CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS: Positions allocable to this supervisory class are assigned to a service area mental health setting and work under the technical and administrative direction of a clinical program manager or higher-level nurse or psychiatrist. Within scope-of-practice guidelines, positions supervise members of a multidisciplinary team that provides mental health services to clients and families and consultative services to community agencies. May also function as primary providers of psychiatric mental health nursing services and carry a caseload. Positions are also responsible for performing administrative functions for a mental health clinic or program. Incumbents function within agency guidelines and professional standards that require specialized knowledge of and experience in the application of principles of mental health services in the community, crisis and therapeutic intervention, and physical health care; and general knowledge of and experience in the application of agency philosophy, policies, and procedures. Essential Job Functions Performs administrative functions that include, but are not limited to, interviewing candidates for clinical and support staff positions and making recommendations for hire, preparing annual performance evaluations for subordinate staff, and counseling multi-disciplinary staff with respect to client services and/or agency problems. Participates as a member of the administrative staff at the mental health care setting to formulate policies and procedures, develop annual and ongoing program plans, design training programs for the staff, and perform research or special projects to study the mental health program for modification or enhancement. Provides technical orientation and in-service training in psychological principles related to crisis intervention, traditional counseling practices, and techniques of behavioral modification. Assigns cases and work projects to treatment staff, taking into consideration staff capabilities and the nature of clients' mental health status. Evaluates and screens client referrals and walk-ins by interviewing client to obtain family social, medical, work and mental health treatment history and making an assessment of the clients' mental and physical stability, memory, and emotional state. Establishes a tentative Client Care Coordination Plan designed to address the client's mental or emotional problem, which may include individual, group, or family counseling; referral to a psychiatrist, psychologist, vocational rehabilitation counselor, or social worker; referral to a psychiatrist or nurse practitioner for medication; or referral to another agency. Administers psychotropic medication, monitors drug effectiveness and side effects; and provides drug education to clients and clients' families. Provides mental health consultation services to community agencies to advise on the utilization of mental health principles in connection with the treatment of mental health problems dealt with by the agency. Participates in continuing education and training to maintain mental health nursing and administrative and supervisory skills. Performs field-based psychiatric evaluations to determine danger to self/others resulting from a mental disorder or grave disability and completion of 5150/5585 applications for involuntary detention at a hospital facility. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: Option I : One year of experience as a Mental Health Counselor, RN* in the service of Los Angeles County. Option II : A Bachelor's degree** in nursing from an accredited*** college or university with specialty coursework in psychiatric nursing**** -- AND-- three (3) years of full-time post -bachelor's degree experience in psychiatric nursing. Option III : A Master's degree** in psychiatric nursing from an accredited*** college or university --AND-- two (2) years' experience**** of full-time post -Master's degree in psychiatric nursing. LICENSE: A copy of a current, active, valid, and unrestricted Registered Nurse license issued by the State of California Board of Registered Nursing must be submitted at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days from the time of application submission . A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. PHYSICAL CLASS II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS Credit will be given to applicants who possess the following desirable qualifications: Experience in writing applications for further evaluation due to danger to self or others. Clinical experience in working with clients with multiple diagnoses including substance abuse and/or homelessness. Additional Information *Option I - Applicants must have County status in the class as evidence by holding or having held the Mental Health Counselor, RN payroll title for the required number of time or more. No Out-of-Class experience will be accepted. ** Degree(s) and/or Official Transcript must indicate the required specialized field in order to be evaluated. A legible copy of the official diploma, transcripts, official letter, evaluation report of a transcript showing the completion of the required psychiatric nursing coursework with the corresponding unit credits must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing. Official Transcripts or Official Letter are defined as transcript or letter that bears the college seal and states \"official and/or copy\" issued by the schools Registrar Office. A printout of the transcript from the school's website is NOT considered official and will not be accepted which may result in your application being rejected. An evaluation report of a transcript is defined as a report issued an academic credential evaluation agency recognized by the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) of the United States. A transcript submitted that is expressed in a language other than English will NOT be accepted and may result in your application being rejected. *** Accredited institutions are those listed in the publications of regional, national or international accrediting agencies which are accepted by the Department of Human Resources. Publications such as American Universities and Colleges and appropriate, are degrees that have been evaluated and deemed to be equivalent to degrees from the United States accredited institutions by an academic credential evaluation agency recognized by The National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) . **Option II - Specialty coursework in psychiatric nursing: A legible copy of official transcripts showing completion of the required psychiatric nursing coursework with the corresponding unit credits must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing . Psychiatric nursing coursework MUST be taken at the Bachelor's degree level and must be included in the Bachelor's degree transcript. No Out-of-Class experience will be accepted. ***Option III - Master degree in psychiatric nursing. A legible copy of the diploma or official transcript must show the concentration of psychiatric nursing. In order to receive credit a copy of diploma or official transcript must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing . No Out-of-Class experience will be accepted. ****Applicants whose qualifying experience had been acquired outside of California must provide their registered nurse license information from that state in the License Information section of the application and submit a copy of the license at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days from the date of application submission. Experience claimed without the required evidence of licensure will be not considered. SPECIAL INFORMATION Past and present mental health clients and their family members who meet the selection requirements are encouraged to apply. The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, you will not be asked to provide information about a conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. The County will make an individualized assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of the offense(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, any convictions or court records which are exempted by a valid court order do not have to be disclosed. Appointees may be required to work any shift, including evenings, nights, weekends and holidays. AVAILABLE SHIFT: Please note this position will be required to work a 12 hour night shift schedule. The shift will be from 6:00 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. work schedule. EXAMINATION CONTENT This examination will consist of an evaluation of education and experience based on information listed on the online application and desirable qualifications at the time of filing weighted 100%. Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher in order to be placed on the eligible register. VACANCY INFORMATION The eligible register for this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the Department of Mental Health. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of promulgation. Retake: No person may compete in this examination more than once every twelve months. Applications will be processed on an \"as-received\" basis and those receiving a passing score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION Applicants are required to complete and submit an online Los Angeles County Employment Application AND Supplemental Questionnaire in order to be considered for this examination. Paper applications, resumes, or any unsolicited documents will not be accepted in lieu of completing the online application and Supplemental Questionnaire. Applicants must submit their applications by 5:00 pm, PST, on the last day of filing . INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING ONLINE Apply online by clicking on the green \"Apply\" button at the top right of this posting. Clear and legible copies of the required documents (e.g. Diploma, Official Transcripts, License) must be uploaded as attachments during application submission --or -- by email to exams@dmh.lacounty.gov within 15 calendar days from date of application submission. Indicate the Exam Title on the subject line when sending required documents by email. The acceptance of your application will depend on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the Selection Requirements. Your online application must show complete license, education and work experience information necessary to evaluate your qualifications. License information section must show title of license, license number, original date of issue, and expiration date. Education information section must include name and address of school attended, complete dates attended, name of course/s taken, number of units earned, and degree/s earned. Work experience section must include job title, employer name and address, name of work area/facility, actual payroll title held and not the working and/or functional titles, from/to dates of employment including month, day and year, total number of months, total number of hours worked per week - not a range of hours (full or part-time), and complete and detailed description of related job duties. If range of hours is provided, experience will be prorated based on the lowest number of hours worked per week. LIST separately each job experience to be evaluated. All information is subject to verification. Applicants may be rejected at any stage of the selection process. For the time being, all notifications, including results letters and notices of non-acceptance, will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that you provide a valid email address. Please add exams@dmh.lacounty.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address and list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk/clutter mail. Applicants have the ability to opt out of emails from LA County. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive any email notification for any examination for which you apply with Los Angeles County. Regardless of whether you choose to unsubscribe, you can always check for notifications by logging into governmentjobs.com and viewing your profile inbox, which saves a copy of all emailed notices. IMPORTANT NOTES: All information is subject to verification. Applications may be rejected at any stage of the selection process. Utilizing VERBIAGE from class specifications and Selection Requirement serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED . SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. NO SHARING USER ID AND PASSWORD All applicants must file their applications online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. DEPARTMENT CONTACT HR Examinations Unit: (213) 972-7034 HR Examinations Unit Email: exams@dmh.lacounty.gov Analyst Contact Phone: Irene San, 213-972-7037 Analyst Contact Email: isan@dmh.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator Phone 213-972-7034 Teletype Phone 800-735-2922 California Relay Services Phone 800-735-2922 Closing Date/Time:Psychiatric Social Worker IIMonterey County Human Resources Salinas, California, United StatesPosition Description Open Date: March 6, 2020 Final Filing Date: Continuous Exam # 20/60B21/03KK SUMMARY OF POSITION The Monterey County Health Department , Behavioral Health Bureau is seeking enthusiastic Licensed Clinical Social Workers (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) candidates to work as part of care teams serving children, youth and adults as a Psychiatric Social Worker II. The Psychiatric Social Worker II is the advanced level position for the Psychiatric Social Worker series. Candidates appointed to the Psychiatric Social Worker II level are expected to perform high quality psychiatric assessments, diagnosis and clinical interventions in inpatient and community settings to children, adolescents, and adults. The Behavioral Health Bureau is a progressive agency that serves children, youth, adults and their families with System of Care values of being community based, culturally relevant, client and family centered and using clinical evidence based practices to support clients in the wellness and recovery of their mental illness. Children's System of Care provides an array of clinical services from age's birth to 25 years of age and their families. Clinical teams include Early Childhood Services, Transition Age Youth, Post Hospitalization Support, as well clinical teams that partner with Child Welfare, Education and Juvenile Probation. Adult System of Care provides a wide range of comprehensive integrated care to adults with serious mental illness, co-occurring substance use, primary care and other complex issues. Embracing the values and goals of wellness and recovery, the multi-disciplinary teams work together to provide the following types of services; i.e. psycho-social rehabilitation, strength-based case management, crisis intervention, supported employment, supported housing, substance use recovery, family support and community integration. Clinical teams include outpatient care coordination in Marina and Salinas; forensic services, and the mental health unit. Access to Treatment provides an array of clinical services for all ages and their families. Clinical services include assessment, intervention, individual and group services. Linkage and referral to community resources and Children and Adult systems of care. Crisis Team: The ED Crisis Team is responsible for psychiatric evaluations of clients in the Emergency Department and assisting to determine the appropriate level of care for those patients; which may include 5150, outpatient treatment or placement in another facility. The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following knowledge, skills and abilities: Knowledge of: Current philosophy, principles, and practices for services to clients with serious mental illness or severe emotional disturbance. Individual, group and family psychodynamics as they relate to adults or children. Psychological diagnostic methods and terminology. Personality development from infancy through adulthood. Public Mental Health Policy and Welfare and Institutions Codes that provides guidelines for human and health services systems in the County. Community resources available to consumers for linkage. Skill and Ability to: Provide treatment to adults, children or adolescents with various mental disabilities ranging from serious mental illness to dysfunctional behavior patterns including victims of sexual and physical abuse. Provide services utilizing evidence-based practice skills. Lead treatment planning meetings for clinical staff. In conjunction with the consumer, develop realistic, attainable and measurable service plans and facilitate their attainment. Evaluate the degree of community functioning and/or emotional distress of consumers. Communicate effectively orally and in writing and be able to complete work using electronic format. Ensure time sensitive documentation submitted with established guidelines. Provide consultation and mentor staff on best practices. Provide consultation and technical assistance to agencies, schools, and other organizations. Work collaboratively within a multi-disciplinary team. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Demonstrate cultural humility Demonstrate a solid understanding of mental health disorders and treatment Demonstrate an understanding of substance use disorders and treatment Strong application of diagnostic skills using DSM 5 Strong ability to apply and utilize evidence-based and best-practice interventions Strong assessment skills Develop and maintain positive partnerships within the agency and in the community Demonstrate ability to identify treatment needs and work collaboratively with other team members Ability to be flexible Develop and maintain positive relationships with community partners Commitment to integrity, respect, innovation, health equity, and excellence Examples of Experience/Education/Training EXAMPLES OF EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION/TRAINING : The skills necessary may be acquired through various types of education, training, and/or experience, typically: Education: Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE) Required Conditions of Employment: The Health Department will conduct a thorough background and reference check process which includes a Department of Justice fingerprint check. Possess and maintain a valid California Class C Driver's License with a satisfactory driving record or ability to provide suitable transportation approved by the appointing authority. Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE). In accordance with HIPPAA, incumbent must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI). Comply with the California licensure requirements as outlined by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Pursuant to Section 5751.2 of the Welfare and Institutions Code, possession of any one of the following: Possession of a current California License as a Clinical Social Worker, Licensed Marriage Family Child Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Psychologist For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B21.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES TO APPLY : Submit the following to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906 Monterey County Employment Application form Responses to the Supplemental Questions Or apply on-line at https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/find-a-job Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions are not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration. Resumes may be submitted in addition to, but will not be accepted in lieu of, required application materials . Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess applicant's possession of required qualifications, this examination may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination. For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519. SPECIAL NOTES: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodations, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at 831-755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the United States. If you are hired into this classification in a temporary position, your salary will be hourly and you will not be eligible for the benefits listed below. BENEFITS: The County offers an excellent benefits package (Unit K) The County of Monterey offers a premium benefit package that includes 22 days of annual leave; 11 paid public holidays per year; health, dental, vision; life insurance; and CalPERS retirement. For more benefits information please contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519 See the Unit K Benefit Summary sheet at https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/benefits/benefit-summary-sheet for more information. The information listed above is a general summary of benefits for this position. This information is not legally binding, nor does it serve as a contract. The benefits listed in the Monterey County Personnel Policies and Practices Resolution and any applicable Memoranda of Understanding prevail over this listing. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Full TimePosition Description Open Date: March 6, 2020 Final Filing Date: Continuous Exam # 20/60B21/03KK SUMMARY OF POSITION The Monterey County Health Department , Behavioral Health Bureau is seeking enthusiastic Licensed Clinical Social Workers (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) candidates to work as part of care teams serving children, youth and adults as a Psychiatric Social Worker II. The Psychiatric Social Worker II is the advanced level position for the Psychiatric Social Worker series. Candidates appointed to the Psychiatric Social Worker II level are expected to perform high quality psychiatric assessments, diagnosis and clinical interventions in inpatient and community settings to children, adolescents, and adults. The Behavioral Health Bureau is a progressive agency that serves children, youth, adults and their families with System of Care values of being community based, culturally relevant, client and family centered and using clinical evidence based practices to support clients in the wellness and recovery of their mental illness. Children's System of Care provides an array of clinical services from age's birth to 25 years of age and their families. Clinical teams include Early Childhood Services, Transition Age Youth, Post Hospitalization Support, as well clinical teams that partner with Child Welfare, Education and Juvenile Probation. Adult System of Care provides a wide range of comprehensive integrated care to adults with serious mental illness, co-occurring substance use, primary care and other complex issues. Embracing the values and goals of wellness and recovery, the multi-disciplinary teams work together to provide the following types of services; i.e. psycho-social rehabilitation, strength-based case management, crisis intervention, supported employment, supported housing, substance use recovery, family support and community integration. Clinical teams include outpatient care coordination in Marina and Salinas; forensic services, and the mental health unit. Access to Treatment provides an array of clinical services for all ages and their families. Clinical services include assessment, intervention, individual and group services. Linkage and referral to community resources and Children and Adult systems of care. Crisis Team: The ED Crisis Team is responsible for psychiatric evaluations of clients in the Emergency Department and assisting to determine the appropriate level of care for those patients; which may include 5150, outpatient treatment or placement in another facility. The Eligible List established by this recruitment process will be used to fill current and future vacancies, both regular and temporary, as they arise. Examples of Duties THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Will have a proven track record demonstrating the following knowledge, skills and abilities: Knowledge of: Current philosophy, principles, and practices for services to clients with serious mental illness or severe emotional disturbance. Individual, group and family psychodynamics as they relate to adults or children. Psychological diagnostic methods and terminology. Personality development from infancy through adulthood. Public Mental Health Policy and Welfare and Institutions Codes that provides guidelines for human and health services systems in the County. Community resources available to consumers for linkage. Skill and Ability to: Provide treatment to adults, children or adolescents with various mental disabilities ranging from serious mental illness to dysfunctional behavior patterns including victims of sexual and physical abuse. Provide services utilizing evidence-based practice skills. Lead treatment planning meetings for clinical staff. In conjunction with the consumer, develop realistic, attainable and measurable service plans and facilitate their attainment. Evaluate the degree of community functioning and/or emotional distress of consumers. Communicate effectively orally and in writing and be able to complete work using electronic format. Ensure time sensitive documentation submitted with established guidelines. Provide consultation and mentor staff on best practices. Provide consultation and technical assistance to agencies, schools, and other organizations. Work collaboratively within a multi-disciplinary team. Characteristics of the Ideal Candidate: Demonstrate cultural humility Demonstrate a solid understanding of mental health disorders and treatment Demonstrate an understanding of substance use disorders and treatment Strong application of diagnostic skills using DSM 5 Strong ability to apply and utilize evidence-based and best-practice interventions Strong assessment skills Develop and maintain positive partnerships within the agency and in the community Demonstrate ability to identify treatment needs and work collaboratively with other team members Ability to be flexible Develop and maintain positive relationships with community partners Commitment to integrity, respect, innovation, health equity, and excellence Examples of Experience/Education/Training EXAMPLES OF EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION/TRAINING : The skills necessary may be acquired through various types of education, training, and/or experience, typically: Education: Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE) Required Conditions of Employment: The Health Department will conduct a thorough background and reference check process which includes a Department of Justice fingerprint check. Possess and maintain a valid California Class C Driver's License with a satisfactory driving record or ability to provide suitable transportation approved by the appointing authority. Possession of a Master's Degree from an accredited School of Social Work and licensure as a Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Professional Clinical Counselor in the State of California issued by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners (BBSE). In accordance with HIPPAA, incumbent must have applied for or have a National Provider Identifier (NPI). Comply with the California licensure requirements as outlined by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. Pursuant to Section 5751.2 of the Welfare and Institutions Code, possession of any one of the following: Possession of a current California License as a Clinical Social Worker, Licensed Marriage Family Child Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Psychologist For complete information see the class specification/job description on our website at: https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/pages/hr/class-specs/60B21.pdf Additional Information APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCEDURES TO APPLY : Submit the following to the Monterey County Health Department, Human Resources Division, 1270 Natividad Road, Salinas, CA 93906 Monterey County Employment Application form Responses to the Supplemental Questions Or apply on-line at https://www2.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/find-a-job Please be aware if the application form and responses to supplemental questions are not submitted timely with other required application materials, the application will be removed from further consideration. Resumes may be submitted in addition to, but will not be accepted in lieu of, required application materials . Application materials will be competitively evaluated. Those applicants who are determined to be most appropriately qualified will be invited to participate further in the process. To further assess applicant's possession of required qualifications, this examination may include an oral examination, pre-exam exercise, performance exercise, performance exam, and/or written examination. For more information or to receive application materials, contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519. SPECIAL NOTES: If you believe you possess a disability that would require test accommodations, please call the Health Department Human Resources Office at 831-755-4519. Employment is contingent upon acceptable documentation verifying identity and authorization for employment in the United States. If you are hired into this classification in a temporary position, your salary will be hourly and you will not be eligible for the benefits listed below. BENEFITS: The County offers an excellent benefits package (Unit K) The County of Monterey offers a premium benefit package that includes 22 days of annual leave; 11 paid public holidays per year; health, dental, vision; life insurance; and CalPERS retirement. For more benefits information please contact the Health Department Human Resources Division at 831-755-4519 See the Unit K Benefit Summary sheet at https://www.co.monterey.ca.us/government/departments-a-h/human-resources/human-resources/benefits/benefit-summary-sheet for more information. The information listed above is a general summary of benefits for this position. This information is not legally binding, nor does it serve as a contract. The benefits listed in the Monterey County Personnel Policies and Practices Resolution and any applicable Memoranda of Understanding prevail over this listing. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	Mental Health Program Coordinator II, Juvenile Detention/Treatment Center (South Lake Tahoe)County of El Dorado Placerville, CADescription MENTAL HEALTH PROGRAM COORDINATOR II, JUVENILE DETENTION/TREATMENT CENTER (SOUTH LAKE TAHOE) PROBATION DEPARTMENT The County of El Dorado , Probation Department is committed to providing public safety through collaborative partnerships and innovative practices in Corrections, with accountability and compassion. THE JUVENILE TREATMENT CENTER The Juvenile Treatment Center (JTC) , built in 2004, is a Juvenile Detention Facility constructed to provide secure detention for up to 40 minors. The facility is located in the County of El Dorado Government Center in the city of South Lake Tahoe. The JTC serves the juvenile detention needs of the Probation Department, Superior Court, and law enforcement agencies located in the South Lake Tahoe region of El Dorado County. The primary purpose of the JTC is to provide secure detention for minors coming under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile Court. Although the primary purpose is to provide secure detention, the JTC provides activities and guidance to contribute to each minor's social and personal development to enhance his/her ability to function acceptably in the community. THE OPPORTUNITY Use your knowledge, skills and compassion as licensed counselor, therapist or clinician to offer c ounseling services to minors during detention to assist them in initiating the process of rehabilitation and developing positive life goals. This unique, single position within the Probation Department is used to coordinate the delivery of behavioral health, drug and alcohol and evidenced-based treatment programs in the department's Juvenile Treatment Center (JTC). In this role, you will perform a continual evaluation of programming in the JTC and provide recommendations to management for augmented or amended treatment programs and will train and develop custody and contract staff, educators and facilitators in various programs. As a Mental Health Program Coordinator, you will provide post-licensed direction for mental health programs and staff offering direct services to juveniles in the JTC. Services include case management, psychiatric services, juvenile treatment plans, therapeutic and recreational day treatment, discharge planning and a variety of youth intervention services The selected candidate will have the opportunity to: Work directly with line staff, managers, brief judges, attorney's and parents, and coordinate treatment plans with youth and various probation officers within and outside the County Probation Department. Provide clinical supervision and counseling services to include mental health assessments for suicidal/homicidal youth. Work with and direct the department's efforts in providing direct services in the facility and with the contract psychiatrist to diagnosis and assist in treatment planning, including medications. Assess youth for long term camp placement and family reunification services. Plan, organize, assign, review, evaluate, and direct the work of assigned professional, technical, and support staff. Plan, organize and provide day-to-day direction, training, and work review to volunteers providing similar or related mental health services within the program. Administer specified program area; develop and implement program budgets; administer grant funds and act as liaison and coordinator in all programmatic areas. Identifies and utilizes community resources; develops and trains such resources; makes appropriate referrals for client services. Direct or personally perform group and individual therapy and crisis intervention. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE The ideal candidate for this position will possess post-licensing experience as a mental health therapist, clinician or counselor in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting, jail, juvenile hall or juvenile treatment center and have a passion to work with minors coming under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile Court. Lead or supervisory experience is desirable. Human Resources will assess your application to determine if you are minimally qualified using the following qualifications: Education, Licensing and Experience Requirement: Where college degrees and/or college course credits are required, degrees and college units must be obtained from an accredited college or university. Courses from non-accredited institutions will not be evaluated for this requirement. Licensing Requirements for Mental Health Program Coordinator II: Must possess an appropriate license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, Psychiatrist or Registered Nurse in the State of California. Mental Health Program Coordinator II: In addition to the Master's degree and license listed above, must possess two years of post-licensing experience as a mental health therapist, clinician or counselor in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting. (For employees hired in the class of Mental Health Program Coordinator by El Dorado County on or before March 6, 2000: Must possess a Master's degree as listed above and a license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Clinical Psychologist in the State of California.) Additional Requirements: All Classifications: Must possess a valid driver's license. May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. All incumbents must possess the appropriate clinical license described. Lead or supervisory experience is desirable. Click here to view the minimum qualifications for Mental Health Program Coordinator II, as well as the physical, environmental, and working conditions. SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION Apply online by clicking the 'Apply\" link at the top of this announcement. When your online application and responses to the required supplemental questions are complete, click 'Accept\". If you have any questions regarding this recruitment, contact Elizabeth Sorg in Human Resources at elizabeth.sorg@edcgov.us. RECRUITMENT PROCESS The Human Resources Department will screen all applications to identify qualified candidates. After screening, qualified candidates will be referred to the next step and notified of all further procedures applicable to their status in the recruitment process. Those candidates that meet the minimum qualification review will be asked to complete a Pre-Employment Background Questionnaire and be required to submit that questionnaire within the required 3 day timeframe. Those candidates that pass this screening will be invited to interview with the Probation Department. This job posting will be advertised continuously until this position has been filled and we will have cutoff dates established for interview dates. For more information on the recruitment process, click here . Based on the department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All candidates will be notified of any changes in the selection procedures. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The County of El Dorado is recruiting applicants for Mental Health Program Coordinator IB/II. This recruitment will establish a list for the purpose of filling current and future full time vacancies for at least three (3) months in the Probation Department only. There is currently (1) full time vacancy in the Probation department, Juvenile Treament Center, located in South Lake Tahoe, CA. Click here for Frequently Asked Questions. The County of El Dorado is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Many job classifications require pre-employment medical screening. Depending on the job classification, medical screening may include drug testing, including but not limited to marijuana. A positive test may result in the revocation of an employment offer. Not just rusting mining towns and historic sites - Today El Dorado County is a year-round vacation destination overflowing with outdoor adventure, inviting agritourism locations, enriching family activities, and a proud Gold Rush history. Escape the traffic and smog because El Dorado County is just: 40 miles from Downtown Sacramento 50 miles from Sacramento Airport 129 miles to San Francisco Here are a few of the many activities and events available throughout El Dorado County: Hiking, Camping, Fishing, Boating, and Watersports Skiing and Snowboarding Live Music and Music Festivals Local Craft Breweries and Wineries El Dorado County Fair Placerville Speedway Farm to Fork Restaurants Local Shopping Gems CHECK OUT OUR VIDEO TO LEARN MORE! Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 17, 2020Full TimeDescription MENTAL HEALTH PROGRAM COORDINATOR II, JUVENILE DETENTION/TREATMENT CENTER (SOUTH LAKE TAHOE) PROBATION DEPARTMENT The County of El Dorado , Probation Department is committed to providing public safety through collaborative partnerships and innovative practices in Corrections, with accountability and compassion. THE JUVENILE TREATMENT CENTER The Juvenile Treatment Center (JTC) , built in 2004, is a Juvenile Detention Facility constructed to provide secure detention for up to 40 minors. The facility is located in the County of El Dorado Government Center in the city of South Lake Tahoe. The JTC serves the juvenile detention needs of the Probation Department, Superior Court, and law enforcement agencies located in the South Lake Tahoe region of El Dorado County. The primary purpose of the JTC is to provide secure detention for minors coming under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile Court. Although the primary purpose is to provide secure detention, the JTC provides activities and guidance to contribute to each minor's social and personal development to enhance his/her ability to function acceptably in the community. THE OPPORTUNITY Use your knowledge, skills and compassion as licensed counselor, therapist or clinician to offer c ounseling services to minors during detention to assist them in initiating the process of rehabilitation and developing positive life goals. This unique, single position within the Probation Department is used to coordinate the delivery of behavioral health, drug and alcohol and evidenced-based treatment programs in the department's Juvenile Treatment Center (JTC). In this role, you will perform a continual evaluation of programming in the JTC and provide recommendations to management for augmented or amended treatment programs and will train and develop custody and contract staff, educators and facilitators in various programs. As a Mental Health Program Coordinator, you will provide post-licensed direction for mental health programs and staff offering direct services to juveniles in the JTC. Services include case management, psychiatric services, juvenile treatment plans, therapeutic and recreational day treatment, discharge planning and a variety of youth intervention services The selected candidate will have the opportunity to: Work directly with line staff, managers, brief judges, attorney's and parents, and coordinate treatment plans with youth and various probation officers within and outside the County Probation Department. Provide clinical supervision and counseling services to include mental health assessments for suicidal/homicidal youth. Work with and direct the department's efforts in providing direct services in the facility and with the contract psychiatrist to diagnosis and assist in treatment planning, including medications. Assess youth for long term camp placement and family reunification services. Plan, organize, assign, review, evaluate, and direct the work of assigned professional, technical, and support staff. Plan, organize and provide day-to-day direction, training, and work review to volunteers providing similar or related mental health services within the program. Administer specified program area; develop and implement program budgets; administer grant funds and act as liaison and coordinator in all programmatic areas. Identifies and utilizes community resources; develops and trains such resources; makes appropriate referrals for client services. Direct or personally perform group and individual therapy and crisis intervention. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE The ideal candidate for this position will possess post-licensing experience as a mental health therapist, clinician or counselor in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting, jail, juvenile hall or juvenile treatment center and have a passion to work with minors coming under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile Court. Lead or supervisory experience is desirable. Human Resources will assess your application to determine if you are minimally qualified using the following qualifications: Education, Licensing and Experience Requirement: Where college degrees and/or college course credits are required, degrees and college units must be obtained from an accredited college or university. Courses from non-accredited institutions will not be evaluated for this requirement. Licensing Requirements for Mental Health Program Coordinator II: Must possess an appropriate license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, Psychiatrist or Registered Nurse in the State of California. Mental Health Program Coordinator II: In addition to the Master's degree and license listed above, must possess two years of post-licensing experience as a mental health therapist, clinician or counselor in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting. (For employees hired in the class of Mental Health Program Coordinator by El Dorado County on or before March 6, 2000: Must possess a Master's degree as listed above and a license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, or Clinical Psychologist in the State of California.) Additional Requirements: All Classifications: Must possess a valid driver's license. May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. All incumbents must possess the appropriate clinical license described. Lead or supervisory experience is desirable. Click here to view the minimum qualifications for Mental Health Program Coordinator II, as well as the physical, environmental, and working conditions. SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION Apply online by clicking the 'Apply\" link at the top of this announcement. When your online application and responses to the required supplemental questions are complete, click 'Accept\". If you have any questions regarding this recruitment, contact Elizabeth Sorg in Human Resources at elizabeth.sorg@edcgov.us. RECRUITMENT PROCESS The Human Resources Department will screen all applications to identify qualified candidates. After screening, qualified candidates will be referred to the next step and notified of all further procedures applicable to their status in the recruitment process. Those candidates that meet the minimum qualification review will be asked to complete a Pre-Employment Background Questionnaire and be required to submit that questionnaire within the required 3 day timeframe. Those candidates that pass this screening will be invited to interview with the Probation Department. This job posting will be advertised continuously until this position has been filled and we will have cutoff dates established for interview dates. For more information on the recruitment process, click here . Based on the department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All candidates will be notified of any changes in the selection procedures. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The County of El Dorado is recruiting applicants for Mental Health Program Coordinator IB/II. This recruitment will establish a list for the purpose of filling current and future full time vacancies for at least three (3) months in the Probation Department only. There is currently (1) full time vacancy in the Probation department, Juvenile Treament Center, located in South Lake Tahoe, CA. Click here for Frequently Asked Questions. The County of El Dorado is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Many job classifications require pre-employment medical screening. Depending on the job classification, medical screening may include drug testing, including but not limited to marijuana. A positive test may result in the revocation of an employment offer. Not just rusting mining towns and historic sites - Today El Dorado County is a year-round vacation destination overflowing with outdoor adventure, inviting agritourism locations, enriching family activities, and a proud Gold Rush history. Escape the traffic and smog because El Dorado County is just: 40 miles from Downtown Sacramento 50 miles from Sacramento Airport 129 miles to San Francisco Here are a few of the many activities and events available throughout El Dorado County: Hiking, Camping, Fishing, Boating, and Watersports Skiing and Snowboarding Live Music and Music Festivals Local Craft Breweries and Wineries El Dorado County Fair Placerville Speedway Farm to Fork Restaurants Local Shopping Gems CHECK OUT OUR VIDEO TO LEARN MORE! Closing Date/Time: ContinuousMental Health Clinician IA/IB/IICounty of El Dorado Placerville, CADescription El Dorado County is one of the most beautiful counties in the state of California. You can avoid the valley commute and fog and take in the natural beauty. Check out our video to learn more! ELEVATE TO EL DORADO The County of El Dorado is recruiting applicants for Mental Health Clinician IA/IB/II. This recruitment will establish a list for the purpose of filling current and future full time, part time and extra help vacancies for at least three (3) months. We currently have the following vacancies: One (1) full time vacancy in the Health and Human Services Agency, Substance Use Disorder Services Program, located in South Lake Tahoe, Ca. California certification as an SUD Counselor is preferred but not mandatory for this position. Three (3) full time vacancies in the Health and Human Services Agency, FSP, Outpatient, and Access programs, located in Placerville, Ca, One (1) full time vacancy in the Health and Human Services Agency, Behavioral Health Division located in South Lake Tahoe, CA. Two (2) extra help vacancies in the Health and Human Services Agency, Behavioral Health Division located in South Lake Tahoe, CA. Extra help vacancies are made to maintain adequate coverage of work for short periods of time at frequent intervals, where employment is of a recurrent nature depending on the needs of the Agency; work may be seasonal, on-call, and/or for a limited duration. A training and experience evaluation may be utilized to determine an applicant's ranking for referral to specific vacancies. Based upon the information in the application and/or responses to supplemental questions, the applicant's education, training and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Supplemental questions play an integral role in this recruitment process. Please take the time to provide thoughtful and thorough responses. The information you provide may be used to determine your ranking for referral to specific vacancies. All work experience that is described or included in your response(s) MUST be included in the \"Work Experience\" section of your application. Do not refer to a resume or other documentation. Many job classifications require a pre-employment medical screening. Depending on the job classification, medical screening may include testing for drugs, including but not limited to marijuana; a positive test may result in revocation of an employment offer. DEFINITION: Under general supervision, has responsibility for a psychiatric caseload involving both children and adults; performs psychotherapeutic counseling, including individual, group, family and other approved techniques; and provides outreach, and emergency services and counseling in crisis situations. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS: Mental Health Clinician IA is the entry level in this professional mental health series, providing mental health casework and psychotherapeutic support to clients. Initially under close supervision, incumbents are assigned more routine client casework and support duties while learning County policies and procedures. Incumbents may advance to Mental Health Clinician IB after gaining experience, demonstrating proficiency which meets the qualifications of the higher level class, and obtaining an appropriate license. Mental Health Clinician IB is the journey level licensed class of the series, fully competent to perform psychotherapeutic support and effective casework management for assigned clients in both in-patient and out-patient long-term or crisis situations. Incumbents are expected to provide required intern supervision for those completing student internships within the County Mental Health Department. Mental Health Clinician II, in addition to providing licensed journey level psychotherapeutic support and casework management, incumbents are expected to provide required intern supervision for those completing both pre- and post-masters and doctoral level internships within the County Mental Health Department. This class is distinguished from Senior Mental Health Clinician in that the latter is the lead class in this professional series providing direction, consultation, and review for assigned therapists and support staff, and handling the more complex casework assignments, including psychological testing and assessment. Examples of Essential Functions Evaluates patients in a variety of in- and out-patient settings including Juvenile Hall, County Jail, County Mental Health offices, hospital emergency and other settings; obtains a patient history and mental status exam. Receives and responds to emergency calls, walk-ins, and field contacts; provides evaluation and diagnosis of patients and makes appropriate referrals for support services. Makes presentations of physical and mental condition findings to on-call psychiatrist who determines if medication should be prescribed; observes and reports adverse medication effects. Consults with and serves as a liaison with community agencies and other mental health programs and services to evaluate community health needs and services. Provides individual or group therapy using a variety of counseling techniques and modalities; provides psychotherapy to chronically mentally ill persons who need periodic maintenance appointments, and brief therapy for clients experiencing situational-type problems. Provides case management services to severely mentally ill including out of home placements; determines suitability of treatment facilities or prospective foster parents based upon an analysis of individual psycho-social needs. Participates as a member of a multi-disciplinary treatment team providing critical clinical input related to patient diagnosis and recommended treatment plans; participates in case conferences and consults with psychiatric staff to review patient cases and resolve difficult therapeutic problems. Evaluates clients for voluntary and involuntary commitment; signs commitments for clients requiring hospitalization. Participates as a member of a multi-disciplinary treatment team providing consultation to school and adult programs; performs program planning to develop and implement services appropriate to assisting both child and adult psychiatric patients. Performs detailed patient record documentation and maintains caseload records; prepares intake and discharge summaries, progress notes and treatment reviews. Consults with staff of residential facilities and public/private conservators regarding mental health clients; assists other staff, community agencies and conservators in treatment plan implementation. Conducts clinical case conferences with licensed and non-licensed staff to evaluate case progress; provides consultative direction to staff as necessary; develops staff awareness and skills; provides information and training on the latest service techniques. Provides direction, training and chart auditing for assigned student interns; participates in training and quality assurance/peer review functions. Attendance and punctuality that is observant of scheduled hours on a regular basis. Performs related work as assigned. Education & Experience Requirements (typing \"See Resume\" in application will not be accepted) Where college degrees and/or college course credits are required, degrees and college units must be obtained from an accredited college or university. Courses from non-accredited institutions will not be evaluated for this requirement. Mental Health Clinician IA: Education: Equivalent to possession of a Master's degree from an accredited university or college with major coursework in social work, marriage and family counseling, psychology, psychiatric nursing, or a related field -AND- Experience: One (1) year of professional level counseling/therapy experience in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting. Applicants must be a registered intern or eligible to register as an intern in the State of California at the time of appointment. Mental Health Clinician IB: Experience: In addition to the Master's degree listed above, must possess an appropriate license as described in Other Requirements. Mental Health Clinician II: Experience: In addition to the Master's degree and license listed above, two years of post-licensing experience as a mental health therapist, clinician or counselor in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting.(For employees hired in the class of Mental Health Clinician by El Dorado County on or before March 6, 2000: Must possess a Master's degree as listed above and a license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Registered Nurse, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, or Psychiatrist in the State of California.) Other Requirements: All Classifications: Must possess a valid driver's license. May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. All incumbents must possess the appropriate clinical license described below within five years of employment. Mental Health Clinician IA Must either be eligible to obtain an appropriate license and/or waiver under the provisions of Welfare and Institutions Code Section 5751.2 to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, or Psychiatrist in the State of California, or must be licensed as a Registered Nurse. Mental Health Clinician IB/II: Must possess an appropriate license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, Psychiatrist or Registered Nurse in the State of California. Knowledge of: Principles and practices of clinical casework. Principles and methods of conducting clinical interviews for diagnosing mental health clients. Social, psychological and physical causes of mental disorders and chemical dependency. General psychiatric emergency intervention and diagnosis and brief and long-term therapy methods. Theories, principles and techniques of group and individual therapy. Principles of adult and child psychology. Theories of human behavior and personality development. Laws and regulations related to patient's rights, grievance procedures, voluntary or involuntary treatment and commitment for treatment including criteria for commitment. Community resources and agencies providing support services for the mentally ill or disabled. Medical recordkeeping and documentation, including patient charting. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, seclusion and restraint philosophy. Skill in: Planning, developing and implementing comprehensive treatment plans, programs and services. Conducting group and individual therapy for mental health clients. Conducting mental health education and training programs. Presenting patient history and behavioral impressions to psychiatric staff for further review. Preparing detailed case summaries and documentation, and maintaining accurate client records in compliance with local, state and federal rules and regulations. Protecting client's rights and maintaining confidentiality of information. Coordinating emergency psychiatric support service efforts with appropriate County, community, hospital and other involved agencies. Providing direction, clinical supervision and training to interns and volunteers. Ability to: Assess client mental status and make accurate evaluations and effective treatment referrals to providers of social, medical and/or other specialized services. Analyze crisis situations and determine appropriate courses of action. Interpret and implement complex regulations and policies governing mental health treatment processes. Establish effective therapeutic relationships with clients from a wide range of socio-economic, cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Evaluate patients for medication needs and reactions. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with other therapists, County staff, referral agencies, physicians and the public. Other Requirements ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL DEMANDS The conditions herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. Environment: Work is primarily performed indoors which may include a hospital, mental health, County Jail, Juvenile Institutions, or standard office setting. Physical: Primary functions require sufficient physical ability to work in an office setting and operate office equipment; vision in the normal visual range with or without correction sufficient to read computer screens and printed documents and to operate equipment; hear in the normal audio range with or without correction. Frequent sitting; fine finger dexterity of both hands. Occasional standing, walking; wrist and arm motions and upward/downward flexion of neck, ability to grasp and hold. Infrequent climbing, running, jumping, reaching and bending; lifting, carrying or pushing objects that weigh up to 15 lbs. or more. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Full TimeDescription El Dorado County is one of the most beautiful counties in the state of California. You can avoid the valley commute and fog and take in the natural beauty. Check out our video to learn more! ELEVATE TO EL DORADO The County of El Dorado is recruiting applicants for Mental Health Clinician IA/IB/II. This recruitment will establish a list for the purpose of filling current and future full time, part time and extra help vacancies for at least three (3) months. We currently have the following vacancies: One (1) full time vacancy in the Health and Human Services Agency, Substance Use Disorder Services Program, located in South Lake Tahoe, Ca. California certification as an SUD Counselor is preferred but not mandatory for this position. Three (3) full time vacancies in the Health and Human Services Agency, FSP, Outpatient, and Access programs, located in Placerville, Ca, One (1) full time vacancy in the Health and Human Services Agency, Behavioral Health Division located in South Lake Tahoe, CA. Two (2) extra help vacancies in the Health and Human Services Agency, Behavioral Health Division located in South Lake Tahoe, CA. Extra help vacancies are made to maintain adequate coverage of work for short periods of time at frequent intervals, where employment is of a recurrent nature depending on the needs of the Agency; work may be seasonal, on-call, and/or for a limited duration. A training and experience evaluation may be utilized to determine an applicant's ranking for referral to specific vacancies. Based upon the information in the application and/or responses to supplemental questions, the applicant's education, training and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Supplemental questions play an integral role in this recruitment process. Please take the time to provide thoughtful and thorough responses. The information you provide may be used to determine your ranking for referral to specific vacancies. All work experience that is described or included in your response(s) MUST be included in the \"Work Experience\" section of your application. Do not refer to a resume or other documentation. Many job classifications require a pre-employment medical screening. Depending on the job classification, medical screening may include testing for drugs, including but not limited to marijuana; a positive test may result in revocation of an employment offer. DEFINITION: Under general supervision, has responsibility for a psychiatric caseload involving both children and adults; performs psychotherapeutic counseling, including individual, group, family and other approved techniques; and provides outreach, and emergency services and counseling in crisis situations. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS: Mental Health Clinician IA is the entry level in this professional mental health series, providing mental health casework and psychotherapeutic support to clients. Initially under close supervision, incumbents are assigned more routine client casework and support duties while learning County policies and procedures. Incumbents may advance to Mental Health Clinician IB after gaining experience, demonstrating proficiency which meets the qualifications of the higher level class, and obtaining an appropriate license. Mental Health Clinician IB is the journey level licensed class of the series, fully competent to perform psychotherapeutic support and effective casework management for assigned clients in both in-patient and out-patient long-term or crisis situations. Incumbents are expected to provide required intern supervision for those completing student internships within the County Mental Health Department. Mental Health Clinician II, in addition to providing licensed journey level psychotherapeutic support and casework management, incumbents are expected to provide required intern supervision for those completing both pre- and post-masters and doctoral level internships within the County Mental Health Department. This class is distinguished from Senior Mental Health Clinician in that the latter is the lead class in this professional series providing direction, consultation, and review for assigned therapists and support staff, and handling the more complex casework assignments, including psychological testing and assessment. Examples of Essential Functions Evaluates patients in a variety of in- and out-patient settings including Juvenile Hall, County Jail, County Mental Health offices, hospital emergency and other settings; obtains a patient history and mental status exam. Receives and responds to emergency calls, walk-ins, and field contacts; provides evaluation and diagnosis of patients and makes appropriate referrals for support services. Makes presentations of physical and mental condition findings to on-call psychiatrist who determines if medication should be prescribed; observes and reports adverse medication effects. Consults with and serves as a liaison with community agencies and other mental health programs and services to evaluate community health needs and services. Provides individual or group therapy using a variety of counseling techniques and modalities; provides psychotherapy to chronically mentally ill persons who need periodic maintenance appointments, and brief therapy for clients experiencing situational-type problems. Provides case management services to severely mentally ill including out of home placements; determines suitability of treatment facilities or prospective foster parents based upon an analysis of individual psycho-social needs. Participates as a member of a multi-disciplinary treatment team providing critical clinical input related to patient diagnosis and recommended treatment plans; participates in case conferences and consults with psychiatric staff to review patient cases and resolve difficult therapeutic problems. Evaluates clients for voluntary and involuntary commitment; signs commitments for clients requiring hospitalization. Participates as a member of a multi-disciplinary treatment team providing consultation to school and adult programs; performs program planning to develop and implement services appropriate to assisting both child and adult psychiatric patients. Performs detailed patient record documentation and maintains caseload records; prepares intake and discharge summaries, progress notes and treatment reviews. Consults with staff of residential facilities and public/private conservators regarding mental health clients; assists other staff, community agencies and conservators in treatment plan implementation. Conducts clinical case conferences with licensed and non-licensed staff to evaluate case progress; provides consultative direction to staff as necessary; develops staff awareness and skills; provides information and training on the latest service techniques. Provides direction, training and chart auditing for assigned student interns; participates in training and quality assurance/peer review functions. Attendance and punctuality that is observant of scheduled hours on a regular basis. Performs related work as assigned. Education & Experience Requirements (typing \"See Resume\" in application will not be accepted) Where college degrees and/or college course credits are required, degrees and college units must be obtained from an accredited college or university. Courses from non-accredited institutions will not be evaluated for this requirement. Mental Health Clinician IA: Education: Equivalent to possession of a Master's degree from an accredited university or college with major coursework in social work, marriage and family counseling, psychology, psychiatric nursing, or a related field -AND- Experience: One (1) year of professional level counseling/therapy experience in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting. Applicants must be a registered intern or eligible to register as an intern in the State of California at the time of appointment. Mental Health Clinician IB: Experience: In addition to the Master's degree listed above, must possess an appropriate license as described in Other Requirements. Mental Health Clinician II: Experience: In addition to the Master's degree and license listed above, two years of post-licensing experience as a mental health therapist, clinician or counselor in a mental health inpatient or outpatient setting.(For employees hired in the class of Mental Health Clinician by El Dorado County on or before March 6, 2000: Must possess a Master's degree as listed above and a license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Registered Nurse, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, or Psychiatrist in the State of California.) Other Requirements: All Classifications: Must possess a valid driver's license. May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. All incumbents must possess the appropriate clinical license described below within five years of employment. Mental Health Clinician IA Must either be eligible to obtain an appropriate license and/or waiver under the provisions of Welfare and Institutions Code Section 5751.2 to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, or Psychiatrist in the State of California, or must be licensed as a Registered Nurse. Mental Health Clinician IB/II: Must possess an appropriate license to practice as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor, Licensed Clinical Psychologist, Psychiatrist or Registered Nurse in the State of California. Knowledge of: Principles and practices of clinical casework. Principles and methods of conducting clinical interviews for diagnosing mental health clients. Social, psychological and physical causes of mental disorders and chemical dependency. General psychiatric emergency intervention and diagnosis and brief and long-term therapy methods. Theories, principles and techniques of group and individual therapy. Principles of adult and child psychology. Theories of human behavior and personality development. Laws and regulations related to patient's rights, grievance procedures, voluntary or involuntary treatment and commitment for treatment including criteria for commitment. Community resources and agencies providing support services for the mentally ill or disabled. Medical recordkeeping and documentation, including patient charting. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, seclusion and restraint philosophy. Skill in: Planning, developing and implementing comprehensive treatment plans, programs and services. Conducting group and individual therapy for mental health clients. Conducting mental health education and training programs. Presenting patient history and behavioral impressions to psychiatric staff for further review. Preparing detailed case summaries and documentation, and maintaining accurate client records in compliance with local, state and federal rules and regulations. Protecting client's rights and maintaining confidentiality of information. Coordinating emergency psychiatric support service efforts with appropriate County, community, hospital and other involved agencies. Providing direction, clinical supervision and training to interns and volunteers. Ability to: Assess client mental status and make accurate evaluations and effective treatment referrals to providers of social, medical and/or other specialized services. Analyze crisis situations and determine appropriate courses of action. Interpret and implement complex regulations and policies governing mental health treatment processes. Establish effective therapeutic relationships with clients from a wide range of socio-economic, cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Evaluate patients for medication needs and reactions. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with other therapists, County staff, referral agencies, physicians and the public. Other Requirements ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL DEMANDS The conditions herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. Environment: Work is primarily performed indoors which may include a hospital, mental health, County Jail, Juvenile Institutions, or standard office setting. Physical: Primary functions require sufficient physical ability to work in an office setting and operate office equipment; vision in the normal visual range with or without correction sufficient to read computer screens and printed documents and to operate equipment; hear in the normal audio range with or without correction. Frequent sitting; fine finger dexterity of both hands. Occasional standing, walking; wrist and arm motions and upward/downward flexion of neck, ability to grasp and hold. Infrequent climbing, running, jumping, reaching and bending; lifting, carrying or pushing objects that weigh up to 15 lbs. or more. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousAlcohol and Other Drug Services Counselor I - Full-Time, Part-Time & Extra-HelpSonoma County, CA Santa Rosa, CA, United StatesPosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in our community! Starting salary up to $34.89*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the II level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The DUI Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor I positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: One year of experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR Some experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs. Ability to : understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: KCDec 24, 2020Full TimePosition Information Make a difference in the lives of others in our community! Starting salary up to $34.89*/Hr. Plus, a cash allowance of approximately $600/Month* Plus, an additional $1.15/hour bilingual premium for bilingual assignments This is a continuous recruitment. It may close without notice, at any time, once a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. The County of Sonoma seeks candidates for full-time, part-time, and extra-help (intermittent) Alcohol and Other Drug Services (AODS) Counselor positions. These positions may be filled at the I or II level. If you are interested in applying at the II level, you will need to apply to the separate, concurrent recruitment being conducted for that classification. Please note: California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) now requires AODS Counselors to be licensed, registered, or certified. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx Please see the \"Minimum Qualifications\" section of this job announcement for more information about this requirement. Working at the County of Sonoma offers expansive opportunities for growth and development, the ability to be a part of a challenging and rewarding work environment, and the satisfaction of knowing you're working to better our communities. You can also look forward to excellent benefits* including: An annual Staff Development/Wellness Benefit allowance up to $850 and ongoing education/training opportunities Competitive vacation and sick leave accruals, 12 paid holidays, and an additional 8 floating holiday hours per year Significant portion of health care premiums paid by the County and access to several health plan options County contribution to a Health Reimbursement Arrangement to help fund post-retirement employee health insurance/benefits Retirement fully integrated with Social Security May be eligible for up to 8 weeks (320 hours) of Paid Parental Leave after 12 months of County employment Eligibility for a salary increase after 1,040 hours (6 months when working full-time) for good work performance; eligibility for a salary increase for good performance every year thereafter, until reaching the top of the salary range * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . About the Positions Driving Under the Influence Program (DUI) - Full-Time, Part-Time (Fluent Bilingual), and Extra-Help Positions assigned to DUI provide case management, counseling, education, and evaluations to individuals, groups, and families participating in the program. In addition, AODS Counselors screen and assess clients, prepare court and client program reports, and provide diversion services. The DUI Program works with the Court to provide services to first time and multiple offenders. Adolescent Treatment Program (ATP) - Part-Time Positions assigned to ATP will conduct assessments, education, individual and group counseling services to juvenile (under age 18) detainees at Los Guilicos, and Probation Camp utilizing evidence-based curriculum. Candidates will be required to pass Juvenile Hall and Probation background to work in this facility. Treatment Accountability for Safer Communities (TASC) - Part-Time Positions assigned to TASC will provide advocacy, case management, assessment and treatment placement, and supervision services for adults currently involved in the criminal justice system and who are ready to participate in treatment. The ideal candidates for AODS Counselor I positions will possess: An AODS Counselor registration or certification Excellent verbal and written communication skills The ability to communicate effectively and work with individuals from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team A desire to work in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment The ability to develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers An understanding of working with in-custody clients to reduce recidivism and increase access to services This recruitment is being conducted to fill one full-time, two non-bilingual part time, one fluent bilingual part-time, and multiple extra-help (intermittent) positions in the Department of Health Services. This employment list may also be used to fill future full-time, part-time, or extra-help (temporary) positions as they occur during the active status of the list. Qualified County employees who wish to be considered for future positions should consider applying to this recruitment. * Salary is negotiable within the established range. Benefits described herein do not represent a contract and may be changed without notice. Additional information can be found in the Engineers and Scientists of California Union Local 20 Memorandum of Understanding (ESC MOU) . APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience : Any combination of training and experience that would provide the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and abilities listed. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be either: One year of experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and drug treatment and education programs and academic coursework in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other drug services and other closely related fields. OR Some experience with responsibilities involving alcohol and other drug treatment and education programs and possession of a bachelor's degree in sociology, psychology, alcohol and other services drug treatment or other closely related fields. License : Possession of a valid driver's license at the appropriate level including necessary special endorsements, as required by the State of California to perform the essential job functions of the position. Special Qualification : All employees of this class must register, obtain, and maintain a Counselor Certification as defined by the California Code of Regulations, Chapter 8: Certification of Alcohol and Other Drug Counselors. Upon appointment to this class, employees will have six months to register and five years to obtain Certification from an ADP approved certifying organization whose curriculum includes a minimum of 240 hours of formal classroom training. Human Resources will waive the Counselor Certification requirement for licensed professionals (or registered interns) who successfully pass a written examination similar to that administered for Certification. This examination will be administered by the Sonoma County Human Resources Department, and will be designed to measure those areas included in the curriculum required for certification. California Health and Safety Code Section 11833(b)(1) requires that any individual who provides counseling services in a licensed or certified AODS program, except for licensed professionals*, must be registered or certified with an organization approved by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS). Individuals must be currently licensed, registered, or certified to be eligible for employment. A list of approved certification agencies recognized by the DHCS may be found at the following site: http://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/Pages/CounselorCertificationOrganizations.aspx * Licensed professionals include a physician licensed by the Medical Board of California; or a psychologist licensed by the Board of Psychology; or a clinical social worker or marriage and family therapist licensed by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences, or an intern registered with the California Board of Psychology or the California Board of Behavioral Sciences . Additional Special Qualification : Some positions may require the ability to fluently speak and write a language other than English. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Working Knowledge of : the needs, problems, attitudes and behavior problems of the alcohol and drug abusing person; basic principles of individual and group behavior; socio-economic, environmental, and cultural factors affecting the behavior of alcohol and drug abusing persons; principles and techniques of group, family and individual counseling; laws, rules, regulations and department policies related to client confidentiality; counseling techniques related to the treatment of alcohol and other drug abusing clients; services and resources provided through other governmental agencies and community-based organizations. Knowledge of : County program policies and procedures; court procedures and etiquette; County, State and Federal laws governing public alcohol and other drug abuse programs. Ability to : understand and apply County alcohol and other drug program policies and procedures; provide consultative services in complex situations involving behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; evaluate the behavioral and physiological conditions of the alcohol/drug client; coordinate the delivery of alcohol and other drug abuse services; analyze situation accurately and adopt an effective course of action; recognize problems which call for the use of public and private community resources; effectively listen, mediate and resolve complaints; read, interpret, apply, and explain complex regulations and reports; communicate effectively with persons from a variety of social, cultural, and economic backgrounds; establish and maintain effective work relationships with all types of persons encountered in the course of work; develop rapport and maintain cooperative relationships with clients and service providers; read, understand, apply and explain regulations and procedures governing job training programs; work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary team; use computers and related equipment as necessary for job assignments. Selection Procedure & Some Helpful Tips When Applying Your application information and your responses to the supplemental questions are evaluated and taken into consideration throughout the entire selection process. You should list all employers and positions held within the last ten years in the work history section of your application. Be as thorough as possible when responding to the supplemental questions. You may include history beyond ten years if related to the position for which you are applying. If you held multiple positions with one employer, list out each position separately. Failure to follow these instructions may impact your competitiveness in this process or may result in disqualification. Please visit Getting a Job with the County of Sonoma to review more detailed information about the application, examination, and department selection processes. APPLICATION SUBMISSIONS REQUIRE THE SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE BE COMPLETED. Responses to supplemental questions will be used in assessing minimum qualifications. Please provide specific and detailed responses of a reasonable length to allow for thorough assessment of your qualifications. Responses which state \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\" may be considered insufficient. The selection procedure will consist of the following examination: An Application & Supplemental Questionnaire Appraisal Examination (Weight 100%). Each application and supplemental questionnaire will be thoroughly evaluated for satisfaction of minimum qualifications and relevance of educational coursework, training, experience, knowledge, and abilities that relate to this position. Candidates possessing the most appropriate job-related qualifications will be placed on an employment list and referred to the department for selection interviews. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A background investigation is required prior to employment. Candidates referred to departments for a selection interview are typically required to sign authorization and release forms enabling such an investigation. Failure to sign prescribed forms will result in the candidate not being considered further for that vacancy. Reference information will not be made available to applicants. Additional requirements, such as successful completion of a physical exam, drug screen, etc., may apply, depending on the duties and responsibilities of the position. If you receive a conditional job offer for the position, the requirements upon which the offer are contingent will be outlined in the conditional job letter. You may also review the Job Classification Screening Schedule to determine the requirements for this position. HOW TO APPLY Applications are accepted on-line at www.yourpath2sonomacounty.org . Paper applications may be submitted by person, fax (707-565-3770), email, or through the mail. All applications and appropriate supplemental information as outlined in the job bulletin must be RECEIVED by the time and date specified on the first page of this job announcement. Continuous recruitments may close without notice at any time that a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. Applications received after the recruitment closes will not be accepted. The County of Sonoma prioritizes and is committed to continuously providing a workplace where equal employment opportunity is afforded to all people. Please view the County's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy for further information. HR Analyst: DP HR Technician: KCMental Health Clinician I/IIMerced County, CA Merced, CA, United StatesExamples of Duties This recruitment is to fill multiple Clinician vacancies in various programs throughout the Behavioral Health & Recovery Services Department as they occur. Vacancies for both full time and Extra-Help positions may be available. Extra-Help staff are limited to 25 hours per week and are not entitled to county benefits. This recruitment is to establish a list to fill positions in Los Banos, Livingstonand Merced. Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Meets with individuals and groups, including families, to assist them with understanding complex mental and emotional problems and with developing realistic plans to resolve them. Advises clients on the availability of community resources. Interprets clients' needs and problems, assisting them with environmental adjustment. Works with clients' relatives to secure cooperation in treatment programs. Utilizes highly developed professional skills in outpatient, in-patient, children's service, day care, rehabilitation and education programs. Assists with training other Mental Health Department staff in diagnosis and treatment methods. Develop and conduct training and informational presentations for other County staff, school districts, and community agencies. Serve as a consultant for other community agencies. Participate in the preparation and presentation of cases for consideration by other professional staff. May assume operational responsibility for a unit within a clinical program. May conduct or participate in professional research and special studies. Develop and implement treatment plans; develops and prepares extensive records, complex reports, progress notes, and correspondence. Minimum Qualifications MENTAL HEALTH CLINICIAN I Education: Graduation from an accredited institution with a Masters Degree in counseling, social work, psychology, or a closely related field. Registration: Must have registration from the appropriate California State Licensing Board at time of application. Licensure: Must pass the written and oral examination for licensure within (6) years from the date of hire as a Clinician I with a MFT Intern (IMF), Associate Clinical Social Workers (ASW) and Professional Clinical Counselor Intern (PCCI) from California Board of Behavioral Sciences. MENTAL HEALTH CLINICIAN II Education: Graduation from an accredited institution with a Masters Degree in counseling, social work, psychology, or a closely related field. Experience: Two (2) years of progressively responsible clinical experience in a mental health setting. License: Valid license issued by the State of California as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), Marriage Family Therapist (MFT) or Clinical Psychologist . Out of State Licensure: Registration for a waiver of the State Professional License may be obtained for a maximum of three (3) years. SOME POSITIONS IN THIS CLASSIFICATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL HISTORY BACKGROUND CHECKS PURSUANT TO THE HUMAN RESOURCES RULES AND REGULATIONS, SECTION 2, B. Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Operate a personal computer and other office equipment. Communicate effectively with others in person and over the telephone. Analyze data, interpret directions, procedures and regulations, and develop appropriate responses. Perform job duties under stressful conditions. Respond appropriately to situations. Maintain confidential information in accordance with legal standards and/or County regulations. Make presentations. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Sit, stand, or walk for extended periods. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Kneel, bend, twist, squat, balance and crawl. Frequent use of hand-eye coordination. Frequent use of data entry device including repetitive hand and arm motion. Occasionally lift and carry up to 40 pounds. Normal dexterity, frequent holding and grasping. Regular attendance is an essential function Knowledge of: Principles, procedures, techniques, and trends of clinical and casework services, counseling, and treatment. Laws, rules, and regulations governing mental health programs and services. Behavioral and environmental aspects of physical illness, emotional disturbance, and mental disability or retardation. Social aspects and characteristics of mental and emotional disturbances. DSM IV Diagnostic criteria for mental and emotional disturbances. Principles of mental health education. A wide variety of therapeutic and treatment approaches for persons with mental, emotional problems and drug and alcohol addictions. Scope, availability, and activities of community resources Current trends in mental health, public health, alcohol and drug services, and social services, including State and Federal programs in these areas. Ability to: Perform counseling and psychotherapy of a complex nature with clients, families and groups. Develop and maintain the cooperation and effective working relationships of mentally and emotionally disturbed patients and families. Analyze case information and make sound clinical assessments, diagnosis and decisions regarding treatment methodologies, client progress, and case development. Maintain the confidentiality of client information. Interact with clients in a therapeutic effective manner. Participates as a member of a therapeutic team. Provide work direction, coordination, training, and consultation for new professional, paraprofessional staff and student interns. Organize data, develop information, and prepare clear, concise, comprehensive records and reports. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with the general public co-workers and those contacted during the course of work. Ability to engage in a diverse population as demonstrated by sustaining a 65% direct service ratio. Problem solve and manage fiscal considerations impacting clientele as directly related to Mental Health insurance coverage. Manage, organize and sustain time efficiency Write in a clear, concise and focused manner. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE State Disability Insurance - Benefit based on highest quarter during previous calendar year. Employee pays premium. LIFE INSURANCE $10,000 County-paid coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EXTRA HELP EMPLOYEES DO NOT QUALIFY FOR COUNTY BENEFITS. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Are you currently registered and/or licensed with the California Board of Behavioral Sciences? Yes No 02 Can you effectively communicate in any of the following languages? Spanish Hmong None of the above Required QuestionJan 16, 2021Full TimeExamples of Duties This recruitment is to fill multiple Clinician vacancies in various programs throughout the Behavioral Health & Recovery Services Department as they occur. Vacancies for both full time and Extra-Help positions may be available. Extra-Help staff are limited to 25 hours per week and are not entitled to county benefits. This recruitment is to establish a list to fill positions in Los Banos, Livingstonand Merced. Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Meets with individuals and groups, including families, to assist them with understanding complex mental and emotional problems and with developing realistic plans to resolve them. Advises clients on the availability of community resources. Interprets clients' needs and problems, assisting them with environmental adjustment. Works with clients' relatives to secure cooperation in treatment programs. Utilizes highly developed professional skills in outpatient, in-patient, children's service, day care, rehabilitation and education programs. Assists with training other Mental Health Department staff in diagnosis and treatment methods. Develop and conduct training and informational presentations for other County staff, school districts, and community agencies. Serve as a consultant for other community agencies. Participate in the preparation and presentation of cases for consideration by other professional staff. May assume operational responsibility for a unit within a clinical program. May conduct or participate in professional research and special studies. Develop and implement treatment plans; develops and prepares extensive records, complex reports, progress notes, and correspondence. Minimum Qualifications MENTAL HEALTH CLINICIAN I Education: Graduation from an accredited institution with a Masters Degree in counseling, social work, psychology, or a closely related field. Registration: Must have registration from the appropriate California State Licensing Board at time of application. Licensure: Must pass the written and oral examination for licensure within (6) years from the date of hire as a Clinician I with a MFT Intern (IMF), Associate Clinical Social Workers (ASW) and Professional Clinical Counselor Intern (PCCI) from California Board of Behavioral Sciences. MENTAL HEALTH CLINICIAN II Education: Graduation from an accredited institution with a Masters Degree in counseling, social work, psychology, or a closely related field. Experience: Two (2) years of progressively responsible clinical experience in a mental health setting. License: Valid license issued by the State of California as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), Marriage Family Therapist (MFT) or Clinical Psychologist . Out of State Licensure: Registration for a waiver of the State Professional License may be obtained for a maximum of three (3) years. SOME POSITIONS IN THIS CLASSIFICATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL HISTORY BACKGROUND CHECKS PURSUANT TO THE HUMAN RESOURCES RULES AND REGULATIONS, SECTION 2, B. Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Operate a personal computer and other office equipment. Communicate effectively with others in person and over the telephone. Analyze data, interpret directions, procedures and regulations, and develop appropriate responses. Perform job duties under stressful conditions. Respond appropriately to situations. Maintain confidential information in accordance with legal standards and/or County regulations. Make presentations. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Sit, stand, or walk for extended periods. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Kneel, bend, twist, squat, balance and crawl. Frequent use of hand-eye coordination. Frequent use of data entry device including repetitive hand and arm motion. Occasionally lift and carry up to 40 pounds. Normal dexterity, frequent holding and grasping. Regular attendance is an essential function Knowledge of: Principles, procedures, techniques, and trends of clinical and casework services, counseling, and treatment. Laws, rules, and regulations governing mental health programs and services. Behavioral and environmental aspects of physical illness, emotional disturbance, and mental disability or retardation. Social aspects and characteristics of mental and emotional disturbances. DSM IV Diagnostic criteria for mental and emotional disturbances. Principles of mental health education. A wide variety of therapeutic and treatment approaches for persons with mental, emotional problems and drug and alcohol addictions. Scope, availability, and activities of community resources Current trends in mental health, public health, alcohol and drug services, and social services, including State and Federal programs in these areas. Ability to: Perform counseling and psychotherapy of a complex nature with clients, families and groups. Develop and maintain the cooperation and effective working relationships of mentally and emotionally disturbed patients and families. Analyze case information and make sound clinical assessments, diagnosis and decisions regarding treatment methodologies, client progress, and case development. Maintain the confidentiality of client information. Interact with clients in a therapeutic effective manner. Participates as a member of a therapeutic team. Provide work direction, coordination, training, and consultation for new professional, paraprofessional staff and student interns. Organize data, develop information, and prepare clear, concise, comprehensive records and reports. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with the general public co-workers and those contacted during the course of work. Ability to engage in a diverse population as demonstrated by sustaining a 65% direct service ratio. Problem solve and manage fiscal considerations impacting clientele as directly related to Mental Health insurance coverage. Manage, organize and sustain time efficiency Write in a clear, concise and focused manner. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE State Disability Insurance - Benefit based on highest quarter during previous calendar year. Employee pays premium. LIFE INSURANCE $10,000 County-paid coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EXTRA HELP EMPLOYEES DO NOT QUALIFY FOR COUNTY BENEFITS. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Are you currently registered and/or licensed with the California Board of Behavioral Sciences? Yes No 02 Can you effectively communicate in any of the following languages? Spanish Hmong None of the above Required QuestionMental Health Clinician II-Behavioral Health ServicesSan Joaquin County, CA Stockton, California, usaThisrecruitment is beingheld to fill part time vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Division of the San Joaquin County Health Care Services Department. The Division Behavioral Health Services (BHS) is a division of San Joaquin County Health Care Services and provides an array of mental health and substance use disorder treatment services, primarily for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in San Joaquin County. The department consists of over 800 employees in the following operational divisions:  Administration  Mental Health Services  Mental Health Forensic Services  Adult/Older Adult Services  Inpatient and Crisis Services  Children's Services  Substance Abuse Services  Mental Health Pharmacy Main Campus : 1212 N California St, Stockton, CA 95203 Website : www.sjgov.org/mhs Work Schedule : Positions assigned to the 24-hour services may require working rotating shifts. This work schedule includes nights, weekends, and holidays. Supplement : Positions regularly assigned to direct patient care in the Crisis Stabilization Unit (CSU), Crisis or the Psychiatric Health Facility (PHF) receive a 5% supplement Special Requirement : The Psychiatric Health Facility will perform a background investigation on prospective employees to include criminal background information from State and Federal information banks. Pre-employment Drug Screening : Potential new hires into this classification are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made unless the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EITHER PATTERN I Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) issued by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. OR PATTERN II Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid California license as a Psychologist issued by the California Board of Psychology. AND FOR BOTH PATTERNS Education : Graduation from an accredited university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), or Psychologist. License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Selection Procedures Applicants for part-time and temporary recruitments who meet the minimum qualifications are either referred to the hiring department for further selection or they may be required to take a written examination. If a written examination is given, the top candidates may be referred to the hiring department for further selection. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Physical Exam : Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-employment Drug Screening Exam : Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when: They are related to the Appointing Authority, or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other Department Heads may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job, you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Part TimeThisrecruitment is beingheld to fill part time vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Division of the San Joaquin County Health Care Services Department. The Division Behavioral Health Services (BHS) is a division of San Joaquin County Health Care Services and provides an array of mental health and substance use disorder treatment services, primarily for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in San Joaquin County. The department consists of over 800 employees in the following operational divisions:  Administration  Mental Health Services  Mental Health Forensic Services  Adult/Older Adult Services  Inpatient and Crisis Services  Children's Services  Substance Abuse Services  Mental Health Pharmacy Main Campus : 1212 N California St, Stockton, CA 95203 Website : www.sjgov.org/mhs Work Schedule : Positions assigned to the 24-hour services may require working rotating shifts. This work schedule includes nights, weekends, and holidays. Supplement : Positions regularly assigned to direct patient care in the Crisis Stabilization Unit (CSU), Crisis or the Psychiatric Health Facility (PHF) receive a 5% supplement Special Requirement : The Psychiatric Health Facility will perform a background investigation on prospective employees to include criminal background information from State and Federal information banks. Pre-employment Drug Screening : Potential new hires into this classification are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made unless the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EITHER PATTERN I Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) issued by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. OR PATTERN II Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid California license as a Psychologist issued by the California Board of Psychology. AND FOR BOTH PATTERNS Education : Graduation from an accredited university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), or Psychologist. License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Selection Procedures Applicants for part-time and temporary recruitments who meet the minimum qualifications are either referred to the hiring department for further selection or they may be required to take a written examination. If a written examination is given, the top candidates may be referred to the hiring department for further selection. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Physical Exam : Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-employment Drug Screening Exam : Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when: They are related to the Appointing Authority, or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other Department Heads may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job, you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousMENTAL HEALTH COUNSELOR, RNLOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesEXAM NUMBER : b5278H JOB TYPE : OPEN COMPETITIVE JOB OPPORTUNITY FILING START DATE: 7/13/2015 This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. Definition: This experienced-level class functions as a primary provider of mental health nursing services to individuals, families, and groups in a range of mental health care settings. SPECIAL SALARY INFORMATION: Persons employed in this position shall be compensated at a salary range commensurate with education and/or experience at the time of appointment. Essential Job Functions Provides individual counseling to a caseload of assigned patients in the regional Mental Health Clinic. Conducts initial interview and ongoing assessment of client's presenting problems, including mental status, level of functioning, developmental status, social and employment skills, co-occurring substance abuse problems, and mental and physical health educational needs. Obtains client's social and medical history, and integrates assessment of physical health problems that impact the client's mental illness. Provides input to the multidisciplinary team with respect to the client's diagnosis as impacted by physical health problems. With the participation of the client and appropriate others, plans and conducts the Client Care Coordination Plan; and in collaboration with the treatment team, determines whether the client requires long- or short-term counseling, the priorities in which the problems will be addressed, the counseling methods to be used, and the advisability of using individual or group counseling. Administers psychotropic medication; monitors drug effectiveness and side effects; and provides drug education to clients and clients' families. Provides periodic and ongoing re-assessment of changes in client's mental and physical health status, nutritional status, and progress toward recovery. Plans and conducts conferences with family members, significant others, and caregivers in order to gain insight into the client's mental illness by observing how the client reacts to the family and the family to the client. Evaluates client outcomes and periodically consults with the psychiatrist to determine the need for adjustments in the Client Care Coordination Plan. Guides individual and group therapy activities by facilitating communication, clarifying questions, explaining behavior characteristics, and encouraging interaction within the group in order to assist clients in gaining insight into their emotional problems and in developing new coping strategies. Identifies community agencies and resources to assist clients with rehabilitation and recovery while living in the community; and may interact with private medical facilities, courts, and governmental agencies to link or coordinate services. Participates in team meetings to discuss ongoing client needs and progress, shift activity, and adherence to program policies and procedures such as documentation and timeliness of services and/or treatments provided. Serves as a member of the Psychiatric Mobile Response Team or similar crisis response team in reply to urgent requests to evaluate the mental status of persons who appear dangerous to themselves or others, or who appear to be gravely disabled due to mental illness. Assesses client's suicidal or homicidal tendencies, potential for violence toward self or others, and grave disability; makes independent judgment with respect to client's need for involuntary treatment; and, where appropriate, signs application for immediate 72-hour detention at a hospital facility or schedules an appointment for evaluation and treatment at mental health clinic. As acting Officer of the Day, provides triage, information and referral when appropriate, and may assess incoming clients for assignment within the unit or department. Conducts site reviews and investigates client complaints or grievances by reviewing clinical records to ensure quality of care, appropriateness of medications administered based on diagnosis, and overall mental health treatment plan; writes plan of corrective action as appropriate and conducts follow-up visits as necessary to ensure that compliance standards are met. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: OPTION I: One year as an Assistant Mental Health Counselor, RN* in the service of Los Angeles County. OPTION II: A Bachelor's degree** in Nursing from an accredited*** college or university with completion of specialty coursework**** in psychiatric nursing -AND- two years of full-time paid post baccalaureate experience as a registered nurse in psychiatric nursing. OPTION III: A Master's degree** in Psychiatric Nursing from an accredited*** college or university -AND- one year of full-time paid post-graduate experience as a registered nurse in psychiatric nursing. LICENSE REQUIREMENT: Current possession of a valid active permanent Registered Nurse license***** issued by the State of California Board of Registered Nursing. Physical Class II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. Additional Information SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION *To qualify, applicants must have County status in the class as evidenced by holding such payroll title. NO OUT-OF-CLASS EXPERIENCE WILL BE ACCEPTED. **Degree(s) and/or Official Transcripts must indicate the required specialized field in order to be evaluated. Candidates whose educational degree(s) and/or Official Transcripts do not show the specialty must provide a written statement from their university or college Registrar's Office indicating the education specialty on the university/college's letterhead. A copy of your degree, Official Transcripts, and/or written statement from the Registrar's Office must be submitted AT TIME OF FILING. ***Accredited institutions are those listed in the publications of regional, national or international accrediting agencies which are accepted by the Department of Human Resources. Publications such as American Universities and Colleges and International Handbook of Universities are acceptable references. Also acceptable, if appropriate, are degrees that have been evaluated and deemed to be equivalent to degrees from United States accredited institutions by an academic credential evaluation agency recognized by The National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE). Under Option II - ****A copy of official transcripts showing the completion of the required psychiatric nursing coursework with the corresponding unit credits must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing. *****A copy of a valid active permanent license to practice as a Registered Nurse issued by the State of California Board of Registered Nursing must be submitted AT TIME OF FILING. A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. SPECIAL INFORMATION: Past and present mental health clients and their family members who meet the selection requirements are encouraged to apply. SHIFT: Any - Appointees must be willing to work any shift, including evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays. EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of an interview weighted 100%. The interview will evaluate training, knowledge and experience, personal fitness and general ability to perform the duties of the position. CANDIDATES MUST ACHIEVE A PASSING SCORE OF 70% OR HIGHER ON THE EXAMINATION TO BE PLACED ON THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER. VACANCY INFORMATION: The resulting eligible register for this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the Los Angeles County Department of Mental Health. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: Applications will be processed on an \"as-received\" basis and those receiving a passing score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. The names of candidates receiving a passing grade on this examination will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of promulgation on the eligible register. No person may compete for this examination more than once in a twelve (12) month period. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: ONLINE FILING ONLY Applicants are required to complete and submit an online Los Angeles County Employment Application in order to be considered for this examination. Paper applications and/or resumes will not be accepted in lieu of online applications, although resumes may be uploaded as attachments to online applications. We may close this examination without prior notice. Applicants must submit their applications by 5:00 pm, Pacific Standard Time(PST), on the last day of filing. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING ONLINE: To apply online, CLICK on the \"APPLY\" tab for this posting. Clear and legible copies of the required documents (e.g. Diploma, Official Transcripts, License) must be uploaded as attachments during application submission -or- by email to Exams@dmh.lacounty.gov within fifteen calendar days of filing online. The acceptance of your application will depend on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the Selection Requirements. Your online application MUST show complete license, education, and work experience information. License information must show type of license, license number, original date of issue, and expiration date. Education information must include name and address of school attended, complete dates attended, name of course/s taken, number of units earned, and degree/s earned. Work experience must include employer name and address, name of work area/facility, actual payroll title held and not the working and/or functional titles, month, day and year of employment, total number of months, total number of hours worked per week - not a range of hours (full or part-time), and complete description of related job duties. If range of hours is provided, experience will be prorated based on the lowest number of hours per week. Candidates must provide copies of any and all required documents at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days of application filing. Applications may be rejected at any stage during the selection process. Applications with missing information will be rejected as incomplete. All information supplied by applicants is subject to verification. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER : All applicants must enter a valid social security number at the time of filing. Entering anything other than a valid social security number (i.e. 000-00-0000, 111-11-1111, etc) will result in an automatic rejection of your application. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT LIBRARIES : For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the Internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. NO SHARING USER ID AND PASSWORD : All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. DEPARTMENT CONTACT: Irene San, Exam Analyst 213.972.7037 exams@dmh.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator 213.972.7034 California Relay Services 800.735.2922 Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeEXAM NUMBER : b5278H JOB TYPE : OPEN COMPETITIVE JOB OPPORTUNITY FILING START DATE: 7/13/2015 This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. Definition: This experienced-level class functions as a primary provider of mental health nursing services to individuals, families, and groups in a range of mental health care settings. SPECIAL SALARY INFORMATION: Persons employed in this position shall be compensated at a salary range commensurate with education and/or experience at the time of appointment. Essential Job Functions Provides individual counseling to a caseload of assigned patients in the regional Mental Health Clinic. Conducts initial interview and ongoing assessment of client's presenting problems, including mental status, level of functioning, developmental status, social and employment skills, co-occurring substance abuse problems, and mental and physical health educational needs. Obtains client's social and medical history, and integrates assessment of physical health problems that impact the client's mental illness. Provides input to the multidisciplinary team with respect to the client's diagnosis as impacted by physical health problems. With the participation of the client and appropriate others, plans and conducts the Client Care Coordination Plan; and in collaboration with the treatment team, determines whether the client requires long- or short-term counseling, the priorities in which the problems will be addressed, the counseling methods to be used, and the advisability of using individual or group counseling. Administers psychotropic medication; monitors drug effectiveness and side effects; and provides drug education to clients and clients' families. Provides periodic and ongoing re-assessment of changes in client's mental and physical health status, nutritional status, and progress toward recovery. Plans and conducts conferences with family members, significant others, and caregivers in order to gain insight into the client's mental illness by observing how the client reacts to the family and the family to the client. Evaluates client outcomes and periodically consults with the psychiatrist to determine the need for adjustments in the Client Care Coordination Plan. Guides individual and group therapy activities by facilitating communication, clarifying questions, explaining behavior characteristics, and encouraging interaction within the group in order to assist clients in gaining insight into their emotional problems and in developing new coping strategies. Identifies community agencies and resources to assist clients with rehabilitation and recovery while living in the community; and may interact with private medical facilities, courts, and governmental agencies to link or coordinate services. Participates in team meetings to discuss ongoing client needs and progress, shift activity, and adherence to program policies and procedures such as documentation and timeliness of services and/or treatments provided. Serves as a member of the Psychiatric Mobile Response Team or similar crisis response team in reply to urgent requests to evaluate the mental status of persons who appear dangerous to themselves or others, or who appear to be gravely disabled due to mental illness. Assesses client's suicidal or homicidal tendencies, potential for violence toward self or others, and grave disability; makes independent judgment with respect to client's need for involuntary treatment; and, where appropriate, signs application for immediate 72-hour detention at a hospital facility or schedules an appointment for evaluation and treatment at mental health clinic. As acting Officer of the Day, provides triage, information and referral when appropriate, and may assess incoming clients for assignment within the unit or department. Conducts site reviews and investigates client complaints or grievances by reviewing clinical records to ensure quality of care, appropriateness of medications administered based on diagnosis, and overall mental health treatment plan; writes plan of corrective action as appropriate and conducts follow-up visits as necessary to ensure that compliance standards are met. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: OPTION I: One year as an Assistant Mental Health Counselor, RN* in the service of Los Angeles County. OPTION II: A Bachelor's degree** in Nursing from an accredited*** college or university with completion of specialty coursework**** in psychiatric nursing -AND- two years of full-time paid post baccalaureate experience as a registered nurse in psychiatric nursing. OPTION III: A Master's degree** in Psychiatric Nursing from an accredited*** college or university -AND- one year of full-time paid post-graduate experience as a registered nurse in psychiatric nursing. LICENSE REQUIREMENT: Current possession of a valid active permanent Registered Nurse license***** issued by the State of California Board of Registered Nursing. Physical Class II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. Additional Information SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION *To qualify, applicants must have County status in the class as evidenced by holding such payroll title. NO OUT-OF-CLASS EXPERIENCE WILL BE ACCEPTED. **Degree(s) and/or Official Transcripts must indicate the required specialized field in order to be evaluated. Candidates whose educational degree(s) and/or Official Transcripts do not show the specialty must provide a written statement from their university or college Registrar's Office indicating the education specialty on the university/college's letterhead. A copy of your degree, Official Transcripts, and/or written statement from the Registrar's Office must be submitted AT TIME OF FILING. ***Accredited institutions are those listed in the publications of regional, national or international accrediting agencies which are accepted by the Department of Human Resources. Publications such as American Universities and Colleges and International Handbook of Universities are acceptable references. Also acceptable, if appropriate, are degrees that have been evaluated and deemed to be equivalent to degrees from United States accredited institutions by an academic credential evaluation agency recognized by The National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE). Under Option II - ****A copy of official transcripts showing the completion of the required psychiatric nursing coursework with the corresponding unit credits must be submitted at the time of application submission or within 15 calendar days of application filing. *****A copy of a valid active permanent license to practice as a Registered Nurse issued by the State of California Board of Registered Nursing must be submitted AT TIME OF FILING. A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. SPECIAL INFORMATION: Past and present mental health clients and their family members who meet the selection requirements are encouraged to apply. SHIFT: Any - Appointees must be willing to work any shift, including evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays. EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of an interview weighted 100%. The interview will evaluate training, knowledge and experience, personal fitness and general ability to perform the duties of the position. CANDIDATES MUST ACHIEVE A PASSING SCORE OF 70% OR HIGHER ON THE EXAMINATION TO BE PLACED ON THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER. VACANCY INFORMATION: The resulting eligible register for this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the Los Angeles County Department of Mental Health. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: Applications will be processed on an \"as-received\" basis and those receiving a passing score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. The names of candidates receiving a passing grade on this examination will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of promulgation on the eligible register. No person may compete for this examination more than once in a twelve (12) month period. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: ONLINE FILING ONLY Applicants are required to complete and submit an online Los Angeles County Employment Application in order to be considered for this examination. Paper applications and/or resumes will not be accepted in lieu of online applications, although resumes may be uploaded as attachments to online applications. We may close this examination without prior notice. Applicants must submit their applications by 5:00 pm, Pacific Standard Time(PST), on the last day of filing. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING ONLINE: To apply online, CLICK on the \"APPLY\" tab for this posting. Clear and legible copies of the required documents (e.g. Diploma, Official Transcripts, License) must be uploaded as attachments during application submission -or- by email to Exams@dmh.lacounty.gov within fifteen calendar days of filing online. The acceptance of your application will depend on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the Selection Requirements. Your online application MUST show complete license, education, and work experience information. License information must show type of license, license number, original date of issue, and expiration date. Education information must include name and address of school attended, complete dates attended, name of course/s taken, number of units earned, and degree/s earned. Work experience must include employer name and address, name of work area/facility, actual payroll title held and not the working and/or functional titles, month, day and year of employment, total number of months, total number of hours worked per week - not a range of hours (full or part-time), and complete description of related job duties. If range of hours is provided, experience will be prorated based on the lowest number of hours per week. Candidates must provide copies of any and all required documents at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days of application filing. Applications may be rejected at any stage during the selection process. Applications with missing information will be rejected as incomplete. All information supplied by applicants is subject to verification. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER : All applicants must enter a valid social security number at the time of filing. Entering anything other than a valid social security number (i.e. 000-00-0000, 111-11-1111, etc) will result in an automatic rejection of your application. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT LIBRARIES : For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the Internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. NO SHARING USER ID AND PASSWORD : All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. DEPARTMENT CONTACT: Irene San, Exam Analyst 213.972.7037 exams@dmh.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator 213.972.7034 California Relay Services 800.735.2922 Closing Date/Time:Client Services Practitioner - IIPLACER COUNTY, CA Auburn, CA, United StatesIntroduction This continuous recruitment will remain open for the calendar year, or until the final filing date, whichever occurs first. The eligible list established from this continuous recruitment will expire by the end of the calendar year. Applicants will be eligible to reapply and take an examination if a new recruitment opens the following calendar year. Applications in this recruitment are screened on a weekly basis. This recruitment may be used to fill both open and promotional vacancies in various County departments as they arise, subject to specific position requirements. *Temporary/Extra Help assignments are limited to working 28 hours per week with a cap of 999 hours or 960 hours for CalPERS retired annuitants in a fiscal year and are not eligible for benefits. Extra-help appointments made from this eligible list may transition to permanent status, should vacancies arise. Upon successful completion of a foreign language proficiency exam, an additional 5% bilingual pay will be paid to employees who use a second language on a regular basis in the normal course of business. POSITION INFORMATION Placer County Health and Human Services is currently recruiting for permanent and extra-help/temporary positions in the classification Client Services Practitioner II (Master Degree Social Worker/Clinician). Assignments are in the following services areas within Adult System of Care, Children's System of Care and Public Health divisions: Child Welfare Services Mental Health Substance Use Disorders Homeless Services Employment Older Adult Services Public Health Whole Person Care (physical, behavioral health and social services) Emergency After-Hours/Child Protective Services Response Co-Occurring Diagnosis Criminogenic/Forensic Perinatal Wraparound (Children Services) Adoption/Permanency This is a journey level position and applicants are encouraged to include relevant education and a description of professional social work and/or child welfare experience when responding to the supplemental questionnaire. Your application materials and assignment preference(s) may be used by the hiring authority when selecting candidates to interview. Client Services Practitioners perform a broad spectrum of duties ranging from providing direct services/case management support to those faced with difficult situations, emotional stresses, or significant changes in their lives to clinically diagnosing emotional, behavioral or mental health disorders in individuals. Not only do Client Services Practitioners assist individuals to cope with the situation at hand, they advocate for them and seek out valuable resources and other means of support for the affected person(s). BENEFITS Placer County offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees. The following information represents benefits currently available to permanent Placer County employees and may be subject to change. Applicants should inquire as to the most current benefit package during hiring interviews or by contacting the Human Resources Department. Click here to view Professional benefits For more information regarding the benefits Placer County has to offer please visit Placer County's Human Resources website. DEFINITION To provide responsible and professional social services and/or clinical treatment of an advanced nature to a variety of clients with identified needs including clients with mental health concerns, diagnosed mentally ill clients, substance abusers and/or clients who are homeless; to provide counseling to individuals and groups; to perform crisis intervention as appropriate; to participate in the development and implementation of various treatment and outreach services; to investigate, supervise and to place minors in need of protective services; to provide outreach engagement; to develop, coordinate and monitor community-based programs; and to function as an integral and supportive member of assigned departmental and multi-disciplinary team(s). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is the full journey level class within the Client Services Practitioner series. This class is distinguished from the Client Services Practitioner I by the assignment of the full range of duties. Employees at this level receive only occasional instruction or assistance as new or unusual situations arise and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies within the work unit. Positions in this class are flexibly staffed and are normally filled by advancement from the entry level. SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED Receives direction from a program supervisor or other designated management position. May exercise technical and functional supervision over clerical, technical, para-professional and/or other professional staff. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop and administer long or short term treatment plans requiring comprehensive professional knowledge with the goal of improving or restoring individual or family functioning; may include clinical treatments and may determine appropriate method of treatment intervention including program modification. Participate in and/or conduct comprehensive individual and family psychosocial assessments for problem identification and diagnosis; determine acuity of need and recommend appropriate program placement; provide crisis counseling to include authorization for 72-hour emergency in-patient admission as necessary. Prepare and present clinical and/or case management documentation for review by multi-disciplinary team; provide on-going consultation and systematic support for the team in its implementation of treatment programs and individual treatment plans and/or case management. Investigate, intervene and provide a variety of professional services to children or other special needs clients, in circumstances in which the client's physical or emotional welfare is involved including cases of neglect, emotional/behavioral problems, physical/mental disabilities, child welfare, court services, or other conditions that may adversely affect the client. Participate in and/or conduct group, family and individual therapy to include marital and/or family counseling as appropriate to effect positive rehabilitation, solutions, and/or life improvements. Provide highly skilled professional services in counseling, adult and child protective services, family services, community organization, social research and related areas. Perform case management duties including treatment plan monitoring, advocacy, referral and linkage to other needed services and crisis interventions; establish and maintain casework records and documents in accordance with departmental and statutory regulations and procedures; and prepare relevant correspondence and reports, including court reports and/or testimony. Provide outreach, education, and professional consultation to the community, the general public, as well as public and private agencies; conduct training workshops and/or presentations to clients, care providers, community groups, referrals, and the general public. Provide operational oversight of residential facilities or community-based programs to include the administration of budgets as assigned; prepare grant proposals and reports and monitor program activities and expenditures. Conduct home visits; transport clients; and assist with client's financial, budget and daily living activities as appropriate. Develop, maintain and participate in an inter-agency and community networking/referral system; evaluate client needs relative to appropriate program referrals; maintain close communication with contract providers and community service agencies to ensure treatment plan and client needs are being met in a successful manner. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other County employees, community resources, clients, and the general public utilizing principles of effective customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS It is the responsibility of applicants to identify in their application materials how they meet the minimum qualifications listed below. Experience and Training Any combination of experience and training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: Two years of responsible casework or clinical experience performing duties similar to a Client Services Practitioner I with Placer County. Training: A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social work, psychology or counseling which meets the eligibility requirements for licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners. License or Certificate: May require possession of a State of California license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC). NOTE: Applicants receiving their degree outside the United States must submit proof of accreditation by a recognized evaluation agency. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Principles and practices of social work as related to providing mental health, substance abuse services and treatment, child and adult protective services and the multi-disciplinary approach to treatment. Principles and practices used in the development of community-based programs providing treatment and social services. Accepted criteria for clinical diagnosis of emotional and mental disturbances as well as normal and abnormal emotional and mental development to include growth, development and living relationships. Develop and implement community-based programs in treatment and social service; coordinate and monitor program activities to ensure compliance with program outcomes. Principles and practices of casework, including objectives, clinical diagnosis and appropriate documentation. Psychosocial, family, individual and group therapy and counseling treatments and prevention strategies. Physical, social, mental and substance use disorders impact on individual personality and behaviors. Role of social service agencies, both public and private. Legal and regulatory issues related to the operation and delivery of a variety of client services to individuals and groups of all ages and special needs. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, and principles of social work related to child protective services and adult services, risk and safety assessments. Standard and accepted investigative and interviewing techniques and methods. Principles used in preparing grant proposals. Modern office procedures, practices and methods as well as designated computer hardware and software and its applications. Standard and accepted English usage, spelling, punctuation, and grammar in both oral and written forms. Policies and practices of County's Health and Human Services Department as it relates to assigned program area and client services. Community and consultative resources available, both public and private. Pertinent federal, state and local statutes and regulations governing public health and welfare services. Ability to: Understand and carry out a variety of complex oral and written instructions in an independent manner. On a continuous basis, know and understand all aspects of the job and observe safety rules and practices; intermittently review work papers, reports and special projects; identify and problem solve client issues; identify and interpret technical and numerical information; observe and problem solve operational and technical policies and procedures; explain applicable department policies and procedures to applicants and clients. On a continuous basis, sit for long periods of time or while driving; intermittently walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel while retrieving or returning files, documents and supplies and making copies; walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel, climb or twist while conducting home/site visits or transporting client; twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; see and hear with sufficient acuity to observe and assess physical condition and living environment of client; and lift moderate weight. Identify and conceptualize multiple cause situations and possible consequences; evaluate potential treatment/solutions; determine and initiate most effective course of action. Relate effectively and positively with assigned clients to establish trust and rapport; display empathy. Coordinate and prioritize work and timelines effectively for self and others. Work with various cultural and ethnic groups in a tactful and effective manner. Obtain relevant information through interviews, observations, and the application of standard research methodologies. Perform mathematical calculations accurately to include routine statistical analysis. Use a personal computer and office equipment necessary for successful job performance. Work weekend and evening shifts as needs of program and/or clients require. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties. Develop appropriate treatment plans for a variety of client needs and situations. Perform a variety of professional duties in an independent manner to include all levels of problem-solving and decision-making models. SELECTION PROCEDURE Training & Experience Rating (100%) Based upon responses to the supplemental questionnaire, the applicant's education, training, and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Scores from this evaluation will determine applicant ranking and placement on the eligible list. CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to the date of hire, applicants must undergo a fingerprint test by the Department of Justice, pass a medical examination (which may include a drug screening and possibly a psychological evaluation), sign a constitutional oath, and submit proof of U.S. citizenship or legal right to remain and work in the U.S. For some positions, applicants may also be required to submit proof of age, undergo a background investigation (which may include a voice stress analysis and/or a polygraph), and/or be bonded. Additionally, positions in law enforcement classifications and those supporting law enforcement functions will be required to complete a conviction history questionnaire prior to or during the interview process. Applicants for positions with access to Medi-Cal billing software or who are licensed providers must clear the Federal Exclusion List, credentialing, and social security verification. Failure to clear these requirements may result in an employment offer being withdrawn. SUBSTITUTE LISTS The eligible list resulting from this recruitment may be certified as a substitute list for a substantially similar classification. For this purpose, a substantially similar classification is one at a lower level in the same classification (example: entry level vs. journey level) and/or a similar classification (similar work performed, similar training and experience qualifications required). If you are contacted for an interview by a County department, you will be informed of the classification and other relevant information. If you choose not to interview for a substantially similar classification, you will remain on the eligible list for which you originally applied. EMPLOYEES OF OTHER PUBLIC AGENCIES Placer County offers an expedited process for qualifying certain applicants for interviews. Candidates currently employed, or employed within the last year, by a public agency operating under a personnel civil service or merit system may be eligible to be placed on a Public Agency Eligible List and certified as eligible for appointment to a similar job assignment without going through the examination process. For more information on the Public Agency Eligible List, to download forms, or to apply, please Click here . EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Thank you for your interest in employment with Placer County. Placer County is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. It is the stated policy of Placer County that harassment, discrimination, and retaliation are prohibited and that all employees, applicants, agents, contractors, and interns/volunteers shall receive equal consideration and treatment. All terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, transfer, and promotion will be based on the qualifications of the individual for the positions being filled regardless of gender (including gender identity and expression), sexual orientation, race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics/information), age (40 or over), marital status, military and/or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Please contact the Human Resources Department at least 5 working days before a scheduled examination if you require accommodation in the examination process. Medical disability verification may be required prior to accommodation. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 04, 2021Full TimeIntroduction This continuous recruitment will remain open for the calendar year, or until the final filing date, whichever occurs first. The eligible list established from this continuous recruitment will expire by the end of the calendar year. Applicants will be eligible to reapply and take an examination if a new recruitment opens the following calendar year. Applications in this recruitment are screened on a weekly basis. This recruitment may be used to fill both open and promotional vacancies in various County departments as they arise, subject to specific position requirements. *Temporary/Extra Help assignments are limited to working 28 hours per week with a cap of 999 hours or 960 hours for CalPERS retired annuitants in a fiscal year and are not eligible for benefits. Extra-help appointments made from this eligible list may transition to permanent status, should vacancies arise. Upon successful completion of a foreign language proficiency exam, an additional 5% bilingual pay will be paid to employees who use a second language on a regular basis in the normal course of business. POSITION INFORMATION Placer County Health and Human Services is currently recruiting for permanent and extra-help/temporary positions in the classification Client Services Practitioner II (Master Degree Social Worker/Clinician). Assignments are in the following services areas within Adult System of Care, Children's System of Care and Public Health divisions: Child Welfare Services Mental Health Substance Use Disorders Homeless Services Employment Older Adult Services Public Health Whole Person Care (physical, behavioral health and social services) Emergency After-Hours/Child Protective Services Response Co-Occurring Diagnosis Criminogenic/Forensic Perinatal Wraparound (Children Services) Adoption/Permanency This is a journey level position and applicants are encouraged to include relevant education and a description of professional social work and/or child welfare experience when responding to the supplemental questionnaire. Your application materials and assignment preference(s) may be used by the hiring authority when selecting candidates to interview. Client Services Practitioners perform a broad spectrum of duties ranging from providing direct services/case management support to those faced with difficult situations, emotional stresses, or significant changes in their lives to clinically diagnosing emotional, behavioral or mental health disorders in individuals. Not only do Client Services Practitioners assist individuals to cope with the situation at hand, they advocate for them and seek out valuable resources and other means of support for the affected person(s). BENEFITS Placer County offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees. The following information represents benefits currently available to permanent Placer County employees and may be subject to change. Applicants should inquire as to the most current benefit package during hiring interviews or by contacting the Human Resources Department. Click here to view Professional benefits For more information regarding the benefits Placer County has to offer please visit Placer County's Human Resources website. DEFINITION To provide responsible and professional social services and/or clinical treatment of an advanced nature to a variety of clients with identified needs including clients with mental health concerns, diagnosed mentally ill clients, substance abusers and/or clients who are homeless; to provide counseling to individuals and groups; to perform crisis intervention as appropriate; to participate in the development and implementation of various treatment and outreach services; to investigate, supervise and to place minors in need of protective services; to provide outreach engagement; to develop, coordinate and monitor community-based programs; and to function as an integral and supportive member of assigned departmental and multi-disciplinary team(s). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is the full journey level class within the Client Services Practitioner series. This class is distinguished from the Client Services Practitioner I by the assignment of the full range of duties. Employees at this level receive only occasional instruction or assistance as new or unusual situations arise and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies within the work unit. Positions in this class are flexibly staffed and are normally filled by advancement from the entry level. SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED Receives direction from a program supervisor or other designated management position. May exercise technical and functional supervision over clerical, technical, para-professional and/or other professional staff. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Develop and administer long or short term treatment plans requiring comprehensive professional knowledge with the goal of improving or restoring individual or family functioning; may include clinical treatments and may determine appropriate method of treatment intervention including program modification. Participate in and/or conduct comprehensive individual and family psychosocial assessments for problem identification and diagnosis; determine acuity of need and recommend appropriate program placement; provide crisis counseling to include authorization for 72-hour emergency in-patient admission as necessary. Prepare and present clinical and/or case management documentation for review by multi-disciplinary team; provide on-going consultation and systematic support for the team in its implementation of treatment programs and individual treatment plans and/or case management. Investigate, intervene and provide a variety of professional services to children or other special needs clients, in circumstances in which the client's physical or emotional welfare is involved including cases of neglect, emotional/behavioral problems, physical/mental disabilities, child welfare, court services, or other conditions that may adversely affect the client. Participate in and/or conduct group, family and individual therapy to include marital and/or family counseling as appropriate to effect positive rehabilitation, solutions, and/or life improvements. Provide highly skilled professional services in counseling, adult and child protective services, family services, community organization, social research and related areas. Perform case management duties including treatment plan monitoring, advocacy, referral and linkage to other needed services and crisis interventions; establish and maintain casework records and documents in accordance with departmental and statutory regulations and procedures; and prepare relevant correspondence and reports, including court reports and/or testimony. Provide outreach, education, and professional consultation to the community, the general public, as well as public and private agencies; conduct training workshops and/or presentations to clients, care providers, community groups, referrals, and the general public. Provide operational oversight of residential facilities or community-based programs to include the administration of budgets as assigned; prepare grant proposals and reports and monitor program activities and expenditures. Conduct home visits; transport clients; and assist with client's financial, budget and daily living activities as appropriate. Develop, maintain and participate in an inter-agency and community networking/referral system; evaluate client needs relative to appropriate program referrals; maintain close communication with contract providers and community service agencies to ensure treatment plan and client needs are being met in a successful manner. Build and maintain positive working relationships with co-workers, other County employees, community resources, clients, and the general public utilizing principles of effective customer service. Perform related duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS It is the responsibility of applicants to identify in their application materials how they meet the minimum qualifications listed below. Experience and Training Any combination of experience and training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Experience: Two years of responsible casework or clinical experience performing duties similar to a Client Services Practitioner I with Placer County. Training: A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in social work, psychology or counseling which meets the eligibility requirements for licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) by the State Board of Behavioral Science Examiners. License or Certificate: May require possession of a State of California license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC). NOTE: Applicants receiving their degree outside the United States must submit proof of accreditation by a recognized evaluation agency. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Principles and practices of social work as related to providing mental health, substance abuse services and treatment, child and adult protective services and the multi-disciplinary approach to treatment. Principles and practices used in the development of community-based programs providing treatment and social services. Accepted criteria for clinical diagnosis of emotional and mental disturbances as well as normal and abnormal emotional and mental development to include growth, development and living relationships. Develop and implement community-based programs in treatment and social service; coordinate and monitor program activities to ensure compliance with program outcomes. Principles and practices of casework, including objectives, clinical diagnosis and appropriate documentation. Psychosocial, family, individual and group therapy and counseling treatments and prevention strategies. Physical, social, mental and substance use disorders impact on individual personality and behaviors. Role of social service agencies, both public and private. Legal and regulatory issues related to the operation and delivery of a variety of client services to individuals and groups of all ages and special needs. Crisis intervention and conflict resolution practices, including management of assaultive behavior, and principles of social work related to child protective services and adult services, risk and safety assessments. Standard and accepted investigative and interviewing techniques and methods. Principles used in preparing grant proposals. Modern office procedures, practices and methods as well as designated computer hardware and software and its applications. Standard and accepted English usage, spelling, punctuation, and grammar in both oral and written forms. Policies and practices of County's Health and Human Services Department as it relates to assigned program area and client services. Community and consultative resources available, both public and private. Pertinent federal, state and local statutes and regulations governing public health and welfare services. Ability to: Understand and carry out a variety of complex oral and written instructions in an independent manner. On a continuous basis, know and understand all aspects of the job and observe safety rules and practices; intermittently review work papers, reports and special projects; identify and problem solve client issues; identify and interpret technical and numerical information; observe and problem solve operational and technical policies and procedures; explain applicable department policies and procedures to applicants and clients. On a continuous basis, sit for long periods of time or while driving; intermittently walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel while retrieving or returning files, documents and supplies and making copies; walk, stand, bend, squat, kneel, climb or twist while conducting home/site visits or transporting client; twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; see and hear with sufficient acuity to observe and assess physical condition and living environment of client; and lift moderate weight. Identify and conceptualize multiple cause situations and possible consequences; evaluate potential treatment/solutions; determine and initiate most effective course of action. Relate effectively and positively with assigned clients to establish trust and rapport; display empathy. Coordinate and prioritize work and timelines effectively for self and others. Work with various cultural and ethnic groups in a tactful and effective manner. Obtain relevant information through interviews, observations, and the application of standard research methodologies. Perform mathematical calculations accurately to include routine statistical analysis. Use a personal computer and office equipment necessary for successful job performance. Work weekend and evening shifts as needs of program and/or clients require. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties. Develop appropriate treatment plans for a variety of client needs and situations. Perform a variety of professional duties in an independent manner to include all levels of problem-solving and decision-making models. SELECTION PROCEDURE Training & Experience Rating (100%) Based upon responses to the supplemental questionnaire, the applicant's education, training, and experience will be evaluated using a pre-determined formula. Scores from this evaluation will determine applicant ranking and placement on the eligible list. CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to the date of hire, applicants must undergo a fingerprint test by the Department of Justice, pass a medical examination (which may include a drug screening and possibly a psychological evaluation), sign a constitutional oath, and submit proof of U.S. citizenship or legal right to remain and work in the U.S. For some positions, applicants may also be required to submit proof of age, undergo a background investigation (which may include a voice stress analysis and/or a polygraph), and/or be bonded. Additionally, positions in law enforcement classifications and those supporting law enforcement functions will be required to complete a conviction history questionnaire prior to or during the interview process. Applicants for positions with access to Medi-Cal billing software or who are licensed providers must clear the Federal Exclusion List, credentialing, and social security verification. Failure to clear these requirements may result in an employment offer being withdrawn. SUBSTITUTE LISTS The eligible list resulting from this recruitment may be certified as a substitute list for a substantially similar classification. For this purpose, a substantially similar classification is one at a lower level in the same classification (example: entry level vs. journey level) and/or a similar classification (similar work performed, similar training and experience qualifications required). If you are contacted for an interview by a County department, you will be informed of the classification and other relevant information. If you choose not to interview for a substantially similar classification, you will remain on the eligible list for which you originally applied. EMPLOYEES OF OTHER PUBLIC AGENCIES Placer County offers an expedited process for qualifying certain applicants for interviews. Candidates currently employed, or employed within the last year, by a public agency operating under a personnel civil service or merit system may be eligible to be placed on a Public Agency Eligible List and certified as eligible for appointment to a similar job assignment without going through the examination process. For more information on the Public Agency Eligible List, to download forms, or to apply, please Click here . EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Thank you for your interest in employment with Placer County. Placer County is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. It is the stated policy of Placer County that harassment, discrimination, and retaliation are prohibited and that all employees, applicants, agents, contractors, and interns/volunteers shall receive equal consideration and treatment. All terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, transfer, and promotion will be based on the qualifications of the individual for the positions being filled regardless of gender (including gender identity and expression), sexual orientation, race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics/information), age (40 or over), marital status, military and/or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Please contact the Human Resources Department at least 5 working days before a scheduled examination if you require accommodation in the examination process. Medical disability verification may be required prior to accommodation. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousMental Health Clinician IISan Joaquin County, CA Stockton, California, usaThis examination is being given to fill vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Departmentand to establish an eligible list to fill future vacancies. The Department Behavioral Health Services (BHS) is a division of San Joaquin County Health Care Services and provides an array of mental health and substance use disorder treatment services, primarily for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in San Joaquin County. The department consists of over 800 employees in the following operational divisions:  Administration  Mental Health Services  Mental Health Forensic Services  Adult/Older Adult Services  Inpatient and Crisis Services  Children's Services  Substance Abuse Services  Mental Health Pharmacy Main Campus : 1212 N California St, Stockton, CA 95203 Website : www.sjgov.org/mhs Work Schedule : Positions assigned to the 24-hour services may require working rotating shifts. This work schedule includes nights, weekends, and holidays. Supplement : Positions regularly assigned to direct patient care in the Crisis Stabilization Unit (CSU), Crisis or the Psychiatric Health Facility (PHF) receive a 5% supplement Special Requirement : The Psychiatric Health Facility will perform a background investigation on prospective employees to include criminal background information from State and Federal information banks. Pre-employment Drug Screening : Potential new hires into this classification are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made unless the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EITHER PATTERN I Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) issued by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. OR PATTERN II Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid California license as a Psychologist issued by the California Board of Psychology. AND FOR BOTH PATTERNS Education : Graduation from an accredited university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), or Psychologist. License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. BENEFITS Employees hired into this classification are members of a bargaining unit which is represented by SEIU Local 1021 . Health Insurance : San Joaquin County provides employees with a choice of three health plans: a Kaiser Plan, a Select Plan, and a Premier Plan. Employees pay a portion of the cost of the premium. Dependent coverage is also available. Dental Insurance : The County provides employees with a choice of two dental plans: Delta Dental and United Health Care-Select Managed Care Direct Compensation Plan. There is no cost for employee only coverage in either plan; dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense. Vision Insurance : The County provides vision coverage through Vision Service Plan (VSP). There is no cost for employee only coverage; dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense. For more detailed information on the County's benefits program, visit our website at www.sjgov.org under Human Resources/Employee Benefits. Life Insurance : The County provides eligible employees with life insurance coverage as follows: 1 but less than 3 years of continuous service: $1,000 3 but less than 5 years of continuous service: $3,000 5 but less than 10 years of continuous service: $5,000 10 years of continuous service or more: $10,000 Employee may purchase additional term life insurance at the group rate. 125 Flexible Benefits Plan : This is a voluntary program that allows employees to use pre-tax dollars to pay for health-related expenses that are not paid by a medical, dental or vision plan (Health Flexible Spending Account $2550 annual limit with a $500 carry over); and dependent care costs (Dependent Care Assistance Plan $5000 annual limit). Retirement Plan : Employees of the County are covered by the County Retirement Law of 1937. Please visit the San Joaquin County Employees' Retirement Association (SJCERA) at www.sjcera.org for more information. NOTE: If you are receiving a retirement allowance from another California county covered by the County Employees' Retirement Act of 1937 or from any governmental agency covered by the California Public Employees' Retirement System (PERS), you are advised to contact the Retirement Officer of the Retirement Plan from which you retired to determine what effect employment in San Joaquin County would have on your retirement allowance. Deferred Compensation : The County maintains a deferred compensation plan under Section 457 of the IRS code. You may annually contribute $18,000 or 100% of your includible compensation, whichever is less. Individuals age 50 or older may contribute to their plan, up to $24,000. The Roth IRA (after tax) is also now available. Vacation : Maximum earned vacation is 10 days each year up to 3 years; 15 days after 3 years; 20 days after 10 years; and 23 days after 20 years. Holidays : Effective July 1, 2017, all civil service status employees earn 14 paid holidays each year. Please see the appopriate MOU for details regarding holidays, accruals, use, and cashability of accrued time. Sick Leave : 12 working days of sick leave annually with unlimited accumulation. Sick leave incentive : An employee is eligible to receive eight hours administrative leave if the leave balance equals at least one- half of the cumulative amount that the employee is eligible to accrue. The employee must also be on payroll during the entire calendar year. Bereavement Leave : 3 days of paid leave for the death of an immediate family member, 2 additional days of accrued leave for death of employee's spouse, domestic partner, parent or child. Merit Salary Increase : New employees will receive the starting salary, which is the first step of the salary range. After employees serve 52 weeks (2080 hours) on each step of the range, they are eligible for a merit increase to the next step. Job Sharing : Employees may agree to job-share a position, subject to approval by a Department Head and the Director of Human Resources. Educational Reimbursement Program : Eligible employees may be reimbursed for career-related course work up to a maximum of $850 per fiscal year. Eligible employees enrolled in an approved four (4) year College or University academic program may be reimbursed up to $800 per semester for a maximum of $1600 per fiscal year. Parking Supplemental Downtown Stockton: The County contributes up to $17 per pay period for employees who pay for parking and are assigned to work in the Downtown Core Area. School Activities : Employees may take up to 40 hours per year, but not more than eight (8) hours per month, to participate in their children's school activities. Selection Procedures Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications will go through the following examination process: Written Exam : The civil service written exam is a multiple choice format. If the written exam is administered alone, it will be 100% of the overall score. Candidates must achieve a minimum rating of 70% in order to be placed on the eligible list. Oral Exam : The oral exam is a structured interview process that will assess the candidate's education, training, and experience and may include a practical exercise. The oral exam selection process is not a hiring interview. A panel of up to four people will determine the candidate's score and rank for placement on the eligible list. Top candidates from the eligible list are referred for hiring interviews. If the oral exam is administered alone, it will be 100% of the overall score. Candidates must achieve a minimum rating of 70% in order to be placed on the eligible list. Written & Oral Exam: If both a written exam and an oral exam is administered, the written exam is weighted at 60% and the oral exam is weighted at 40% unless otherwise indicated on the announcement. Candidates must achieve a minimum rating of 70% on each examination in order to be placed on the eligible list. Rate-out: A rate-out is an examination that involves a paper rating of the candidate's application using the following criteria: education, training, and experience. Candidates will not be scheduled for the rate-out process. Note: The rating of 70 referred to may be the same or other than an arithmetic 70% of the total possible points. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Veteran's Points : Eligible veterans, unmarried widows and widowers of veterans of the United States Armed Forces who have been honorably discharged and who have served during wartime shall be given veteran's points in initial appointment to County service. Eligible veterans receive 5 points and eligible disabled veterans receive 10 points. Disabled veterans must submit a recent award letter stating a 10% service connected disability issued by the United States Veterans Administration. Note: A copy of your DD214 showing the discharge type must be received in the Human Resources by the date of the examination. Acceptable wartime service dates: September 16, 1940 to December 31, 1946 June 27, 1950 to January 31, 1955 August 5, 1964 to May 7, 1975 Persian Gulf War, August 2, 1990, through a date to be set by law or Presidential Proclamation. Eligible Lists: Candidates who pass the examination will be placed on an eligible list for that classification. Eligible lists are effective for nine months, but may be extended by the Human Resources Director for a period which shall not exceed a total of three years from the date established. Certification/Referral: Names from the eligible list will be referred to the hiring department by the following methods. Rule of the Rank: The top rank orranks of eligibles will be referred for hiring interviews. The minimum number of names to be referred will be equal to the number of positions plus nine, or 10% of the eligible list, whichever is higher. When fillingnine or more positions in a department at the same time, the top rank or ranks will be referred and the minimum number of names shall be two times the number of positions to be filled or 10% of the eligible list, whichever is higher. This applies only to open competitive recruitments. Rule of Five: The top five names will be referred for hiring interviews. This applies only to department or countywide promotional examination. Physical Exam: Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-Employment Drug Screening Exam: Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grand parent, grand child or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when; They are related to the Appointing Authority or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other. Department Head may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Full TimeThis examination is being given to fill vacancies in theBehavioral Health Services Departmentand to establish an eligible list to fill future vacancies. The Department Behavioral Health Services (BHS) is a division of San Joaquin County Health Care Services and provides an array of mental health and substance use disorder treatment services, primarily for Medi-Cal beneficiaries in San Joaquin County. The department consists of over 800 employees in the following operational divisions:  Administration  Mental Health Services  Mental Health Forensic Services  Adult/Older Adult Services  Inpatient and Crisis Services  Children's Services  Substance Abuse Services  Mental Health Pharmacy Main Campus : 1212 N California St, Stockton, CA 95203 Website : www.sjgov.org/mhs Work Schedule : Positions assigned to the 24-hour services may require working rotating shifts. This work schedule includes nights, weekends, and holidays. Supplement : Positions regularly assigned to direct patient care in the Crisis Stabilization Unit (CSU), Crisis or the Psychiatric Health Facility (PHF) receive a 5% supplement Special Requirement : The Psychiatric Health Facility will perform a background investigation on prospective employees to include criminal background information from State and Federal information banks. Pre-employment Drug Screening : Potential new hires into this classification are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made unless the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. A completed application must be postmarked or received online by the final filing deadline. NOTE: All correspondences relating to this recruitment will be delivered via e-mail. The e-mail account used will be the one provided on your employment application during time of submittal. Please be sure to check your e-mail often for updates. If you do not have an e-mail account on file, Human Resources will send you correspondences via US Mail. TYPICAL DUTIES Interviews clients and relatives to collect and compile extensive case histories for use by medical staff in diagnosis and determination of treatment and for use by social service personnel in related case work. Participates in diagnostic and technical staff conferences with other disciplines for treatment planning; interprets recommendations to clients and families. Implements intensive treatment counseling with individuals, families and/or groups; may participate in collaborative treatment with professional members of other disciplines or other agencies. Makes pre-release evaluations; evaluates suitability of environment to which client will be released; makes appropriate recommendations. Acts as liaison among the client, department, family, and community agencies; interprets client's needs and problems; assists clients in adjustment to new situations. Participates in training programs, including the teaching of diagnosis and treatment methods, conducted for public and private community and social agencies. May provide consultation to other disciplines regarding case histories, client's progress, plans for client rehabilitation and related casework activities. Maintains records; prepares reports; writes correspondence. Participates in in-service training programs; may attend seminars or participate in coursework in order to develop and/or maintain professional skills. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EITHER PATTERN I Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), or Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC) issued by the California Board of Behavioral Sciences. OR PATTERN II Special Requirement: Must possess and maintain a valid California license as a Psychologist issued by the California Board of Psychology. AND FOR BOTH PATTERNS Education : Graduation from an accredited university with a master's or doctorate degree in social work, counseling, psychology or other course of study acceptable to the State of California Board of Behavioral Sciences towards licensure as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT), Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor (LPCC), or Psychologist. License : Must possess and maintain a valid California driver's license. Note: Supplemental application must be submitted with employment application. KNOWLEDGE Principles, practices and techniques of social casework; social and psychological aspects of mental illnesses and disabilities and current modern methods of treatment; social work placement methods and practices; values and standards of other health care professionals. ABILITY Establish and maintain effective therapeutic relationships with clients, families, physicians, social agencies, and others; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive social casework records; analyze data and make appropriate conclusions; recognize and differentiate psychological and social problems within the individual; select interventions appropriate to the client's problem; summarize and describe client's problems to other health professional. Equal Opportunity Employer San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Accomodations for those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): San Joaquin County complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and, upon request, will consider reasonable accommodations to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. BENEFITS Employees hired into this classification are members of a bargaining unit which is represented by SEIU Local 1021 . Health Insurance : San Joaquin County provides employees with a choice of three health plans: a Kaiser Plan, a Select Plan, and a Premier Plan. Employees pay a portion of the cost of the premium. Dependent coverage is also available. Dental Insurance : The County provides employees with a choice of two dental plans: Delta Dental and United Health Care-Select Managed Care Direct Compensation Plan. There is no cost for employee only coverage in either plan; dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense. Vision Insurance : The County provides vision coverage through Vision Service Plan (VSP). There is no cost for employee only coverage; dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense. For more detailed information on the County's benefits program, visit our website at www.sjgov.org under Human Resources/Employee Benefits. Life Insurance : The County provides eligible employees with life insurance coverage as follows: 1 but less than 3 years of continuous service: $1,000 3 but less than 5 years of continuous service: $3,000 5 but less than 10 years of continuous service: $5,000 10 years of continuous service or more: $10,000 Employee may purchase additional term life insurance at the group rate. 125 Flexible Benefits Plan : This is a voluntary program that allows employees to use pre-tax dollars to pay for health-related expenses that are not paid by a medical, dental or vision plan (Health Flexible Spending Account $2550 annual limit with a $500 carry over); and dependent care costs (Dependent Care Assistance Plan $5000 annual limit). Retirement Plan : Employees of the County are covered by the County Retirement Law of 1937. Please visit the San Joaquin County Employees' Retirement Association (SJCERA) at www.sjcera.org for more information. NOTE: If you are receiving a retirement allowance from another California county covered by the County Employees' Retirement Act of 1937 or from any governmental agency covered by the California Public Employees' Retirement System (PERS), you are advised to contact the Retirement Officer of the Retirement Plan from which you retired to determine what effect employment in San Joaquin County would have on your retirement allowance. Deferred Compensation : The County maintains a deferred compensation plan under Section 457 of the IRS code. You may annually contribute $18,000 or 100% of your includible compensation, whichever is less. Individuals age 50 or older may contribute to their plan, up to $24,000. The Roth IRA (after tax) is also now available. Vacation : Maximum earned vacation is 10 days each year up to 3 years; 15 days after 3 years; 20 days after 10 years; and 23 days after 20 years. Holidays : Effective July 1, 2017, all civil service status employees earn 14 paid holidays each year. Please see the appopriate MOU for details regarding holidays, accruals, use, and cashability of accrued time. Sick Leave : 12 working days of sick leave annually with unlimited accumulation. Sick leave incentive : An employee is eligible to receive eight hours administrative leave if the leave balance equals at least one- half of the cumulative amount that the employee is eligible to accrue. The employee must also be on payroll during the entire calendar year. Bereavement Leave : 3 days of paid leave for the death of an immediate family member, 2 additional days of accrued leave for death of employee's spouse, domestic partner, parent or child. Merit Salary Increase : New employees will receive the starting salary, which is the first step of the salary range. After employees serve 52 weeks (2080 hours) on each step of the range, they are eligible for a merit increase to the next step. Job Sharing : Employees may agree to job-share a position, subject to approval by a Department Head and the Director of Human Resources. Educational Reimbursement Program : Eligible employees may be reimbursed for career-related course work up to a maximum of $850 per fiscal year. Eligible employees enrolled in an approved four (4) year College or University academic program may be reimbursed up to $800 per semester for a maximum of $1600 per fiscal year. Parking Supplemental Downtown Stockton: The County contributes up to $17 per pay period for employees who pay for parking and are assigned to work in the Downtown Core Area. School Activities : Employees may take up to 40 hours per year, but not more than eight (8) hours per month, to participate in their children's school activities. Selection Procedures Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications will go through the following examination process: Written Exam : The civil service written exam is a multiple choice format. If the written exam is administered alone, it will be 100% of the overall score. Candidates must achieve a minimum rating of 70% in order to be placed on the eligible list. Oral Exam : The oral exam is a structured interview process that will assess the candidate's education, training, and experience and may include a practical exercise. The oral exam selection process is not a hiring interview. A panel of up to four people will determine the candidate's score and rank for placement on the eligible list. Top candidates from the eligible list are referred for hiring interviews. If the oral exam is administered alone, it will be 100% of the overall score. Candidates must achieve a minimum rating of 70% in order to be placed on the eligible list. Written & Oral Exam: If both a written exam and an oral exam is administered, the written exam is weighted at 60% and the oral exam is weighted at 40% unless otherwise indicated on the announcement. Candidates must achieve a minimum rating of 70% on each examination in order to be placed on the eligible list. Rate-out: A rate-out is an examination that involves a paper rating of the candidate's application using the following criteria: education, training, and experience. Candidates will not be scheduled for the rate-out process. Note: The rating of 70 referred to may be the same or other than an arithmetic 70% of the total possible points. Testing Accommodation: Candidates who require testing accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) must call Human Resources Division at (209) 468-3370 prior to the examination date. Veteran's Points : Eligible veterans, unmarried widows and widowers of veterans of the United States Armed Forces who have been honorably discharged and who have served during wartime shall be given veteran's points in initial appointment to County service. Eligible veterans receive 5 points and eligible disabled veterans receive 10 points. Disabled veterans must submit a recent award letter stating a 10% service connected disability issued by the United States Veterans Administration. Note: A copy of your DD214 showing the discharge type must be received in the Human Resources by the date of the examination. Acceptable wartime service dates: September 16, 1940 to December 31, 1946 June 27, 1950 to January 31, 1955 August 5, 1964 to May 7, 1975 Persian Gulf War, August 2, 1990, through a date to be set by law or Presidential Proclamation. Eligible Lists: Candidates who pass the examination will be placed on an eligible list for that classification. Eligible lists are effective for nine months, but may be extended by the Human Resources Director for a period which shall not exceed a total of three years from the date established. Certification/Referral: Names from the eligible list will be referred to the hiring department by the following methods. Rule of the Rank: The top rank orranks of eligibles will be referred for hiring interviews. The minimum number of names to be referred will be equal to the number of positions plus nine, or 10% of the eligible list, whichever is higher. When fillingnine or more positions in a department at the same time, the top rank or ranks will be referred and the minimum number of names shall be two times the number of positions to be filled or 10% of the eligible list, whichever is higher. This applies only to open competitive recruitments. Rule of Five: The top five names will be referred for hiring interviews. This applies only to department or countywide promotional examination. Physical Exam: Some classifications require physical examinations. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the physical examination. The County pays for physical examinations administered in its medical facilities. Pre-Employment Drug Screening Exam: Some classifications require a new employee successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. Final appointment cannot be made until the eligible has passed the drug screen. The County pays for the initial drug screen. Employment of Relatives: Applicants who are relatives of employees in a department within the 3rd degree of relationship, (parent, child, grand parent, grand child or sibling) either by blood or marriage, may not be appointed, promoted, transferred into or within the department when; They are related to the Appointing Authority or The employment would result in one of them supervising the work of the other. Department Head may establish additional limitations on the hiring of relatives by departmental rule. Proof of Eligibility: If you are offered a job you will be required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship or other documents that establish your eligibility to be employed in the U.S. HOW TO APPLY Apply Online: www.sjgov.org/department/hr By mail or in person: San Joaquin County Human Resources 44 N. San Joaquin Street Suite 330 Stockton, CA 95202 Office hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm; excluding holidays. Phone: (209) 468-3370 Job Line: For currentemployment opportunitiesplease callour 24-hour job line at (209) 468-3377. When a final filing date is indicated, applications must be filed with the Human Resources Division before 5:00 p.m. or postmarked by the final filing date. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application. Applications sent through county inter-office mail, which are not received by the final filing date, will not be accepted. ( The County assumes no responsibility for mailed applications which are not received by the Human Resources Division) . San Joaquin County Substance Abuse Policy: San Joaquin County has adopted a Substance Abuse Policy in compliance with the Federal Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988. This policy is enforced by all San Joaquin County Departments and applies to all San Joaquin County employees. Equal Opportunity Employer : San Joaquin County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and is committed to providing equal employment to all without regard to age, ancestry, color, creed, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation or belief, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. For more information go to www.sjgov.org/department/hr/eeo . Click on a link below to apply for this position: Fill out the Supplemental Questionnaire and Application NOW using the Internet. Apply Online View and print the Supplemental Questionnaire. This recruitment requires completion of a supplemental questionnaire. You may view and print the supplemental questionnaire here . View and print the official application form as an Acrobat pdf file. A San Joaquin County application form is required for this recruitment. You may print this Acrobat PDF document and then fill it in. Contact us via conventional means. You may contact us by phone at (209) 468-3370, or by email , or apply for a job in person at the San Joaquin County Human Resources Division. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousMental Health Clinician I/II/IIISAN BENITO COUNTY, CA Hollister, CA, USATHIS RECRUITMENT MAY BE CLOSED AT ANY TIME. DEFINITION MHCI Under general direction, to provide assessments, diagnoses, prognoses, counseling and psychotherapeutic treatment for Mental Health Department clients; to provide education, consultation services, and training for other staff, community agencies, and the public; and to do related work as required. DEFINITION MHCII This is the advanced-level professional Mental Health Clinician classification. Individuals that occupy the level-2 have completed the BBS requirements to possess the BBS licensed clinician credentials designation (LCSW, or LMFT). Incumbents have responsibility for independently providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Incumbents are required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. DEFINITION MHCIII Under general direction, to provide assessments, diagnoses, prognoses, counseling and psychotherapeutic treatment for Mental Health Department clients; to provide education, consultation services, and training for other staff, community agencies, and the public; and to do related work as required. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS MHCI This is an entry level professional Mental Health Clinician classification and typically the individual that meets the qualifications for this position is an unlicensed clinician that meets the requirements to be and is registered with the State Board of Behavioral Sciences (BBS) as an Associate Clinical Social Worker (ACSW), or Associate Marriage and Family Therapist (AMFT). Individuals occupying the Mental Health Clinician -I of the classification series typically have not completed the BBS required number of clinical service delivery hours working under the supervision of an assigned Licensed Clinician as required by the BBS. A Mental Health Clinician -I completes clinical service delivery repsonsbiltites under the supervision of a Licensed Clinician assigned by the department to provided unlicensed clinician supervision. Individuals in this job classification series have responsibility for providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Such individuals are also required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. Upon successful completion of State Board of Behavioral Sciences (BBS) licensing exams and the awarding of Licensed Clinical Social Worker or Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist designation, incumbents may be promoted to the Mental Health Clinician level II. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS MHCII This is the advanced-level professional Mental Health Clinician classification. Individuals that occupy the level-2 have completed the BBS requirements to possess the BBS licensed clinician credentials designation (LCSW, or LMFT). Incumbents have responsibility for independently providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Incumbents are required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS MHCIII This is an advanced journey-level professional providing mental health services as part of a multi-disciplinary team under general supervision. Increments in this classification demonstrate a greater skill and depth of the job knowledge in the assortments, and are able to independently perform most complex clinical and case management assignments. Individuals that occupy the level-III have possessed the BBS licensed clinician credentials designation (LCSW, or LMFT) for a minimum of one year. Incumbents have responsibility for independently providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Incumbents are required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. Demonstrates leadership within the multi-disciplinary team. Incumbents in the Level -III classification series may be required and assigned to provide consultation for other Mental Health Clinicians in the Mental Health Clinicians at the level-I and II in the clinician series. Incumbents in the Level-3 classification series after hour's crisis response duty s may also be assigned to be a clinical consultant for other clinicians that may include being the clinical consult contact staff as needed, for other clinicians fulfilling after hours crisis response duty. Incumbents in the Level-III classification series may also be assigned to fulfill after hours crisis response duty. REPORTS TO Assistant Director of Behavioral Health, Director of Behavioral Health, Behavioral Health Clinical Supervisor or designee CLASSIFICATIONS SUPERVISED MHCI This is not a supervisory classification. CLASSIFICATIONS SUPERVISED MHCII/III May serve as lead clinician TYPICAL PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Sit for extended periods; frequently stand and walk; normal manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination; lift and move objects weighing up to 25 lbs.; corrected hearing and vision to normal range; verbal communication; use of office equipment, including computer, telephone, calculator, copiers and FAX. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS Work is performed in an office, clinic, home, school, or community environments; work is performed with people who may exhibit unstable and potentially violent behavior; continuous contact with other staff and the public. Examples of Duties / Knowledge & Skills MHCI (The following is used as a partial description and is not restrictive as to duties required.) Meets with individuals, families, and groups in clinic, home, schools, and community settings to develop client centered service plans; Provides direction for client mental health and community activities; Assists clients with understanding their problems and developing plans to resolve them; Provides a variety of Mental Health counseling and therapy for clients and their families; Works with clients' families to secure their cooperation in treatment programs; Advises clients on available community resources and serves as a liaison with organizations and service agencies; Makes referrals and other arrangements for client treatment and service, as necessary; Serves as a consultant for other Mental Health staff; prepares and present progress reports on assigned cases; Cooperates with professionals from other disciplines in the development of team and collaborative diagnoses and treatment programs; Develops recommendations for discharge and follow-up treatment planning for clients and their families; May be assigned administrative responsibilities, including scheduling and case assignments; Performs crisis intervention; Performs involuntary hospitalization assessments and arranges for hospitalization, if necessary, may serve as an expert witness in court cases; Other duties as assigned. MHCII (The following is used as a partial description and is not restrictive as to duties required.) Meets with individuals, families, and groups in clinic, home, schools, and community settings to develop client centered service plans; Provides direction for client mental health and community activities; Assists clients with understanding their problems and developing plans to resolve them; Provides a variety of Mental Health counseling and therapy for clients and their families; Works with clients' families to secure their cooperation in treatment programs; Advises clients on available community resources and serves as a liaison with organizations and service agencies; Makes referrals and other arrangements for client treatment and service, as necessary; Serves as a consultant for other Mental Health staff; prepares and present progress reports on assigned cases; Cooperates with professionals from other disciplines in the development of team and collaborative diagnoses and treatment programs; Develops recommendations for discharge and follow-up treatment planning for clients and their families; may be assigned administrative responsibilities, including scheduling and case assignments; Performs crisis intervention; Performs involuntary hospitalization assessments and arranges for hospitalization, if necessary, may serve as an expert witness in court cases; Other duties as assigned. MCIII (The following is used as a partial description and is not restrictive as to duties required.) Independently assess, evaluates, and provides mental health and/or substance abuse services including individual, group, and family therapy/counselling, rehabilitation, crises intervention, and case management services for persons with serious mental illnesses or youth with serious emotional disturbance utilizing culturally sensitive, client/family-centered, strength-based well ness and recovery models of service delivery. Meets with individuals, families, and groups in clinic, home, schools, and community settings to develop client centered service plans; Provides direction for client mental health and community activities; Assists clients with understanding their problems and developing plans to resolve them; Provides a variety of Mental Health counseling and therapy for clients and their families; Works with clients' families to secure their cooperation in treatment programs; Advises clients on available community resources and serves as a liaison with organizations and service agencies; Collaborates with other support agencies and community organizations. Makes referrals and other arrangements for client treatment and service, as necessary; Serves as a consultant for other Mental Health staff; prepares and present progress reports on assigned cases; Cooperates with professionals from other disciplines in the development of team and collaborative diagnoses and treatment programs; Develops recommendations for discharge and follow-up treatment planning for clients and their families; may be assigned administrative responsibilities, including scheduling and case assignments; Assist in the development and monitoring of policies and procedures as assigned. Performs crisis intervention; Performs involuntary hospitalization assessments and arranges for hospitalization, if necessary, may serve as an expert witness in court cases; Develops and participates in training on a verity of topics such as cultural competency, clinical practice, compliance, treatments planning, case management and makes presentations to local agencies and community groups regarding issues related to mental health and or substance abuse. Other duties as assigned. Minimum qualifications & Requirements Any combination of training and experience which would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Special Requirements: Possession of a license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker or as a Marriage and Family Counselor issued by the State of California. Possession of, or ability to obtain, an appropriate valid California Driver's License. Mental Health Clinician I Experience : Two years of professional experience working in mental health counseling, psychotherapy, and related social services in a public or certified private welfare or health agency. AND Education : Equivalent to a Master's degree in psychology, social work, marriage and family counseling, or a related field from an accredited college or university. Mental Health Clinician II Education : Equivalent to a Master's degree in psychology, social work, marriage and family counseling, or a related field from an accredited college or university. AND Experience : One year as a Mental Health Clinician I with the County of San Benito. OR Three years of professional experience working in mental health counseling, psychotherapy, and related social services in a public or certified private welfare or health agency. Mental Health Clinician III Education : Equivalent to a Master's degree in psychology, social work, marriage and family counseling, or a related field from an accredited college or university. AND Experience : One year as a Mental Health Clinician II with the County of San Benito. OR Three years of professional experience working in mental health counseling, psychotherapy, and related social services in a public or certified private welfare or health agency. Supplemental information MHCI Knowledge of : Principles, techniques and trends in counseling, psychotherapy, and various treatment modalities. Biological, behavioral and environmental aspects of emotional disturbances, mental disability, retardation, and substance abuse. The scope and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies and other available community resources. Identification of individual, social, and environmental problems and their analysis and resolution in existing social contexts. Legislative and administrative rules and regulations pertaining to Lanterman-Petris-Short and Short-Doyle services. Ability to : Perform a variety of complex psychiatric social work and psychotherapy for Mental Health Department clients. Develop clear and comprehensive case records and documentation. Develop and maintain cooperative, constructive relationships with families of clients, members of other professional disciplines, social agencies, and other staff. Prepare treatment plans, client treatment recommendations, and a variety of reports. Organize and manage a caseload. Define a therapist's role and deal with clients in a variety of circumstances and settings in accordance with professional standards and ethics. Conceptualize and prioritize the problems of mentally disordered persons, determining their needs, services, and appropriate treatment methods. Integrate a number of clinical approaches into a treatment plan. Recognize a potential crisis and deliver crisis intervention services. Handle stress and unstable client behavior. Work with people from a diversity of ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Effectively represent the Mental Health Department in contacts with clients, the public, community organizations, other County staff, and other government agencies. MHCII Knowledge of: Principles, techniques and trends in counseling, psychotherapy, and various treatment modalities. Biological, behavioral and environmental aspects of emotional disturbances, mental disability, retardation, and substance abuse. The scope and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies and other available community resources. Identification of individual, social, and environmental problems and their analysis and resolution in existing social contexts. Legislative and administrative rules and regulations pertaining to Lanterman-Petris- Short and Short-Doyle services. Ability to : Perform a variety of complex psychiatric social work and psychotherapy for Mental Health Department clients. Develop clear and comprehensive case records and documentation. Develop and maintain cooperative, constructive relationships with families of clients, members of other professional disciplines, social agencies, and other staff. Prepare treatment plans, client treatment recommendations, and a variety of reports. Organize and manage a caseload. Define a therapist's role and deal with clients in a variety of circumstances and settings in accordance with professional standards and ethics. Conceptualize and prioritize the problems of mentally disordered persons, determining their needs, services and appropriate treatment methods. Integrate a number of clinical approaches into a treatment plan. Recognize a potential crisis and deliver crisis intervention services. Handle stress and unstable client behavior. Work with people from a diversity of ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Effectively represent the Mental Health Department in contacts with clients, the public, community organizations, other County staff, and other government agencies. MHCIII Knowledge of : Principles, techniques and trends in counseling, psychotherapy, and various treatment modalities. Biological, behavioral and environmental aspects of emotional disturbances, mental disability, retardation, and substance abuse. The scope and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies and other available community resources. Identification of individual, social, and environmental problems and their analysis and resolution in existing social contexts. Legislative and administrative rules and regulations pertaining to Lanterman-Petris-Short and Short-Doyle services. Ability to : Perform a variety of complex psychiatric social work and psychotherapy for Mental Health Department clients. Develop clear and comprehensive case records and documentation. Develop and maintain cooperative, constructive relationships with families of clients, members of other professional disciplines, social agencies, and other staff. Prepare treatment plans, client treatment recommendations, and a variety of reports. Organize and manage a caseload. Define a therapist's role and deal with clients in a variety of circumstances and settings in accordance with professional standards and ethics. Conceptualize and prioritize the problems of mentally disordered persons, determining their needs, services, and appropriate treatment methods. Integrate a number of clinical approaches into a treatment plan. Recognize a potential crisis and deliver crisis intervention services. Handle stress and unstable client behavior. Work with people from a diversity of ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Effectively represent the Mental Health Department in contacts with clients, the public, community organizations, other County staff, and other government agencies. In accordance with California Government Code section 3100, et., seq., all County of San Benito employees are considered disaster service workers who may be required to report for duty, or remain on duty to address disaster service activities in the event of an emergency or disaster and are required to undertake an applicable loyalty oath. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Full TimeTHIS RECRUITMENT MAY BE CLOSED AT ANY TIME. DEFINITION MHCI Under general direction, to provide assessments, diagnoses, prognoses, counseling and psychotherapeutic treatment for Mental Health Department clients; to provide education, consultation services, and training for other staff, community agencies, and the public; and to do related work as required. DEFINITION MHCII This is the advanced-level professional Mental Health Clinician classification. Individuals that occupy the level-2 have completed the BBS requirements to possess the BBS licensed clinician credentials designation (LCSW, or LMFT). Incumbents have responsibility for independently providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Incumbents are required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. DEFINITION MHCIII Under general direction, to provide assessments, diagnoses, prognoses, counseling and psychotherapeutic treatment for Mental Health Department clients; to provide education, consultation services, and training for other staff, community agencies, and the public; and to do related work as required. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS MHCI This is an entry level professional Mental Health Clinician classification and typically the individual that meets the qualifications for this position is an unlicensed clinician that meets the requirements to be and is registered with the State Board of Behavioral Sciences (BBS) as an Associate Clinical Social Worker (ACSW), or Associate Marriage and Family Therapist (AMFT). Individuals occupying the Mental Health Clinician -I of the classification series typically have not completed the BBS required number of clinical service delivery hours working under the supervision of an assigned Licensed Clinician as required by the BBS. A Mental Health Clinician -I completes clinical service delivery repsonsbiltites under the supervision of a Licensed Clinician assigned by the department to provided unlicensed clinician supervision. Individuals in this job classification series have responsibility for providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Such individuals are also required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. Upon successful completion of State Board of Behavioral Sciences (BBS) licensing exams and the awarding of Licensed Clinical Social Worker or Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist designation, incumbents may be promoted to the Mental Health Clinician level II. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS MHCII This is the advanced-level professional Mental Health Clinician classification. Individuals that occupy the level-2 have completed the BBS requirements to possess the BBS licensed clinician credentials designation (LCSW, or LMFT). Incumbents have responsibility for independently providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Incumbents are required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS MHCIII This is an advanced journey-level professional providing mental health services as part of a multi-disciplinary team under general supervision. Increments in this classification demonstrate a greater skill and depth of the job knowledge in the assortments, and are able to independently perform most complex clinical and case management assignments. Individuals that occupy the level-III have possessed the BBS licensed clinician credentials designation (LCSW, or LMFT) for a minimum of one year. Incumbents have responsibility for independently providing a variety of mental health services for individuals and groups. Incumbents are required to develop case service plans, identify appropriate treatment methods, and use a variety of applied psychotherapeutic techniques. Demonstrates leadership within the multi-disciplinary team. Incumbents in the Level -III classification series may be required and assigned to provide consultation for other Mental Health Clinicians in the Mental Health Clinicians at the level-I and II in the clinician series. Incumbents in the Level-3 classification series after hour's crisis response duty s may also be assigned to be a clinical consultant for other clinicians that may include being the clinical consult contact staff as needed, for other clinicians fulfilling after hours crisis response duty. Incumbents in the Level-III classification series may also be assigned to fulfill after hours crisis response duty. REPORTS TO Assistant Director of Behavioral Health, Director of Behavioral Health, Behavioral Health Clinical Supervisor or designee CLASSIFICATIONS SUPERVISED MHCI This is not a supervisory classification. CLASSIFICATIONS SUPERVISED MHCII/III May serve as lead clinician TYPICAL PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Sit for extended periods; frequently stand and walk; normal manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination; lift and move objects weighing up to 25 lbs.; corrected hearing and vision to normal range; verbal communication; use of office equipment, including computer, telephone, calculator, copiers and FAX. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS Work is performed in an office, clinic, home, school, or community environments; work is performed with people who may exhibit unstable and potentially violent behavior; continuous contact with other staff and the public. Examples of Duties / Knowledge & Skills MHCI (The following is used as a partial description and is not restrictive as to duties required.) Meets with individuals, families, and groups in clinic, home, schools, and community settings to develop client centered service plans; Provides direction for client mental health and community activities; Assists clients with understanding their problems and developing plans to resolve them; Provides a variety of Mental Health counseling and therapy for clients and their families; Works with clients' families to secure their cooperation in treatment programs; Advises clients on available community resources and serves as a liaison with organizations and service agencies; Makes referrals and other arrangements for client treatment and service, as necessary; Serves as a consultant for other Mental Health staff; prepares and present progress reports on assigned cases; Cooperates with professionals from other disciplines in the development of team and collaborative diagnoses and treatment programs; Develops recommendations for discharge and follow-up treatment planning for clients and their families; May be assigned administrative responsibilities, including scheduling and case assignments; Performs crisis intervention; Performs involuntary hospitalization assessments and arranges for hospitalization, if necessary, may serve as an expert witness in court cases; Other duties as assigned. MHCII (The following is used as a partial description and is not restrictive as to duties required.) Meets with individuals, families, and groups in clinic, home, schools, and community settings to develop client centered service plans; Provides direction for client mental health and community activities; Assists clients with understanding their problems and developing plans to resolve them; Provides a variety of Mental Health counseling and therapy for clients and their families; Works with clients' families to secure their cooperation in treatment programs; Advises clients on available community resources and serves as a liaison with organizations and service agencies; Makes referrals and other arrangements for client treatment and service, as necessary; Serves as a consultant for other Mental Health staff; prepares and present progress reports on assigned cases; Cooperates with professionals from other disciplines in the development of team and collaborative diagnoses and treatment programs; Develops recommendations for discharge and follow-up treatment planning for clients and their families; may be assigned administrative responsibilities, including scheduling and case assignments; Performs crisis intervention; Performs involuntary hospitalization assessments and arranges for hospitalization, if necessary, may serve as an expert witness in court cases; Other duties as assigned. MCIII (The following is used as a partial description and is not restrictive as to duties required.) Independently assess, evaluates, and provides mental health and/or substance abuse services including individual, group, and family therapy/counselling, rehabilitation, crises intervention, and case management services for persons with serious mental illnesses or youth with serious emotional disturbance utilizing culturally sensitive, client/family-centered, strength-based well ness and recovery models of service delivery. Meets with individuals, families, and groups in clinic, home, schools, and community settings to develop client centered service plans; Provides direction for client mental health and community activities; Assists clients with understanding their problems and developing plans to resolve them; Provides a variety of Mental Health counseling and therapy for clients and their families; Works with clients' families to secure their cooperation in treatment programs; Advises clients on available community resources and serves as a liaison with organizations and service agencies; Collaborates with other support agencies and community organizations. Makes referrals and other arrangements for client treatment and service, as necessary; Serves as a consultant for other Mental Health staff; prepares and present progress reports on assigned cases; Cooperates with professionals from other disciplines in the development of team and collaborative diagnoses and treatment programs; Develops recommendations for discharge and follow-up treatment planning for clients and their families; may be assigned administrative responsibilities, including scheduling and case assignments; Assist in the development and monitoring of policies and procedures as assigned. Performs crisis intervention; Performs involuntary hospitalization assessments and arranges for hospitalization, if necessary, may serve as an expert witness in court cases; Develops and participates in training on a verity of topics such as cultural competency, clinical practice, compliance, treatments planning, case management and makes presentations to local agencies and community groups regarding issues related to mental health and or substance abuse. Other duties as assigned. Minimum qualifications & Requirements Any combination of training and experience which would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities would be: Special Requirements: Possession of a license as a Licensed Clinical Social Worker or as a Marriage and Family Counselor issued by the State of California. Possession of, or ability to obtain, an appropriate valid California Driver's License. Mental Health Clinician I Experience : Two years of professional experience working in mental health counseling, psychotherapy, and related social services in a public or certified private welfare or health agency. AND Education : Equivalent to a Master's degree in psychology, social work, marriage and family counseling, or a related field from an accredited college or university. Mental Health Clinician II Education : Equivalent to a Master's degree in psychology, social work, marriage and family counseling, or a related field from an accredited college or university. AND Experience : One year as a Mental Health Clinician I with the County of San Benito. OR Three years of professional experience working in mental health counseling, psychotherapy, and related social services in a public or certified private welfare or health agency. Mental Health Clinician III Education : Equivalent to a Master's degree in psychology, social work, marriage and family counseling, or a related field from an accredited college or university. AND Experience : One year as a Mental Health Clinician II with the County of San Benito. OR Three years of professional experience working in mental health counseling, psychotherapy, and related social services in a public or certified private welfare or health agency. Supplemental information MHCI Knowledge of : Principles, techniques and trends in counseling, psychotherapy, and various treatment modalities. Biological, behavioral and environmental aspects of emotional disturbances, mental disability, retardation, and substance abuse. The scope and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies and other available community resources. Identification of individual, social, and environmental problems and their analysis and resolution in existing social contexts. Legislative and administrative rules and regulations pertaining to Lanterman-Petris-Short and Short-Doyle services. Ability to : Perform a variety of complex psychiatric social work and psychotherapy for Mental Health Department clients. Develop clear and comprehensive case records and documentation. Develop and maintain cooperative, constructive relationships with families of clients, members of other professional disciplines, social agencies, and other staff. Prepare treatment plans, client treatment recommendations, and a variety of reports. Organize and manage a caseload. Define a therapist's role and deal with clients in a variety of circumstances and settings in accordance with professional standards and ethics. Conceptualize and prioritize the problems of mentally disordered persons, determining their needs, services, and appropriate treatment methods. Integrate a number of clinical approaches into a treatment plan. Recognize a potential crisis and deliver crisis intervention services. Handle stress and unstable client behavior. Work with people from a diversity of ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Effectively represent the Mental Health Department in contacts with clients, the public, community organizations, other County staff, and other government agencies. MHCII Knowledge of: Principles, techniques and trends in counseling, psychotherapy, and various treatment modalities. Biological, behavioral and environmental aspects of emotional disturbances, mental disability, retardation, and substance abuse. The scope and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies and other available community resources. Identification of individual, social, and environmental problems and their analysis and resolution in existing social contexts. Legislative and administrative rules and regulations pertaining to Lanterman-Petris- Short and Short-Doyle services. Ability to : Perform a variety of complex psychiatric social work and psychotherapy for Mental Health Department clients. Develop clear and comprehensive case records and documentation. Develop and maintain cooperative, constructive relationships with families of clients, members of other professional disciplines, social agencies, and other staff. Prepare treatment plans, client treatment recommendations, and a variety of reports. Organize and manage a caseload. Define a therapist's role and deal with clients in a variety of circumstances and settings in accordance with professional standards and ethics. Conceptualize and prioritize the problems of mentally disordered persons, determining their needs, services and appropriate treatment methods. Integrate a number of clinical approaches into a treatment plan. Recognize a potential crisis and deliver crisis intervention services. Handle stress and unstable client behavior. Work with people from a diversity of ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Effectively represent the Mental Health Department in contacts with clients, the public, community organizations, other County staff, and other government agencies. MHCIII Knowledge of : Principles, techniques and trends in counseling, psychotherapy, and various treatment modalities. Biological, behavioral and environmental aspects of emotional disturbances, mental disability, retardation, and substance abuse. The scope and activities of public and private health and welfare agencies and other available community resources. Identification of individual, social, and environmental problems and their analysis and resolution in existing social contexts. Legislative and administrative rules and regulations pertaining to Lanterman-Petris-Short and Short-Doyle services. Ability to : Perform a variety of complex psychiatric social work and psychotherapy for Mental Health Department clients. Develop clear and comprehensive case records and documentation. Develop and maintain cooperative, constructive relationships with families of clients, members of other professional disciplines, social agencies, and other staff. Prepare treatment plans, client treatment recommendations, and a variety of reports. Organize and manage a caseload. Define a therapist's role and deal with clients in a variety of circumstances and settings in accordance with professional standards and ethics. Conceptualize and prioritize the problems of mentally disordered persons, determining their needs, services, and appropriate treatment methods. Integrate a number of clinical approaches into a treatment plan. Recognize a potential crisis and deliver crisis intervention services. Handle stress and unstable client behavior. Work with people from a diversity of ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Effectively represent the Mental Health Department in contacts with clients, the public, community organizations, other County staff, and other government agencies. In accordance with California Government Code section 3100, et., seq., all County of San Benito employees are considered disaster service workers who may be required to report for duty, or remain on duty to address disaster service activities in the event of an emergency or disaster and are required to undertake an applicable loyalty oath. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousUndergraduate Recruitment Specialist (Student Services Professional II) (10582)Cal State University (CSU) San Francisco 1600 Holloway Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94132, USADescription: Working Title Undergraduate Recruitment Specialist Positions Available 2 Positions Available. SF State University San Francisco State is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, medical condition, National origin, sex, sexual orientation, covered veteran status, or any other protected status. Reasonable accommodations will be provided for qualified applicants with disabilities who self-disclose by contacting the Senior Human Resources Manager. Applicants may visit titleix.sfsu.edu for more information on SF State's policy prohibiting discrimination, and how to file an online report using the procedures under Executive Order 1096 Revised. Inquiries can be directed to the campus Title IX Coordinator and Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation Administrator by calling (415) 338-2032 or emailing vpsaem@sfsu.edu. San Francisco State is a 100% Smoke/Vapor-Free Campus. Smoking or Vaping of any tobacco/plant-based substance is not permitted on any University properties. The person holding this position may be considered a \"mandated reporter\" under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. This position may be a \"designated position\" in the California State University's Conflict of Interest Code. The successful candidate accepting this position may be required to file Conflict of Interest forms subject to the regulations of the Fair Political Practices Commission. Department* Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment Appointment Type* This is a one year probationary position. Time Base* Full-Time (1.0) Work Schedule* Monday to Friday; 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Anticipated Hiring Range* $4,304 per month ($51,648 annually) Salary is commensurate with experience. Position Summary* Under the direct supervision of the Associate Director of Undergraduate Recruitment, the Undergraduate Recruitment Specialist represents SF State at high school/community college visits, college nights/fairs, and transfer days/fairs as assigned. Incumbent plans visits to schools, schedules and makes presentations, and follow-up visits; identifies potential students, and provides information about higher education generally, and the California State University (CSU) and SF State, specifically; and behaves in a manner that promotes goodwill on behalf of the University. Incumbent recruits, advises, and evaluates admissions requirements for prospective undergraduate students to SF State and the CSU system. The incumbent educates the public (including K-12, Community College, Community Based Organizations, and SF State stakeholders) about admissions requirements, policies, and processes and developing and implementing programs for student recruitment. Position Information Outreach and Advising - Provide direct pre-admissions assistance and follow-up for students interested in CSU/SF State University. This includes providing workshops, presentations, and conducting individual and group pre-admissions advising sessions, both on and off campus, and preliminary transcript evaluations. Conduct school visitations and attend college fairs, transfer days, and CSU Counselor Conferences providing outreach services and procedural assistance to perspective students. Conduct follow-up visits and plan and implement yield activities in the Spring. Provide training and updates for Community Colleges, K-12, Community Based Organizations, and SF State stakeholders. Support daily outreach work including phone duty, counter duty, presentations and student advising. These activities are conducted in-person and virtually using current technologies. Campus Representation - Represent the Office of Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment of SF State at selected campus, community, and statewide CSU events, outreach activities, counselor meetings/conferences, and other special events. Participate in department and campus committees, programs and projects as assigned. Maintain a thorough and comprehensive knowledge of admissions practices for special populations, programs and services including, but not limited to, the following areas: Admissions, EOP, Veterans, Associate Degree for Transfers (AD-T), Office of International Programs (OIP), Metro Academies, Athletics, AB540/undocumented students, Early Start, New Student Programs, Housing, Financial Aid, Residential Life, Academic Colleges, Majors and Programs, SF State General Education patterns, Alumni, etc. Special Events and Social Media - Assist in the planning and implementation of on and off campus special events, including Gator Days, College Fairs, Counselor Conferences and various events where the University engages with prospective students and their parents and counselors. Participate in various virtual student recruitment and outreach campaigns. Percentages noted serve as rough guidelines, and the incumbent needs to demonstrate appropriate flexibility and be prepared to adjust responsibilities on an \"as needed\" basis in response to changing workplace priorities and constituency demands. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications* Knowledge and Abilities: Working knowledge of the practices, procedures and activities of the program to which assigned; general knowledge of the methods and problems of organizational and program management. General knowledge of research and interview techniques; and of the principles of individual and group behavior. Ability to interpret and apply program rules and regulations; use initiative and resourcefulness in planning work assignments and in implementing long-range program improvements; obtain factual and interpretative information through interviews; reason logically; collect, compile, analyze and evaluate data and make verbal or written presentations based on these data; advise students individually and in groups on routine matters where required; recognize multicultural, multisexed and multi-aged value systems and work accordingly; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with faculty, CSU administrators, student organizations, private and public agencies and others in committee work, and student advising and community contacts; and, rapidly acquire a general knowledge of the overall operation, functions and programs of the campus to which assigned. Demonstrated ability to make decisions and carry through actions having implications with regard to other program or service areas Services Office. Experience: Possession of these knowledge and abilities is typically demonstrated through the equivalent of two years of professional experience in one of the student services program areas or in a related field; experience should give evidence of competence and indicate the potential for further growth. A master's degree in a job-related field may be substituted for one year of the professional experience. Education: Equivalent to graduation from a four-year college or university in one of the behavioral sciences, public or business administration or a job-related field. Additional specialized experience during which the applicant has acquired and successfully applied the knowledge and abilities shown above may be substituted for the required education on a year-for-year basis. Preferred Qualifications - Experience with setting up and conducting virtual meetings using current technologies. - Excellent oral and written communication skills. - Master's degree preferred. - Bilingual skills highly desirable. - Ability to rapidly acquire knowledge of enrollment and student services programs, policies, procedures, and practices, SF State Bulletin, CSU applications, Educational Opportunity Program (EOP) information and supplementary forms, FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid), and various admissions equity programs targeting underserved students. - Ability to acquire and maintain current knowledge of K-12 and higher education issues. - Knowledge of Microsoft Office and other computer and software tools. Environmental/Physical/Special - Seventy percent of time is spent off campus at school or community sites when off-campus travel is permitted. - Must transport outreach materials to and from site; must load and unload materials weighing up to 50 pounds each. - Must sometimes travel by air and stay overnight in hotels when attending outreach functions and professional development events. - Ability and willingness to accommodate flexible work schedule that includes evenings and weekends, providing outreach services to students and community agencies. - Required to travel to off-campus locations for special activities or conferences. - Must be willing and able to travel distances of 50 miles or more throughout California, including nights and weekends. - Must have access to a car with current registration and automobile insurance to travel to school sites, college fairs, and pre-admissions events within California; if no access to a car, must make own transportation arrangements to meet outreach commitments on time. - Must adhere to the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and the California Information Practices Act by maintaining confidentiality of student information. - Must be able to competently interact with a culturally and ethnically diverse population of students, faculty and staff. Pre-Employment Requirements This position requires the successful completion of a background check. Eligibility to Work* Applicants must be able to provide proof of US Citizenship or authorization to work in the United States, within three business days from their date of hire. Benefits Threaded through our Total Compensation package is a commitment to Bridging Life's Transitions. SF State is committed to providing our employees with a comprehensive program that rewards efforts that are appreciated by your colleagues, students and the customers we serve. We offer a competitive compensation package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Pension, 401k, Healthcare Savings Account, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance, Vacation and Sick Leave as well as State Holidays and a dynamic Fee Waiver program, all geared towards the University's commitment to attract, motivate and retain our employees. How To Apply **THE ONLINE RECRUITMENT SYSTEM WILL ALLOW ONLY ONE FILE ATTACHMENT FOR EACH SUBMISSION** Submit an online application and upload in one file attachment your resume, cover letter, describing your specific qualifications for each position AND three (3) professional references who can comment upon your education and/or job related experience. SF STATE IS NOT A SPONSORING AGENCY FOR STAFF OR MANAGEMENT POSITIONS. (i.e. H1-B VISAS). The Human Resources office is open Mondays through Fridays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and can be reached at (415) 338-1872. Application Deadline This position is open until filled. Please note that this position, position requirements, application deadline and/or any other component of this position is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Closing Date/Time: Open until filledDec 21, 2020Full TimeDescription: Working Title Undergraduate Recruitment Specialist Positions Available 2 Positions Available. SF State University San Francisco State is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, medical condition, National origin, sex, sexual orientation, covered veteran status, or any other protected status. Reasonable accommodations will be provided for qualified applicants with disabilities who self-disclose by contacting the Senior Human Resources Manager. Applicants may visit titleix.sfsu.edu for more information on SF State's policy prohibiting discrimination, and how to file an online report using the procedures under Executive Order 1096 Revised. Inquiries can be directed to the campus Title IX Coordinator and Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation Administrator by calling (415) 338-2032 or emailing vpsaem@sfsu.edu. San Francisco State is a 100% Smoke/Vapor-Free Campus. Smoking or Vaping of any tobacco/plant-based substance is not permitted on any University properties. The person holding this position may be considered a \"mandated reporter\" under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. This position may be a \"designated position\" in the California State University's Conflict of Interest Code. The successful candidate accepting this position may be required to file Conflict of Interest forms subject to the regulations of the Fair Political Practices Commission. Department* Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment Appointment Type* This is a one year probationary position. Time Base* Full-Time (1.0) Work Schedule* Monday to Friday; 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Anticipated Hiring Range* $4,304 per month ($51,648 annually) Salary is commensurate with experience. Position Summary* Under the direct supervision of the Associate Director of Undergraduate Recruitment, the Undergraduate Recruitment Specialist represents SF State at high school/community college visits, college nights/fairs, and transfer days/fairs as assigned. Incumbent plans visits to schools, schedules and makes presentations, and follow-up visits; identifies potential students, and provides information about higher education generally, and the California State University (CSU) and SF State, specifically; and behaves in a manner that promotes goodwill on behalf of the University. Incumbent recruits, advises, and evaluates admissions requirements for prospective undergraduate students to SF State and the CSU system. The incumbent educates the public (including K-12, Community College, Community Based Organizations, and SF State stakeholders) about admissions requirements, policies, and processes and developing and implementing programs for student recruitment. Position Information Outreach and Advising - Provide direct pre-admissions assistance and follow-up for students interested in CSU/SF State University. This includes providing workshops, presentations, and conducting individual and group pre-admissions advising sessions, both on and off campus, and preliminary transcript evaluations. Conduct school visitations and attend college fairs, transfer days, and CSU Counselor Conferences providing outreach services and procedural assistance to perspective students. Conduct follow-up visits and plan and implement yield activities in the Spring. Provide training and updates for Community Colleges, K-12, Community Based Organizations, and SF State stakeholders. Support daily outreach work including phone duty, counter duty, presentations and student advising. These activities are conducted in-person and virtually using current technologies. Campus Representation - Represent the Office of Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment of SF State at selected campus, community, and statewide CSU events, outreach activities, counselor meetings/conferences, and other special events. Participate in department and campus committees, programs and projects as assigned. Maintain a thorough and comprehensive knowledge of admissions practices for special populations, programs and services including, but not limited to, the following areas: Admissions, EOP, Veterans, Associate Degree for Transfers (AD-T), Office of International Programs (OIP), Metro Academies, Athletics, AB540/undocumented students, Early Start, New Student Programs, Housing, Financial Aid, Residential Life, Academic Colleges, Majors and Programs, SF State General Education patterns, Alumni, etc. Special Events and Social Media - Assist in the planning and implementation of on and off campus special events, including Gator Days, College Fairs, Counselor Conferences and various events where the University engages with prospective students and their parents and counselors. Participate in various virtual student recruitment and outreach campaigns. Percentages noted serve as rough guidelines, and the incumbent needs to demonstrate appropriate flexibility and be prepared to adjust responsibilities on an \"as needed\" basis in response to changing workplace priorities and constituency demands. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications* Knowledge and Abilities: Working knowledge of the practices, procedures and activities of the program to which assigned; general knowledge of the methods and problems of organizational and program management. General knowledge of research and interview techniques; and of the principles of individual and group behavior. Ability to interpret and apply program rules and regulations; use initiative and resourcefulness in planning work assignments and in implementing long-range program improvements; obtain factual and interpretative information through interviews; reason logically; collect, compile, analyze and evaluate data and make verbal or written presentations based on these data; advise students individually and in groups on routine matters where required; recognize multicultural, multisexed and multi-aged value systems and work accordingly; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with faculty, CSU administrators, student organizations, private and public agencies and others in committee work, and student advising and community contacts; and, rapidly acquire a general knowledge of the overall operation, functions and programs of the campus to which assigned. Demonstrated ability to make decisions and carry through actions having implications with regard to other program or service areas Services Office. Experience: Possession of these knowledge and abilities is typically demonstrated through the equivalent of two years of professional experience in one of the student services program areas or in a related field; experience should give evidence of competence and indicate the potential for further growth. A master's degree in a job-related field may be substituted for one year of the professional experience. Education: Equivalent to graduation from a four-year college or university in one of the behavioral sciences, public or business administration or a job-related field. Additional specialized experience during which the applicant has acquired and successfully applied the knowledge and abilities shown above may be substituted for the required education on a year-for-year basis. Preferred Qualifications - Experience with setting up and conducting virtual meetings using current technologies. - Excellent oral and written communication skills. - Master's degree preferred. - Bilingual skills highly desirable. - Ability to rapidly acquire knowledge of enrollment and student services programs, policies, procedures, and practices, SF State Bulletin, CSU applications, Educational Opportunity Program (EOP) information and supplementary forms, FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid), and various admissions equity programs targeting underserved students. - Ability to acquire and maintain current knowledge of K-12 and higher education issues. - Knowledge of Microsoft Office and other computer and software tools. Environmental/Physical/Special - Seventy percent of time is spent off campus at school or community sites when off-campus travel is permitted. - Must transport outreach materials to and from site; must load and unload materials weighing up to 50 pounds each. - Must sometimes travel by air and stay overnight in hotels when attending outreach functions and professional development events. - Ability and willingness to accommodate flexible work schedule that includes evenings and weekends, providing outreach services to students and community agencies. - Required to travel to off-campus locations for special activities or conferences. - Must be willing and able to travel distances of 50 miles or more throughout California, including nights and weekends. - Must have access to a car with current registration and automobile insurance to travel to school sites, college fairs, and pre-admissions events within California; if no access to a car, must make own transportation arrangements to meet outreach commitments on time. - Must adhere to the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and the California Information Practices Act by maintaining confidentiality of student information. - Must be able to competently interact with a culturally and ethnically diverse population of students, faculty and staff. Pre-Employment Requirements This position requires the successful completion of a background check. Eligibility to Work* Applicants must be able to provide proof of US Citizenship or authorization to work in the United States, within three business days from their date of hire. Benefits Threaded through our Total Compensation package is a commitment to Bridging Life's Transitions. SF State is committed to providing our employees with a comprehensive program that rewards efforts that are appreciated by your colleagues, students and the customers we serve. We offer a competitive compensation package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Pension, 401k, Healthcare Savings Account, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance, Vacation and Sick Leave as well as State Holidays and a dynamic Fee Waiver program, all geared towards the University's commitment to attract, motivate and retain our employees. How To Apply **THE ONLINE RECRUITMENT SYSTEM WILL ALLOW ONLY ONE FILE ATTACHMENT FOR EACH SUBMISSION** Submit an online application and upload in one file attachment your resume, cover letter, describing your specific qualifications for each position AND three (3) professional references who can comment upon your education and/or job related experience. SF STATE IS NOT A SPONSORING AGENCY FOR STAFF OR MANAGEMENT POSITIONS. (i.e. H1-B VISAS). The Human Resources office is open Mondays through Fridays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and can be reached at (415) 338-1872. Application Deadline This position is open until filled. Please note that this position, position requirements, application deadline and/or any other component of this position is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Closing Date/Time: Open until filledLoad more	Modal WindowEmployer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
