"Jobs - Financial Job NetworkCorporate SponsorConsider the OpportunitiesIt takes dedication and energy to meet the needs of our communities and neighbors.Whether you’re a recent graduate or an experienced professional we offer rewarding and challenging opportunities that support the mission of theAmerican Red Cross.If you’re committed to helping people, serving others, and making a difference in the lives of others everyday, log in and tell us about the talents you can share. Visit the site often to see new opportunities that may be available - and thank you for considering a career with theAmerican Red Cross!View our FJN listingsFJN® JobsFJN® is more than just a job board.We also conduct confidential searches for our clients.Our Financial Job Net® resume database is accessed by executive and human resource recruiters.At times, they prefer to search resumes instead of posting their job listings.Our blind listings receive resumes through our resume database. We do not accept attachments.We suggest you submit your resume using our online form. Go to Register and select Candidate.Please review our policy and disclaimer before you proceed.SearchJob Listings FJN® Jobs are searchable on the following criteria:FJN®JOB#; category; industry; job title; location (city, state U.S./Canada, global); and Corporate Listings. Note: a client may refer to the same job responsibilities but use a different job title than what you are searching for. There are no fees to view job listings.Category FJN® has 9 basic finance categories for all industries: Accountant, Auditor; Banking, Investment; CFO, COO; College; Controller; Finance (all other areas of finance responsibilities not covered in the other categories. We suggest that you always include this category in your search); Insurance (all finance job titles within the insurance industry); and President, CEO. Our Jobs' side links provide direct access to these categories for a quick job listing search.CorporateListingsOur Corporate clients select a plan that best suits their needs, which includes their micro site accessible on our Corporate Listings page, job search page or via their logo rotating throughout our site for ease of searching all of their job opportunities.SubmitJob ListingsThere are fees to post a job. Client registration is required. We offer the following job listing options:Open ListingAll responses go to the listing company, only one form of contact is required; email, fax, or postal address - company name need not be listed. Frequency discounts are available.Blind ListingAll responses go to FJN® and then forwarded to the listing company.Corporate Listing One rate includes job listings, micro site and corporate logo ID.Custom Listing Job fairs, banner advertising, special projects, unlimited postings, frequency discounts, and executive search rates are available.We offer 2 methods to post your job listings:Online Form Use our online form to enter your job description. Accessible form Jobs/Submit or My FJN®/Post Jobs.FTP Single and bulk job listings can be posted via FTP. Inquire"
