"Anthem Inc. Jobs - Specialty Sales Summer Intern II in Des Moines, Iowa, United StatesAnthem Inc. JobsJob InformationAnthem, Inc. Specialty Sales Summer Intern II in Des Moines, IowaDescriptionSHIFT: Day JobSCHEDULE: Full-timeYour Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care. As an Anthem Sales Intern, you will have the exceptional opportunity to do innovative work at a Fortune 50 company!At Anthem, selling isn’t uncomfortable. Our business-to-business selling model helps you develop relationships with business partners and customers. Our sales positions definitely aren’t desk jobs – in fact, no two days are alike. One day you may visit with a client to discuss the success of their program, and later that day you may meet with your internal team to create a new, innovative health care solution that will bring more value to your customer. On another day, you may present our benefits to new customers, and that night, attend a social event with a business partner. Sales at Anthem is all about developing personal relationships to better understand the health care needs of our customers, and you can’t really do that sitting behind a desk. So if you’re looking to start your career, and not just a “summer job”, at a company that cares about both you and our members, then a sales internship at Anthem, Inc., one of America’s leading health benefits companies, may be the perfect opportunity for you!QualificationsOur sales interns will experience life in a professional sales office virtual environment and will learn the sales and retention process beginning with product design, underwriting and pricing for appropriate risk, all the way through customer service and claims payment. You will interact with Account Executives, Account Managers and sales support departments driving important project work – including competitive analysis, work flow process improvement, and customer meetings. While the majority of your time will be dedicated to sales related activities, projects important to other state plan departments will give you a full understanding of the world class products and services Anthem delivers to its customers and members.You must be currently enrolled in an accredited college or university with a preferred winter 2021 / spring 2022 graduation date. Rising Juniors and SeniorsHave an overall cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher.Be motivated and willing to learn with strong communication, organizational, and leadership skills.Skilled at working collaboratively, developing creative solutions, and accomplishing team goals.Have proficiency with Microsoft Windows software applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Outlook).Be willing and/or interested in the CT, ME, NH area.Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and has been named a 2019 Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran. Anthem promotes the delivery of services in a culturally competent manner and considers cultural competency when evaluating applicants for all Anthem positions.REQNUMBER: PS43591Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaSpecialty Sales Summer Intern I...Des MoinesIowaClear All"
