"Kalos Consulting, Inc.Thank you for taking a moment to view the open positions we currently have.Apply for general considerationVisit our websiteSearch For:Locations:Chesterfield, MO (3)Saint Louis, MO (3)Orlando, FL (3)Southwest, WI (3)Atlanta, GA (3)St. Louis, MO (2) More...Geneva, IL (2)Lisle, IL (2)Gays Mills, WI (2)Los Angeles/remote (west Coast), CA (2)Frederick, MD (2)Indianapolis, IN (2)Remote, NA, United States (2)Sarasota, FL (1)Tampa, FL (1)Chicago, IL (1)San Leandro, CA (1)Jessup, MD (1)Saint Louis, MI (1)Wixom, MI (1)Dallas, TX (1)Houston, TX (1)Nashville, TN (1)Na, NA, United States (1)Toronto, Canada (1)Tags:All JobsFileMakerService Sales Rep FEATUREDJoin the Nationwide Commercial Roofing Leader who truly values and appreciates their employees' contributions. Company Highlights Our client is the leading national commercial roofing company in the U.S. with services spanning installation, replacement, new construction, repairs, disaster response, portfolio management, and advanced sustainability options. This company was formed over...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Tampa, FL	|Posted 1/20/2021Commercial Roofing Business Development FEATUREDJoin the Nationwide Commercial Roofing Leader who truly values and appreciates their employees' contributions. Company Highlights Our client is the leading national commercial roofing company in the U.S. with services spanning installation, replacement, new construction, repairs, disaster response, portfolio management, and advanced sustainability options. This company was formed over...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Dallas, TX	|Posted 1/20/2021Project Manager/Estimator FEATUREDJoin the Nationwide Commercial Roofing Leader who values and appreciates their employees' contributions! Company Highlights Our client is the leading national commercial roofing company in the U.S. with services spanning installation, replacement, new construction, repairs, disaster response, portfolio management, and advanced sustainability options. This company was formed over twenty...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - San Leandro, CA	|Posted 1/20/2021Actuarial Assistant - Corporate Valuation FEATUREDCompanyHighlights Since its establishment over 45 years ago, this company has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry. They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, individual living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. The firm was recognized by the Asia Insurance Review as \"Life Reinsurer of the Year\" at the 2018 Asia...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Saint Louis, MO	|Posted 1/20/2021Actuary, Pricing FEATUREDAward-winning firm offering exceptional benefits seeking Actuary talent! CompanyHighlights Since its establishment over 45 years ago, this company has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry. They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, individual living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. The firm is ranked among the...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Saint Louis, MI	|Posted 1/20/2021Life Actuary FEATUREDCompany Preeminent reinsurance firm, very well established Consolidated assets of $50B+ Recognized by international industry institutions as “Life Reinsurer of the Year” More than 2,700 employees, yet they are divided into smaller teams and maintain a small company feel Embraces collaboration to work on big problems and develop the best solutions Pioneered the use of reinsurance as a...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Saint Louis, MO	|Posted 1/20/2021Audit Senior FEATUREDLet us introduce you to a prestigious CPA Firm that values and rewards their employees! Company Highlights Our client is one of the most prestigious CPA firms in the country. For over 40 years, this firm has been a trusted source of accounting advice for the governmental, not-for-profit, publicly held, and private sectors. With the brightest talent onboard, this firm provides an industry...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Orlando, FL	|Posted 1/20/2021Audit Manager FEATUREDLet us introduce you to a prestigious CPA Firm that values and rewards their employees! Company Highlights Our client is one of the most prestigious CPA firms in the country. For over 40 years, this firm has been a trusted source of accounting advice for the governmental, not-for-profit, publicly held, and private sectors. With the brightest talent onboard, this firm provides an industry...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Orlando, FL	|Posted 1/20/2021CPA - Senior Tax Manager FEATUREDLet us introduce you to a prestigious CPA Firm that values and rewards their employees! Company Highlights Our client is one of the most prestigious CPA firms in the country. For over 40 years, this firm has been a trusted source of accounting advice for the governmental, not-for-profit, publicly held, and private sectors. With the brightest talent onboard, this firm provides an industry...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Orlando, FL	|Posted 1/20/2021Actuarial Analyst - Pension FEATUREDJoin an innovative actuarial team with a global company where employees are valued, appreciated and given an opportunity to grow! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 70 years ago, this company has become the premier independent provider of actuarial and risk management services to the insurance industry and self-insured organizations worldwide. Their groundbreaking work in...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Houston, TX	|Posted 1/20/2021Associate Actuary (ASA) FEATUREDJoin an innovative actuarial team with a global company where employees are valued, appreciated and given an opportunity to grow! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 70 years ago, this company has become the premier independent provider of actuarial and risk management services to the insurance industry and self-insured organizations worldwide. Their groundbreaking work in...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Atlanta, GA	|Posted 1/20/2021Actuarial Analyst Employee Benefits FEATUREDJoin an innovative actuarial team with a global company where employees are valued, appreciated and given an opportunity to grow! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 70 years ago, this company has become the premier independent provider of actuarial and risk management services to the insurance industry and self-insured organizations worldwide. Their groundbreaking work in...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Atlanta, GA	|Posted 1/20/2021Senior Tax Accountant FEATUREDWork in a coastal paradise with a remarkable team who values your contributions! Hiring all levels of CPA/EA! Company Highlights Our client is a boutique public accounting firm. With a team under 50 CPAs and staff, everyone has a voice and is recognized for their contributions. For over a decade, this firm has been a loyal and trusted resource of accounting advice for their clients. How...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Sarasota, FL	|Posted 1/20/2021Assistant Actuary, Life Actuarial (Remote) FEATUREDTake your career to new heights with this exceptional opportunity! Company Highlights Our client is one of the most financially sound Life Insurers. They are among the top 5 providers in the United States, servicing 1.3 million customers. This is a large firm with a small company feel that offers great potential for advancement. How the Company Appreciates You In addition to an...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - NA, NA, United States	|Posted 1/20/2021Customer Engagement/Canvasser FEATUREDExciting opportunity with a family-centric company offering growth and advancement! Company Highlights Our client is a leader in providing their customers with the highest quality of products and craftsmanship in an honest, efficient, and professional way. They are a family-oriented company founded over 20 years ago with a mission to enhance and enrich the lives of their customers and...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Lisle, IL	|Posted 1/20/2021Customer Engagement/Phone Representative FEATUREDExciting opportunity with a family-centric company offering growth and advancement! Company Highlights Our client is a leader in providing their customers with the highest quality of products and craftsmanship in an honest, efficient, and professional way. They are a family-oriented company founded over 20 years ago with a mission to enhance and enrich the lives of their customers and...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Lisle, IL	|Posted 1/20/2021Senior Applications Engineer/Technical Lead FEATUREDExciting new remote role with a great team that values, appreciates, and rewards your contributions! Company Highlights Founded by a team of proven entrepreneurs, our client provides an innovative solution for companies entering the legal gambling space inside the US. Their advanced technology platform is a unique and comprehensive iGaming solution that powers an online racing casino. This...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Los Angeles/Remote (West coast), CA	|Posted 1/20/2021Senior Software Engineer/Technical Lead FEATUREDExciting new remote role with a great team who values, appreciates and rewards their employees! Company Highlights Founded by a team of proven entrepreneurs, our client provides an innovative solution for companies entering the legal gambling space inside the US. Their advanced technology platform is a unique and comprehensive iGaming solution that powers an online racing casino. This...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Los Angeles/Remote (west coast), CA	|Posted 1/20/2021FileMaker Developer/Analyst FEATUREDJoin a collaborative team where your contributions will not only be recognized, but they'll make a difference! Company Highlights Our client is the North American leader in sustainable, end-to-end management solutions for end-of-life batteries and consumer electronics. Since the firm began over 25 years ago, their goal has always been to conserve natural resources from spent batteries,...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Wixom, MI	|Posted 1/20/2021Technical Product Manager FEATUREDNow is the best time to join a family-centric firm who truly values and appreciates their employees' contributions! Company Highlights For over 25 years, our client has forged a place in the HVAC/R industry establishing an area of expertise in advanced sensor technology for HVAC & R applications. They are a premier sensor manufacturer for HVAC/R specializing in sensors for temperature,...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Gays Mills, WI	|Posted 1/20/2021Assistant Actuary, Non-Traditional Valuation FEATUREDJoin an innovative leader in the reinsurance industry who values and appreciates employee contributions! CompanyHighlights Since its establishment over 45 years ago, our client has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry. They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. A Fortune 250 firm and recognized by the...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - St. Louis, MO	|Posted 1/15/2021Executive Director and Actuary- Valuation FEATUREDJoin an innovative leader in the reinsurance space who values and appreciates their employees' contributions! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 45 years ago, our client has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry. They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. A Fortune 250 firm and recognized by...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Chesterfield, MO	|Posted 1/12/2021Sr. Software Engineer - Front End FEATUREDCompany Business Supply & Equipment E-com company that’s grown from startup to mid-size, now backed by a fortune 250 company Company Culture that’s been featured in Entrepreneur Magazine’s top lists Great Place to Work Certified Company Featured on Built-in and Chi-Tribune’s: Chicago’s top Places to Work Lists How The Company Appreciates You Health, Dental, Vision, and Life insurance...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Chicago, IL	|Posted 1/11/2021Actuarial Recruiter and Team Lead (Remote) FEATUREDKalos Consulting is a consulting firm specializing in engineering, actuarial and software developer recruitment and is seeking an Executive Search Recruiter to join our team just outside Chicago, IL. Kalos Consulting is a young and vibrant company headed by a seasoned director and is fast expanding. We are looking for dynamic and entrepreneurial thinkers who can work independently and will...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Geneva, IL	|Posted 1/11/2021Commercial Roofing Superintendent FEATUREDJoin an industry-leading Commercial Roofing Company where your talents will be recognized and celebrated. Company Highlights Our client is a full-service commercial roofing company specializing in roof repairs, roof replacements, and roof coatings. They provide comprehensive commercial roofing solutions that are tailored to their client’s individual and unique needs. This company is on the...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Nashville, TN	|Posted 1/8/2021Safety Manager-Construction FEATUREDJoin the Nationwide Commercial Roofing Leader who truly values and appreciates their employees' contributions. Company Highlights Our client is the leading national commercial roofing company in the U.S. with services spanning installation, replacement, new construction, repairs, disaster response, portfolio management, and advanced sustainability options. This company was formed over...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Indianapolis, IN	|Posted 12/28/2020Associate Actuary (Near ASA) FEATUREDJoin an innovative actuarial team with a global company where employees are valued, appreciated and given an opportunity to grow! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 70 years ago, this company has become the premier independent provider of actuarial and risk management services to the insurance industry and self-insured organizations worldwide. Their groundbreaking work in...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Atlanta, GA	|Posted 12/28/2020Prophet ActuaryCompany Information Since its establishment over 45 years ago, this company has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry.They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, individual living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. The firm was recognized by the Asia Insurance Review as \"Life Reinsurer of the Year\" at the 2018 Asia...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Chesterfield, MO	|Posted 1/20/2021Actuary, Corporate ModelingAward-winning firm offering exceptional benefits seeking Actuary talent! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 45 years ago, this company has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry. They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, individual living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. The firm was recognized by the...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - St. Louis, MO	|Posted 1/20/2021Assistant Actuary, Product PerformanceGrow your actuarial talent with this Global firm who truly values your contributions! Company Highlights Our client is one of the most financially sound Life Insurers with a global presence. They are among the top 5 providers in the United States, servicing 1.3 million customers. This is a large firm with a small company feel that offers great potential for advancement. How the Company...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Frederick, MD	|Posted 1/20/2021Assistant Actuary, IFRS & PBR ImplementationTake your Actuarial career to new heights with this exceptional firm! Company Highlights Our client is one of the most financially sound Life Insurers. They are among the top 5 providers in the United States, servicing 1.3 million customers. This is a large firm with a small company feel that offers great potential for advancement. How the Company Appreciates You In addition to an...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Frederick, MD	|Posted 1/20/2021Jr. FileMaker DeveloperCompany Small growing software company focused on being the best in the business Team work mentality to encourage strengths and leverage with coworkers skills Diverse industry presence Focus on team culture and creativity High energy atmosphere Benefits and Features Competitive salary 401k with company match Annual bonuses Free lunches Opportunity to attend annual FileMaker...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Remote, NA , United States	|Posted 1/20/2021Electronic Design EngineerExceptional family-centric company who recognizes individual contributions is seeking electronic design expertise! Company Highlights For over 25 years, our client has forged a place in the HVAC/R industry establishing an area of expertise in advanced sensor technology for HVAC & R applications. They are a premier sensor manufacturer for HVAC/R specializing in sensors for temperature,...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Southwest, WI	|Posted 1/20/2021Test Engineer - EngineeringExceptional family-centric company who recognizes individual contributions is seeking Test Engineer talent! Company Highlights For over 25 years, our client has forged a place in the HVAC/R industry establishing an area of expertise in advanced sensor technology for HVAC & R applications. They are a premier sensor manufacturer for HVAC/R specializing in sensors for temperature, humidity,...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Southwest, WI	|Posted 1/20/2021Firmware EngineerExciting opportunity with a family-centric company where contributions are recognized! Company For 25 years, this firm has forged a place in the HVAC/R industry establishing an area of expertise in advanced sensor technology for HVAC & R applications. They are a premier sensor manufacturer for HVAC/R specializing in sensors for temperature, humidity, pressure, wireless and air quality...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Gays Mills, WI	|Posted 1/20/2021Test Engineer - Manufacturing EngineerExceptional family-centric company who values individual contributions is seeking Test Engineer talent! Company Highlights For over 25 years, our client has forged a place in the HVAC/R industry establishing an area of expertise in advanced sensor technology for HVAC & R applications. They are a premier sensor manufacturer for HVAC/R specializing in sensors for temperature, humidity,...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Southwest, WI	|Posted 1/20/2021Recruitment Practice Leader and Team LeadKalos Consulting is a consulting firm specializing in engineering, actuarial, and software developer recruitment and is seeking a Practice Leader / Team Lead to join our team just outside Chicago, IL, or remotely. Kalos Consulting is a young and vibrant company headed by a seasoned director and is fast expanding. We are looking for dynamic and entrepreneurial thinkers who can work independently...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Geneva, Il	|Posted 1/11/2021Senior Assistant ActuaryJoin a progressive company in the reinsurance industry that truly values and appreciates their employees! Company Highlights Since its establishment over 45 years ago, this company has become a leader in the global life reinsurance industry. They deliver expert solutions in individual life reinsurance, individual living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, financial solutions and more. ...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Saint Louis, MO	|Posted 1/4/2021Life Pricing ActuaryCompany Preeminent reinsurance firm, very well established Consolidated assets of $50B+ Recognized by international industry institutions as “Life Reinsurer of the Year” More than 2,700 employees, yet they are divided into smaller teams and maintain a small company feel Embraces collaboration to work on big problems and develop the best solutions Pioneered the use of reinsurance as a...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Toronto, Canada	|Posted 1/4/2021Life Pricing ActuaryCompany Preeminent reinsurance firm, very well established Consolidated assets of $50B+ Recognized by international industry institutions as “Life Reinsurer of the Year” More than 2,700 employees, yet they are divided into smaller teams and maintain a small company feel Embraces collaboration to work on big problems and develop the best solutions Pioneered the use of reinsurance as a...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Chesterfield, MO	|Posted 12/28/2020Superintendant- Commercial RoofingJoin the Nationwide Commercial Roofing Leader who truly values and appreciates their employees' contributions. Company Highlights Our client is the leading national commercial roofing company in the U.S. with services spanning installation, replacement, new construction, repairs, disaster response, portfolio management, and advanced sustainability options. This company was formed over...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Jessup, MD	|Posted 11/17/2020Sr. FileMaker DeveloperCompany Team work mentality to encourage strengths and leverage with coworkers skills Diverse industry presence Focus on team culture and creativity High energy atmosphere Benefits and Features Competitive salary 401k with company match Annual bonuses Free lunches Opportunity to attend annual FileMaker Developer conference Community Remote potential Background Profile ...Tagged: FileMakerKalos Consulting, Inc. - Remote, NA, United States	|Posted 10/5/2020Sr. FileMaker DeveloperCompany Small growing software company focused on being the best in the business Team work mentality to encourage strengths and leverage with coworkers skills Diverse industry presence Focus on team culture and creativity High energy atmosphere Benefits and Features Competitive salary 401k with company match Annual bonuses Free lunches Opportunity to attend annual FileMaker...Kalos Consulting, Inc. |Posted 6/3/2020FileMaker DeveloperCompany Small growing software company focused on being the best in the business Team work mentality to encourage strengths and leverage with coworkers skills Diverse industry presence Focus on team culture and creativity High energy atmosphere Benefits and Features Competitive salary 401k with company match Annual bonuses Free lunches Opportunity to attend annual FileMaker...Kalos Consulting, Inc. - Indianapolis, IN	|Posted 4/30/2020Powered by Crelate"
