"Kellyanne Conway Takes a Job With Fox News – ALLOD-4Search for:HomeABOUTPrivacy PolicyKellyanne Conway Takes a Job With Fox NewsFlagg Eagleton-Patriot Fox News Satire That's More Belivable Than Fox NewsKellyanne Conway might be leaving the White House, but we won’t have to wait long to see her bright, smiling face again.According to our sources at Fox News, the soon to be former Trump Senior Aide and candidate for mother of the year for her sacrifice will start a new job there sometime next month:“Kellyanne definitely needed to take some time off to sort out the issues with her traitorous little daughter, but that should only take a week or two. We’re hoping to see her here shortly after next weekend.”Conway’s daughter has been making waves and denouncing her parents after attending liberally biased indoctrination centers in Washington, also known as “school.”A family insider says Conway feels the need to head home to give people the illusion that she cares about her family as much as she cares about the President:“Kellyanne has spent the past almost four years in a political bubble, doing everything in her power to make a moron sound like an intelligent, capable leader. It’s more than a full-time job, and it’s come at a great cost.“Before this, she was able to pretend she cared about America, her family, and her dignity. Now, with those lies exposed, she needs to refocus her real-life campaign and move people into a more favorable view of her.“The plastic surgery didn’t help. She was more recognizable as the Crypt Keeper. The plastic face thing is just odd.”Fox hasn’t released an official statement, but those close with the Sean Hannity show say he’s looking forward to collaborating with her and hopes he gets a chance to “tap that fine ass.”Most Americans disagree, holding the opinion that Kellyanne has the body of an 8-year-old boy. Of course, that may be what Hannity likes so much.Either way, good luck, Kellyanne! We’ll miss you at the White House but we hope you take Chris Wallace’s job!Share this:About Flagg Eagleton-Patriot	117 Articles	Flagg Eagleton is the son of an American potato farmer and a patriot. After spending 4 years in the Navy and 7 on welfare picking himself up by the bootstraps, Flagg finally got his HVAC certificate and is hard at work keeping the mobile homes of Tallahassee at a comfy 83 degrees.	PreviousPelosi Denies Visa for Melania’s ParentsNextMexico Bans Entry to ‘Filthy Diseased’ AmericansBe the first to comment	You must log in to post a comment.Hot Potato	Malia Obama Arrested Again, Complete Media Blackout	The truth is right in front of you. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Hot Potato	Governor’s Conference Votes 32-18 to Impeach Nancy Pelosi	The dominos are falling. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Hot Potato	Kamala:’Our Military Are Soulless Cowards. Their Budget Must Be Cut.’	*CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Elderly Cash Grabbin' Satire	Biden Plan Includes Yearly ‘Retirement Tax’	The tax proposals are being fast-tracked through the House one by one. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Genuine Flat Earth Satire	Smithsonian Exhibit Features Griffin’s Prop Trump Head	The travelling “art tour” is causing quite a stir while raking in a fortune. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Satire Guaranteed to Enrage the Common Tater	Biden Pardons Hillary Clinton And Offers Her A Job	The swamp is getting deeper. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Fox News Satire That's More Belivable Than Fox News	Ted Cruz Endorses Joe Biden	Another turncoat comes out. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Fox News Satire That's More Belivable Than Fox News	Dixie Cup Company to Change Name to ‘Diversity’	“Diversity Cups” will now be in every office water cooler. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:Satire and/or Conservative Fan Fiction	Federal Judge’s Panel Gives Prosecutor the Go-Ahead to Indict Obama and Clinton	The truth is right there in front of you. *CLICK TO TATE*Share this:HomeABOUTPrivacy PolicyCopyright 1776 - 2906 - Paid Liberal Trolls of America"
