"Workers ClubsHomeLegalSitemapTech companies Twitter and Facebook captured headlines with announcements about permanent work from home. But the news from a 94-year-old company based in the heartland — Columbus, Ohio — may have been even more significant. Nationwide Insurance is shutting five regional offices since remote work has gone off so smoothly during the pandemic. And thousands of employees will permanently ditch their commutes for home offices. Work From HomeThe salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. Work From Home Jobs#24 – Magoosh – If you are good at GMAT, GRE, TOEFL, SAT, and ACT, and tests, Magoosh is looking to hire online test prep experts to help students prepare for these papers. As a requirement, you must be an experienced BA or BS holder with high scores in GRE, SAT, GMAT. The standard pay for weekdays is $20 an hour and shoots up to $25 an hour over the weekends. Work At HomeLike “social distancing,” “contact tracer” may be a term you’d never heard of before 2020, but now seems to be everywhere. These disease detectives track down all the people who an infected person has been in contact with recently and let them know about their exposure, as well as what they should do next to prevent spreading the coronavirus further. Contact tracing is considered to be a key step in overcoming the pandemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization.What It Is: What better way to feed your travel bug than to work as a remote travel agent or consultant? Whether part- or full-time, spend your working hours dreaming up itineraries, flight plans, hotels, and activities for clients looking to travel far and wide. Then, take advantage of your discounts (hey, perks of the job) and go wherever your heart desires, whenever your heart desires. Work From HomeSchools aren't just for book learning; they also provide a safe haven for students where professionals can help assess and promote their well-being. School psychologists work with K-12 students to identify and address any academic struggles, learning disabilities, and behavioral and emotional issues. And with schools currently practicing remote learning, school districts are seeking remote workers to provide this important specialized service via teletherapy. Some opportunities are available immediately to serve for the remainder of this school year, while others may begin before the fall. You must have proper licensure for the state in which you'll work. Work From Home JobsOwning a business can be a good path to working from home. For an initial investment, franchises offer an established business with brand awareness, a business model, a territory and maybe even access to capital. There are franchise opportunities in mailing and shipping, cosmetics, travel, marketing, employment and staffing, retail and many more industries. Work From HomeStep back from the full-time grind and try offering your knowledge and skills as an independent consultant. This can be a particularly attractive move for pre-retirees in a variety of industries hoping to ease into retirement, as it lets you trim back your hours as you see fit but maintain your senior-level pay rate if you stick with your area of expertise. You might even be able to talk to your current employer about transitioning a full-time position into a contract role. Otherwise, a number of online job boards — such as Upwork and FlexJobs — and staffing agencies — such as Wahve (which specializes in working with pre-retirees) and Robert Half — can help connect you with clients.#3-Affiliate Marketing – If you decide to start your own blog or build up a social media following, affiliate marketing could be very profitable. Affiliate marketing is when you market a service or product for a company. In return, you get a commission if someone who clicks on your link makes a sale. How much you make all depends on the company you work with. All affiliate marketers typically earn around the same per referral. Some affiliates are worth more than others, so be sure to be on the lookout for the deals that are more lucrative. Also, keep your niche and your audience in mind. You don't want to promote something that won't benefit your readers or doesn't make sense for your brand. Work At Home#48 – Stitch Fix – Read review – If you are a fashionista with a creative eye, try Stitch Fix a company that allows you to share fashion tips with clients on the site. For work at home stylist, Stitch Fix offers a $16+ an hour pay. As a requirement, you must be 18 years of age or more and be ready to attend their off-site training before starting the job. Work From Home Jobs#2-Freelance Writing – Freelance writers get hired to provide content for clients. Find a niche your comfortable with and write whatever topics your client needs. There's a lot of work out there for freelance writers. Writing is something that will always be in demand. Clients need content for their blogs and that's what writers bring. Some freelancers earn 6-figures per year and you can too.What It Is: If you're already fluent in two languages, why not put your skills to use and work as a translator? Translators are often required to translate documents or audio recordings from one language into another. You can work for yourself as a freelance translator, or apply to work with companies like Welocalize that offer a wide range of remote translation services. Work From HomeCurrent positions available include business sales representatives, customer service representatives, and bilingual customer service representatives. Positions are available in the US and Canada. You'll be provided with proprietary technology that enables you to securely access applications, so you will be able to support and assist customers with a variety of services and technical needs. You must be at least 17 years of age, have a high school diploma or general equivalency diploma, and have wire connected Internet access. Work From HomeAppen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world.The salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted.That puts contact tracers in high demand. In fact, a recent report from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health estimates that the nation needs about 100,000 new contact tracers to help manage the COVID-19 outbreak. But you can still expect the competition to be fierce for this remote position. Education and work experience requirements vary by employer, but the CDC’s job posting specifies that at least a high school diploma is required, and a bachelor’s degree is preferred. Otherwise, the major requirements include strong communication abilities — you’ll spend most of your time on the phone closely following a script — computer skills and empathy. Being multilingual may help boost your chances of getting hired. Training is provided. (Even if you’re not planning to be a contact tracer, you can take a free online six-hour training course developed by Johns Hopkins, just to learn more about COVID-19.) Work At Home JobsIf you have experience and knowledge in a specific area, then consider sharing it with others. For example, if you’re an accountant or lawyer, then you can provide advice to small businesses for a pretty penny. You could also consult businesses on how to use a new software program or how to become more environmentally friendly. (If you're interested, my company offers a consulting guide to get started.)What It Is: Create virtual displays of art and graphics by assembling images, typographies, and motion graphics for published, printed, or digital media. This may include drafting logos, packaging, labels, and advertisements for brands. Top candidates will have skills in creativity, typography, software, web design, Adobe Photoshop, technology, and more. Work At Home JobsThis list is great, thanks! I wanted to point out, though, that it looks like at least some of the transcription jobs are listed as paying per audio hour which would work out to a lot less per hour of work. One hour of audio can take 3 to 4 hours for an experienced transcriber to complete, so $24/audio hour=$6-8/hour. Just something for people to be aware of. Work At Home JobsPay can vary greatly, depending on your level of experience and area of expertise. For example, management consultants, who help organizations identify strategies to increase efficiency, can make anywhere from $17 to $170 an hour, on average, according to PayScale. RenoFi, an online marketplace for home renovation loans, is seeking renovation project consultants to review and report on the feasibility of residential construction projects. The job listing does not specify pay rates but notes that ideal candidates may have worked previously as a general contractor, a position that pays an average $15 to $63 an hour, according to PayScale. Work From Home Jobs×*** Below The Video ***Click On \"I'm not a Robot\" to go to Workers-Clubs.info!Workers Clubs Work From Home JobsWorkers Clubs Work From Home Jobs Contact us at webmaster@workers-clubs.info | Sitemap txt | Sitemap"
