"Temping Archives - Atwood TateLondon0203 574 4420Oxford01865 339628AboutMeet The TeamWork For UsOur CharityJobsFreelance & TempsExecutiveAdviceBlogContact UsJob SearchTag Archives: Temping	← Older postsby Claire Law | February 14, 2020 · 12:00 pm	Why Temping is Terrific!Have you thought about temping? Did you decide to focus on securing a permanent role?A common misunderstanding about temping is that it distracts you from finding your dream job! This is not the case…Temping is the perfect way to decide the kind of role you would like, the type of company you would like to work for and where your skill set lies.Not only that but temp positions can turn into permanent ones! If you work hard, stand out and prove yourself they won’t want to let you go!Here’s what one of our temps said:`Atwood Tate were really helpful and friendly when I first went to meet them and got me into a temp role really quickly at a great publishing house… They were also really enthusiastic and encouraging when my temporary role got made permanent (even though that meant cutting my temporary contract short). Would definitely recommend Atwood Tate for anyone looking to get into publishing!’Once you are in, you get first pick of any internal roles and you can apply!Temping also allows you to build up your publishing knowledge and experience that will assist you in an interview along with building up your network of contacts in a small industry.Our temp’s team doesn’t stop assisting you once we have placed you in a role. Instead we will continue to place you into temp roles to build up your publishing experience which will secure you a permanent role!`It has been a great success since registering in May this year. The windows into different areas of the publishing industry that assignments offered have proven invaluable for securing a permanent publishing role. I’ve felt support from start to finish.’Contact our temps team to register:Novia Kingshott, Senior Publishing Recruitment Consultant on 0203 574 4421Kathryn Flicker, Temps Coordinator on 0203 574 4427Leave a CommentFiled under Advice, Company NewsTagged as #atwoodtate, #publishingrecruitment, advice, blogoftheday, postoftheday, publishing, Publishing Industry, Publishing Recruitment Agency, publishingtips, Temping, temptoperm, tipsby Claire Law | January 10, 2019 · 12:28 pm	Industry Spotlight: TempingWhat is temping?Publishers contact us to book temps when they need an extra pair of hands to help them meet a deadline or when they are extra busy. These roles are also urgent with almost immediate starts. Our clients also need temps to cover sick leave or to cover whilst a new permanent team member is being recruited. They may even consider the temp! Temp roles can range from 2 days up to 6 months and can be extended further and even lead to a permanent role.Temping with Atwood TateThe Temps/Freelancers team cover roles across the entire publishing industry including trade and educational, Academic, Science as well as professional and B2B, digital and print. They also cover administration, finance, HR, marketing, and sales.The team are:Kellie Millar (Temps/Freelancers Manager) kelliemillar@atwoodtate.co.ukNovia Kingshott (Senior Recruitment Consultant) NoviaKingshott@atwoodtate.co.ukAnna Slevin (Temps/Freelancers Administrator) annaslevin@atwoodtate.co.ukAnna is a former Atwood Tate temp herself and had a few admin placements in Accounts Payable and Publications Teams. As she can testify temps are paid weekly on Fridays and receive holiday pay which goes into a “pot” they draw from when they go on annual leave. Temps can be paid by hour or have a day rate depending on the job.Our clients aren’t all publishers but have a busy publishing team. These also include a royal academic society, a charity or even a standards or ratings publisher. A lot of the time when temping, skills are readily transferrable and employers are more flexible regarding your work background. Marketing roles are particularly easy to transfer across or specialist knowledge such as science or law can be very useful in editorial for those specialist subject publishers.How will temping benefit me and is an extension guaranteed?Sometimes temps cover a role more senior or more junior than they would typically expect. This could be in a different area to one they have worked in before or one they do because they love what the publisher works on and the job. Temping is great for exploring the industry and various companies.Temp roles will often say “extensions possible” this is because roles can be extended for more days and weeks or a contract on the publisher’s payroll could be offered. There are no guarantees but it does happen and you are more than welcome to apply for internal vacancies while working for that publisher which may not be available to the general public.Candidates do come to Atwood Tate specifically wanting temp or freelance work but quite often they are looking for a permanent job but don’t yet have the required experience so the Temps team can help to get that ‘foot in the door’. Once a candidate has a bit more experience in publishing, the Permanent Team can help look for a permanent role in publishing. Kellie and Novia can help you to build up that in-house experience.What is the recruitment process for temping?A role comes in. We tell you about it / You express interest. We put you forward. If the client chooses your CV you can start working immediately or there may be a telephone interview or even a face to face interview. Interviews are less formal and shorter with temp roles.As a Temp: work hard + submit timesheets + be paid on Fridays = WORK IN PUBLISHING!!!(You also learn a lot no matter how well you know the role and get to work with some really lovely people.)With contributions from Anna SlevinLeave a CommentFiled under Company News, Industry SpotlightTagged as #workinpublishing, advice, blogging, Job Seeking, publishing, publishing world, recruitment, Tempingby Cheryl O'garro | September 25, 2018 · 3:56 pm	SYP Panel Help Aspiring Publishers to Kick-Start Their CareerIn September, SYP London kindly hosted ‘Kick-Start Your Career: How to Succeed with your Job Search this Autumn’ for aspiring and entry level publishing candidates hoping to gain some career and work experience from established members of the industry. Speakers included our very own Associate Director Helen Speedy, who all brought their experiences and insights on how to build a successful career in publishing.Did you miss the event? Perhaps you would like a recap! Helen Speedy shares her publishing career advice and experiences.Explain your role and how you got there (approx. 5 mins each).I am the Associate Director at Atwood Tate, a specialist publishing recruitment company based in Central London and Oxford. My job is to manage the Permanent team day-to day, who consist of seven consultants and an administrator, and make sure everybody is hitting their targets, having smooth relations with both clients and candidates and generally feeling happy. I am also the contact for senior publishing roles across the country, so a day can be talking through pipelines and business development with my team, or taking briefs from clients and sourcing appropriate candidates for the recruitment process.I got my first job through talking to one of the speakers at the Oxford Brookes Careers Day towards the end of my MA, who gave me the contact details of someone looking for an Office Junior.How do I get my first job in publishing?There are a number of ways to get your first publishing job, and it’s worth trying a few to give yourself the best possible chance.MA (plus work experience and networking)Work experience placements that could lead to your first jobThrough an agency – temping can lead to perm or to getting that work experience you needed but being paid properly along the way (also perm)Networking events are a great way to build up your contacts and make a good impression before you’ve even made an application!Proactive volunteering/personal work are also worth considering to boost your CV and stand out from the crowd. It is a lot easier to prove your interest in children’s illustrated fiction if your social media, blogging or volunteering backs you up!What advice would you give your younger self, when you were just starting out?Be more confident and don’t always assume that there are people better qualified than you.What do you regret doing in your career?I don’t have any regrets really. That may sound a bit complacent, but I have the philosophy that you make the right decision at the time and there is no point looking back. There are various points in my career when I could have taken a different path and I have turned down jobs and also taken roles that didn’t quite turn out to be what I thought. I remind myself that I made those decisions and they felt like the right choice at the time. As long as you feel in control and you are happy with your decision at that time, you should not have any regrets. The only lasting regret I have is not calling out a bully, but I was young and in the junior position, so I forgive myself and it has given me the strength to help others confront difficult situations and not be scared to do so myself.Associate Director Helen Speedy (second from left) after speaking on the panelWhat’s the best career advice you’ve heard?In terms of CV advice, make sure it shows the difference you made and the impact you’ve had, not just a list of your dutiesIf you’ve got lots of voluntary experience, internships and temp roles, try categorising rather than listing chronologically – tell a story and make sure the facts support the narrative.How do you know if you should go for a role or not?Can you tick 70-80% of the boxes (usually nobody has it all!)Is it located in a sensible place for you to commute to?Does picturing yourself in the role make you feel excited?Do you think it would give you opportunities to learn?What do you know about the company culture and how that would suit you?If you’re not sure, try to have a conversation (with recruiter or name on advert)Is it off-putting for employers if you apply for lots of different positions at the same company?It depends on the size of company. It can be off-putting if it looks you are applying for anything and there is no real effort on any of the applications. HR will begin to wonder how can you be truly that interested in so many different roles with different skillsets! If there are different roles that catch your eye, find out if they will refer you if their role isn’t suitable. In a small company,you may get referred internally (I did for my first job and ended up with a better job than the one I applied for!)Want to hear more about the SYP?The Society of Young Publishers is a membership body for aspiring publishers and current candidates in the first ten years of their career. With branches in London, Oxford, South-West, North, Ireland and Scotland; the SYP is the biggest membership organisation in the publishing industry. For more details and to sign up, go to https://thesyp.org.uk/membership-signup.Leave a CommentFiled under Advice, Industry News & Events, Industry VoicesTagged as #Work Experience, #workinpublishing, advice, Atwood Tate, books, Event, events, how to, Interview, Interview tips, Job Seeking, jobs, networking, publishing, Publishing Events, publishing world, Q&A, recruitment, Recruitment Consultant, Society of Young Publishers, SYP, Temping, tipsby Kellie Millar | June 29, 2018 · 11:11 am	Industry Spotlight: TempingWelcome to Atwood Tate’s industry spotlight series, where we go behind the scenes of each of our recruitment desks to give you the scoop on working with Atwood Tate. Our first entry is with our wonderful temps and freelancers desk, manned by Kellie Millar and Alison Redfearn. Kellie and Alison help clients not just in London but nationwide, and they work with temps and freelancers at all levels, in all publishing sectors from trade and education to Scientific and academic as well as professional and B2B. They also proudly help and support many interns gain their first paid assignments in publishing. The temps desk is supported by Anna Slevin, who helps with on-boarding new temps, administering holiday pay and dealing with all time sheet or payroll issues.How can temping benefit my career?Companies can’t always predict when they’ll need someone. The requirements can come fast and without notice and are urgent. If you’ve been struggling to get a job, through temping, you could actually start working tomorrow.Due to the urgency of the requirement, sometimes, there isn’t even time for an interview. At most, the client may ask for just a quick, informal phone call so they can ask some relevant questions and gauge a candidate’s answers and then hire. That’s how quick it can be sometimes – you might hear from us on Monday and start working on Tuesday. Sometimes, our temps move directly from one role to another, developing new skills and using the temping experience to further their publishing careers step by step, or even get made permanent! Temps can be booked to cover sick leave, holiday, special projects or to take the pressure off a team whilst they are recruiting for a permanent role – they may even hire you!What type of job sectors do you cover?We cover temp and freelance roles across the book, journal and B2B magazine sector as well as the ever evolving digital publishing and IT technology sectors within Editorial, Marketing, Sales and Production, Product Development, E-Learning as well as Admin and Customer Support.What type of roles can I get as a temp?Here is a small sample of roles we have placed!Social Media and Marketing Assistant, Trade PublisherCustomer Support Administrator, Magazine PublisherEditorial Assistant (Exams), Educational PublisherBrand and Marketing Executive, Children’s PublisherProduction Controller, Arts PublisherPart time Publicity Assistant, Non FictionPublicity Manager, Fiction PublisherMarketing Executive, Scientific PublisherLegislation Editor, Legal publisherFreelance Sub Editor, B2B publisherHow would I get paid?Temps are added to Atwood Tate’s payroll and get paid on a weekly basis, on an hourly rate. We use online timesheets for you to record your hours, which your manager approves. Temps also accrue holiday pay and can also opt into pensions too. Payments are paid directly into your bank account each Friday, just in time for the weekend!What if I want to go permanent?Temping can be an excellent route to finding a permanent role in publishing. You can treat the temporary assignment like a working interview and network with your team and various departments to learn about roles that may be coming up. There is the possibility while you are temping to be offered a permanent role. You can also apply for any internal roles you see being advertised. The beauty of temping is the variety, the opportunity to explore. More senior candidates also enjoy the flexibility that temping or freelancing offers. For those of you starting out, you can build up your admin and publishing experience and even if you don’t go temp to perm through your temp assignment, the experience gained and added to your growing CV, will put you in good stead for applying for future permanent roles.For more information about temping or freelancing do feel free to contact us via Atwood Tate’s “Meet the team” page or to apply for temp and freelancer roles visit our job pagesLeave a CommentFiled under Advice, Industry SpotlightTagged as #workinpublishing, advice, Atwood Tate, blogging, how to, industry spotlight, Job Seeking, Publishing Recruitment, Publishing Recruitment Agency, spotlight, Temping, tipsby Helen Speedy | May 22, 2018 · 9:48 am	The Spare Room Project: Helen’s Experience Hosting Publishing InternsWhat is the Spare Room Project and how does it work?Let’s be honest, opportunities in the publishing industry are mainly in London and this can be a real obstacle for anyone looking to enter the industry from outside of the capital. This is where the Spare Room Project comes in. In 2016, James Spackman (publisher and consultant) with the support of the Publishers Association, set up this project, which provides aspiring publishers with the opportunity to stay in the city for free and take up work experience placements.So how does it work? It’s simple really: interns are matched with hosts who are willing to offer their spare room for a week. If you sign up to the Spare Room Project, you’ll be added to a mailing list and alerted when there are new lodgers to host. There’s no immediate obligation to host and you only need reply when you see dates that will work for you. I would urge anyone with a spare room to sign up and see whether you can help now or in the future.Helen’s experience hosting internsI’m excited to be hosting my third Spare Room Project intern in June. Not being a Londoner by upbringing, I am sympathetic to the challenges facing anyone looking to enter the industry from outside of the publishing hubs of London, Oxford and Cambridge, so it’s been great to be involved in this scheme. It’s not only good to be doing something practical to enable those without existing contacts to gain an insight into publishing and hopefully get a foot in the door, but it’s also been an enjoyable and enriching experience from my point of view. We’ve had two quite different guests so far, one who was a huge fan of musical theatre and managed to get cheap tickets for shows most evenings, so we hardly saw her and our second guest, who quickly became part of the family and was a huge hit with (and incredibly tolerant of) my children. Quite different experiences, but both were perfect lodgers and no problem at all to host.You can find out more here https://thespareroomproject.co.uk/ or on their Twitter, @SpareRoomProj, and don’t just take my word for it, read some of the testimonials on the PA’s website and check out their FAQs https://www.publishers.org.uk/activities/inclusivity/spare-room-project/.Leave a CommentFiled under Advice, Company News, Industry News & EventsTagged as #Work Experience, #workinpublishing, advice, Atwood Tate, books, Bookseller, Diversity, how to, Inclusivity, Internships, Job Seeking, networking, pa, Publishers Associa, publishing, Publishing Interns, publishing world, recruitment, Recruitment Consultant, Society of Young Publishers, Spare Room Project, SYP, Temping, tipsby Eleanor Heikel | February 26, 2018 · 2:08 pm	Team update: Welcome to the team, Anna!We are delighted to announce we have a new Temps and Freelancers Administrator, Anna Slevin! She will be providing administrative support to Alison Redfearn and Kellie Miller in our London office.Anna SlevinAnna entered the publishing and recruitment worlds by temping (some of those roles gained through Atwood Tate!) after finishing her broad English and American Literature degree. Instead of completing a dissertation at university, Anna opted for the more unusual opportunity to write 6000 words of creative non-fiction about cinnamon and she has continued to think outside the box ever since. Passionate about food, theatre and stories in general, she is happy to help with most things. She joined Atwood Tate in February 2018 as the Temps and Freelancers Administrator in the London office.annaslevin@atwoodtate.co.uk0203 574 4427See our Meet the Team page for more information and contact details for all our consultants.Leave a CommentFiled under Company NewsTagged as #workinpublishing, Atwood Tate, blogging, publishing, publishing world, recruitment, Recruitment Consultant, staff, Tempingby Eleanor Heikel | November 24, 2017 · 12:39 pm	Q&A Round UpLast week was the Publishers Association’s #workinpublishing week! We did a Q&A on Twitter – if you missed it, you can catch up here.Q: What are the key features recruiters look for in a CV and Cover Letter when recruiting for entry level publishing jobs?A: Office/admin experience is useful across the board, as are work experience, internships or temp roles in publishing houses! A well written, clear and concise cover letter will also get you a long way.Q: How important do you think events like literary events and trade shows are?A: Getting to know people at industry events can be really useful, especially as you can get a feel for different roles and sectors! Having said that, it’s not compulsory, so if you don’t live in London and you can’t get to events easily, don’t worry!Q: When considering a job offer, it’s not just about salary. What else should candidates be thinking about?A: Consider what’s important to you – the commute time, flexible working opportunities, training/professional development and company benefits!Q: What are the most desirable additional tools to have experience in?A: It depends on the role! But skills like InDesign, social media, general admin/database experience are useful for a lot of publishing work.Q: I have a lot of volunteer experience with indie pubs, and I’m starting to look for my first publishing job. What would you say my next step should be?A: Sounds like you should start applying for entry-level roles! You’d also be a great temping candidate, which can sometimes lead to long term roles.Q: how can I make myself stand out from the hundreds of other graduates when applying for jobs?A: Make your cover letter stand out by talking about your work experience, any temp roles, admin experience, and extracurricular interests which give you transferable skills!Q: Are entry level publishing roles hard to come by? I feel like I haven’t seen many around since I graduated.A: Entry-level roles are VERY competitive so get filled quickly, but a great way to get your foot in the door is through temping! Register with us for temping opportunities and we may be able to help.Q: What are the most in demand roles in publishing?A: Most people want to work in editorial, but publishers are always looking for Commissioning Editors and Production Controllers!Q: What are your top tips for writing a good CV?A: Be clear and concise, use bullet points, and put most relevant experience at the top! No long paragraphs please! For more tips see our blog post here.Leave a CommentFiled under AdviceTagged as #Work Experience, #workinpublishing, academic publishing, advice, Atwood Tate, books, Job Seeking, jobs, pa, Publishers Association, publishing, publishing world, Q&A, recruitment, social media, Temping, tips, twitterby Michael Lawlor | August 7, 2017 · 9:14 am	Publishing and the unpaid internshipA recent article in the Bookseller covered the attitudes changing around the unpaid internship. For some time now, there has been a building frustration with how impenetrable the publishing industry can be to people who cannot afford to undergo the necessary work placements that make finding one’s first job that much more viable.Those already in publishing have recognised this roadblock and are making significant steps to facilitate entry into the industry for those candidates who may have considered it an impossible option previously. Paid internships are slowly but surely becoming a feature of some of the larger publishers, who have determined to increase diversity through any and all means. It is certainly a cause for celebration for a lot of recent graduates but also for anyone who has hoped to make the move into publishing from another industry but could never forgo a regular income, even for a short period of time.Atwood Tate’s temp’s team have helped a number of graduates unable to work unpaid, get their first paid job in publishing. Publishers are always looking for support staff with some office and administration experience, and contact the Atwood Tate temps team often with urgent, start next day roles.Candidates that do not have a traditional background in publishing also have found their way into the industry through our desk and it is a great source of pride to us that we are able to provide the underdog with a much-needed chance to live their dream.We do also help interns to build on the experience they have gained and get paid roles. We act as another lever into the industry and our clients come to us when they need help managing a volume of roles or need temp staff quickly.So, while the industry slowly brings about the necessary changes to internships, Atwood Tate is here to lend a hand. Get in touch, send your CV. We’re here to advise you, and answer questions about salary, job types, the different sectors, feel to pick our brains and see if we can help you get your foot on the publishing ladder!Our contact details are below and we look forward to hearing from you!Kellie Millar Alison Redfearn0207034787 02070347922kelliemillar@atwoodtate.co.uk alisonredfearn@atwoodtate.co.ukLeave a CommentFiled under Advice, Company News, Industry News & Events, Industry VoicesTagged as #Work Experience, Internship, Tempingby Atwood Tate Temp | May 31, 2017 · 10:25 am	A Day In The Life Of . . . A Temporary Rights and Permissions AssistantToday, we have another of our temporary workers, breaking down their role as a Rights and Permissions Assistant for us!What was your role and how long was the assignment for?I started on a six week placement which extended to three months reviewing permission logs. This then progressed to the current temporary contract and I have been in this role for 2 ½ years.Were you interviewed for the role? YesWhat were your key duties?Reviewing published books to check any third party items such as images and quotes had been cleared for use.Processing incoming permissions queries, preparing licenses and invoicesProcessing incoming translation and other rights requests, negotiating the terms and fee payable, preparing the contract and invoiceSome marketing of titles for rights sellingTell us about the culture?Everyone at the company is very friendly and helpful (which has been great given how many questions I have asked of people). Everyone is keen to produce the best books they can. Many roles include foreign travel and even if you stay in the UK you are always working with people around the world both inside and outside the company which gives a real multi-cultural flavour to the role.What did you like best?There are so many things, among them I really enjoy being able to tell authors that their books are being translated. Seeing the translated books when they arrive is always a great pleasure as you never really know how they will look until you see them.What did you learn?Everything! I had never done this role before and so it has been a real baptism of fire as I have learned how to use new systems and databases, copyright rules as well as refining my negotiation skills.How did you find your experience with Atwood Tate? Great, Kellie, Michael and the team have always been very supportive and helpful at every step.How did Atwood Tate approach you for the role? Atwood Tate’s database, job board? I first contacted Atwood Tate after seeing the role on The Bookseller website and then spoke with Kellie about it in further detail.Interested in temporary opportunities? Please contact Atwood Tate’s temps team administrator, Michael Lawlor michaellawlor@atwoodtate.co.ukLeave a CommentFiled under Advice, Industry VoicesTagged as jobs, publishing, Tempingby Atwood Tate Temp | May 26, 2017 · 9:00 am	A Day In The Life Of . . . A Temporary Office ManagerTemping with Atwood Tate can open up a world of opportunities and can put you on the road to employment as soon as tomorrow!We thought we’d share some of our temps’ experiences and demonstrate the variety of roles available…A Day In The Life Of . . . A Temporary Office ManagerWhat was your role and how long was the assignment for?I was assigned to a trade book publisher as a Temporary Office Manager for 4 weeks.Were you interviewed for the role?Yes, briefly on the morning that I started in the role. They needed someone to fill the role quickly, at short-notice, so I started working there within two days of being told about the role.What were your key duties?As Office Manager, I was in charge of the Post-Room, which involved distributing incoming post, and ordering couriers and franking outgoing mail. It was also my duty to monitor and report any facilities issues within the office, and also to monitor and order office supplies. I also managed the logistics of author book signings in the office. Other duties included processing invoices, general administrative duties, and various ad-hoc duties as they arose.Tell us about the culture?The office was a friendly and welcoming environment to work in. As the office was open plan, the different departments were all very approachable, and there was a great sense of a team effort, supporting each other, across the entire office.What did you like best?What I liked best about this role was that it was a busy and changing role, where there were new challenges and opportunities each day. I also enjoyed the opportunity to interact and work with all of the departments in the office.What did you learn?I learnt a lot about how a trade book publisher works, and how each individual department plays a vital role in bringing a new book title to fruition. I also learnt a great deal about the logistics side of publishing, from sending out new releases for promotional purposes, how to order a courier to transport a large window display. Finally, I learnt the importance of ensuring a happy office, such as getting light bulbs changed quickly, ensuring the air conditioning works and keeping coffee supplies well stocked!How did you find your experience with Atwood Tate?I had a great experience with Atwood Tate, being kept informed at all stages of taking on the assignment as to what was going on, and being briefed along the way as to what the role would involve and what was expected of me. They were always available to contact by phone and email whenever needed to.How did Atwood Tate approach you for the role? Were you registered on Atwood Tate’s database or was it via a job board?I had registered for Temping opportunities with Atwood Tate, and they contacted me asking if it would be possible for me to start in the role immediately.Interested in temporary opportunities? Please contact Atwood Tate’s temps team administrator, Michael Lawlor, at michaellawlor@atwoodtate.co.ukLeave a CommentFiled under TestimonialsTagged as #workinpublishing, academic publishing, Atwood Tate, Temping, tips, trade publishing, Work Experience in Publishing← Older postsSearch for:PagesCandidate TestimonialsClient TestimonialsOrganisation StructurePoliciesWork Experience & Entry Level ResourcesUpcoming EventsThere are no upcoming events at this time.Popular PostsGetting that Dream First Job in PublishingTime for a new job?How to write a great CVThe Perfect Cover LetterTop Tips for TempsInterview TipsTen Things you should never say in an InterviewSo you want to be an Editor? Why?Candidate TestimonialsRecent PostsHow to deal with job rejectionsCorporate and Social Responsibility and COVID-19Are you Able to ‘Kickstart’ a Young Person’s Career?How Company Culture Can Impact Recruiting?Ideas to Keep Your Team MotivatedCategoriesAdvice (128)Atwood Tate Book Club (6)Company News (154)Competitions (1)Hot Seat (24)Industry News & Events (170)Industry Spotlight (12)Industry Voices (62)Testimonials (1)ArchivesArchives Select Month December 2020 November 2020 October 2020 September 2020 August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 May 2020 April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 February 2019 January 2019 December 2018 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 April 2012 March 2012Recent CommentsRecruitment Smarts #940 - UK Recruiter on What will life look like back in the office?What will defy, embrace or become a disruption in scholarly publishing? | The Gale Review on Guest Post: What will defy, embrace or become a disruption in scholarly publishing?Stephanie Cox on Competency Based Interviews: Top TipsEllie Pilcher on The Perfect Cover LetterE Watton on The Perfect Cover LetterFollow @AtwoodTateLondon Office0203 574 4420london@atwoodtate.co.ukOxford Office01865 339628oxford@atwoodtate.co.ukLinksJob GlossaryPoliciesCopyright © 2016 AtwoodTateProudly powered by WordPressDesigned By Eploy Recruitment Software"
