"Jobs | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit NowFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.	12 jobs found	Email me jobs like this	Refine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchairport engineering managerSenior Project Manager - Commercial and Industrial HVACHOUSTON AIRPORT SYSTEM Houston, ‎Texas, United StatesPOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: MONDAY - FRIDAY 8:00AM to 5:00PM, POSSIBLE WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager, Commercial & Industrial Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning (HVAC) is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Commercial & Industrial HVAC Systems. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Commercial & Industrial HVAC. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Commercial & Industrial HVAC Systems. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager, Commercial & Industrial HVAC duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences, or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of campus commercial and/or industrial HVAC Systems in applications similar to and/or including: airport terminals, enclosed shopping malls of 500,000 square feet or more, hospitality industry hotels and conference facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, hospital/health care facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, or other major campus settings (such as military bases, school campuses, etc.). International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager: and/or (2) Military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting HVAC system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining HVAC systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term HVAC operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of HVAC systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the HVAC Systems. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralDec 04, 2020Full TimePOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: MONDAY - FRIDAY 8:00AM to 5:00PM, POSSIBLE WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager, Commercial & Industrial Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning (HVAC) is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Commercial & Industrial HVAC Systems. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Commercial & Industrial HVAC. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Commercial & Industrial HVAC Systems. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager, Commercial & Industrial HVAC duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences, or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of campus commercial and/or industrial HVAC Systems in applications similar to and/or including: airport terminals, enclosed shopping malls of 500,000 square feet or more, hospitality industry hotels and conference facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, hospital/health care facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, or other major campus settings (such as military bases, school campuses, etc.). International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager: and/or (2) Military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting HVAC system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining HVAC systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term HVAC operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of HVAC systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the HVAC Systems. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralSenior Project Manager - Commercial Building MEP & ConveyancesHOUSTON AIRPORT SYSTEM Houston, ‎Texas, United StatesPOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: MONDAY - FRIDAY 8:00AM to 5:00PM, POSSIBLE WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager, Commercial Building Mechanical, Electrical & Plumbing (MEP) and Conveyance Systems is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance services for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the commercial building MEP and conveyances. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to commercial building MEP and conveyance systems. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the commercial building MEP and conveyance systems. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager Commercial Building MEP and Conveyance Systems duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of campus commercial and/or industrial MEP and conveyance (elevators, escalators, moving sidewalk) Systems in applications similar to and/or including: airport terminals, enclosed shopping malls of 500,000 square feet or more, hospitality industry hotels and conference facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, hospital/health care facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, or other major campus settings (such as military bases, school campuses, etc.). International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager and/or a military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting MEP System and Conveyances system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining MEP System and Conveyances systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term MEP and Conveyances operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of MEP Systems and Conveyances systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the MEP Systems and Conveyances. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralDec 04, 2020Full TimePOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: MONDAY - FRIDAY 8:00AM to 5:00PM, POSSIBLE WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager, Commercial Building Mechanical, Electrical & Plumbing (MEP) and Conveyance Systems is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance services for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the commercial building MEP and conveyances. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to commercial building MEP and conveyance systems. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the commercial building MEP and conveyance systems. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager Commercial Building MEP and Conveyance Systems duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of campus commercial and/or industrial MEP and conveyance (elevators, escalators, moving sidewalk) Systems in applications similar to and/or including: airport terminals, enclosed shopping malls of 500,000 square feet or more, hospitality industry hotels and conference facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, hospital/health care facilities of 500,000 square feet or more, or other major campus settings (such as military bases, school campuses, etc.). International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager and/or a military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting MEP System and Conveyances system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining MEP System and Conveyances systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term MEP and Conveyances operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of MEP Systems and Conveyances systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the MEP Systems and Conveyances. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralSenior Project Manager - Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling SystemsHOUSTON AIRPORT SYSTEM Houston, ‎Texas, United StatesPOSITION OVERVIEW Applications accepted from: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED Division/Section: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE Workdays & Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Possible weekends and holidays (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager - Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling Systems. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling Systems. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager, Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences, or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems at a FAR139 certified commercial airport rated as one of the 50 largest airports by the Airports Council International (ACI). Aircraft Support refers to systems such as apron-drive passenger boarding bridges, aircraft ground power units, and commercial aircraft pre-conditioned air systems. Baggage Handling System experience must include direct supervisory and/or management experience in overseeing contracted operation and maintenance of inbound and outbound baggage systems at a commercial airport rated as one of the 50 largest airports by the Airports Council International (ACI). International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager and/or a military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Ability to discern performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralDec 04, 2020Full TimePOSITION OVERVIEW Applications accepted from: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED Division/Section: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE Workdays & Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Possible weekends and holidays (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager - Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling Systems. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Aircraft Support & Baggage Handling Systems. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager, Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences, or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems at a FAR139 certified commercial airport rated as one of the 50 largest airports by the Airports Council International (ACI). Aircraft Support refers to systems such as apron-drive passenger boarding bridges, aircraft ground power units, and commercial aircraft pre-conditioned air systems. Baggage Handling System experience must include direct supervisory and/or management experience in overseeing contracted operation and maintenance of inbound and outbound baggage systems at a commercial airport rated as one of the 50 largest airports by the Airports Council International (ACI). International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager and/or a military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Ability to discern performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the Aircraft Support and Baggage Handling Systems. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralSenior Project Manager - Airfield Electrical and PavementsHOUSTON AIRPORT SYSTEM Houston, ‎Texas, United StatesPOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: MONDAY - FRIDAY 8:00AM to 5:00PM, POSSIBLE WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager, Airfield Electrical and Pavements is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Airfield Electrical and Pavements. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Airfield Electrical and Pavements. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Airfield Electrical and Pavements. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager, Airfield Electrical and Pavements duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the day-to-day and capital-level renewal of airfield electrical systems and pavement at either a FAR139 certified commercial airport rated as one of the 50 largest airports by the Airports Council International (ACI), or a military airfield supporting at least 2500 aircraft takeoff operations per year. Current or former military personnel should have 3 or more years' experience in pay grade E-7 or above, or O-3 or above. International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager and/or a military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas is highly desired: Detecting Airfield Electrical and Pavements system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining Airfield Electrical and Pavements systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term Airfield Electrical and Pavements operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of Airfield Electrical and Pavements systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the Airfield Electrical and Pavements assets. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralDec 04, 2020Full TimePOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: MONDAY - FRIDAY 8:00AM to 5:00PM, POSSIBLE WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager, Airfield Electrical and Pavements is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Airfield Electrical and Pavements. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Airfield Electrical and Pavements. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Airfield Electrical and Pavements. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager, Airfield Electrical and Pavements duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the day-to-day and capital-level renewal of airfield electrical systems and pavement at either a FAR139 certified commercial airport rated as one of the 50 largest airports by the Airports Council International (ACI), or a military airfield supporting at least 2500 aircraft takeoff operations per year. Current or former military personnel should have 3 or more years' experience in pay grade E-7 or above, or O-3 or above. International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager and/or a military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas is highly desired: Detecting Airfield Electrical and Pavements system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining Airfield Electrical and Pavements systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term Airfield Electrical and Pavements operational deficiencies and reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of Airfield Electrical and Pavements systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the Airfield Electrical and Pavements assets. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralSenior Project Manager - Central Utilities PlantsHOUSTON AIRPORT SYSTEM Houston, ‎Texas, United StatesPOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: Monday - Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Possible weekends and holidays (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager - Central Utilities Plants is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Central Utilities Plants. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Central Utilities. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Central Utilities Plants. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager (Central Utilities Plants) duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences, or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ Years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of campus industrial Central Utilities, Heating & Refrigeration and/or military shipboard steam propulsion plants and major auxiliary systems. For current or former military personnel, the individual should have 3 or more years' experience in pay grade E-7 or above, or O-3 or above. International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager: and/or (2) Military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting Plant system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining Plant systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term Plant operational deficiencies and Plant reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of Plant systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the Plant. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION . SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralDec 04, 2020Full TimePOSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: ALL PERSONS INTERESTED DIVISION / SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE / OUTSOURCE MAINTENANCE WORKDAYS & HOURS*: Monday - Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Possible weekends and holidays (*Subject to change) DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The purpose of the Infrastructure Division is to manage the whole life cycle (planning, design, construction, commissioning, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets consistent with environmental regulations and best practices. Overall, the Infrastructure Division role is to extend the life of Houston Airport System physical assets and replace them when it is not financially feasible to extend the life of these assets. The Senior Project Manager - Central Utilities Plants is responsible to the Deputy Assistant Director of Outsource Maintenance for the effective technical review and contract compliance for assets that are maintained by outsourced contractors at the three Houston Airport System airports. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Supervises and directs technical personnel to develop and negotiate service contracts. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors. Through effective management of resources, ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Central Utilities Plants. Provide technical support and expertise on various contract matters, including Other Service Requests (OSR), pertaining to Central Utilities. Ensure the reliability and sustainability of one of the Houston Airport's major critical asset systems, the Central Utilities Plants. \"Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required.\" The Senior Project Manager (Central Utilities Plants) duties will include but are not limited to: Interfaces with departments and outside agencies or firms to discuss programs and projects. Administers and negotiates claim change orders. Performs personnel functions, such as evaluating subordinate performance, interviewing prospective personnel, training subordinates, and recommending disciplinary action. Plans, organizes, directs, and reviews major construction contracts. Supervises preparation of construction contracts for special projects and construction administration contracts; plans personnel allotments; maintains budget control over personnel and contracts. Maintains construction records and reports to supervisors on construction contracts; provides input for departmental decision-making and planning. Responds to complaints or inquiries from citizens, City officials or outside agencies; represents the department at conferences and meetings. Provides management of multiple contracts of various sizes. Serves as liaison between City personnel and contractors, consultants or testing laboratories. Reviews, approves, and tracks consultant or testing laboratory estimates. May develop standard protocol for environmental and geo-technical investigations. Performs other duties as assigned WORKING CONDITIONS The position requires stooping, bending and/or lifting of items of up to 30 pounds with occasional periods of walking on rough surfaces. There are occasional discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve occasional exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make simple gross motor responses within large tolerances. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering, Business Administration, Physical Sciences, or a closely related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of experience in construction, construction inspection, design, geo-technical, environmental or a closely related field are required. Directly related professional experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis. PREFERENCES PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with 10+ Years' experience in directly supervising and/or managing the operation and maintenance of campus industrial Central Utilities, Heating & Refrigeration and/or military shipboard steam propulsion plants and major auxiliary systems. For current or former military personnel, the individual should have 3 or more years' experience in pay grade E-7 or above, or O-3 or above. International Facility Management Association Certified Facility Manager: and/or (2) Military certification as an Engineering Officer of the Water, or equivalent is a plus. Previous skills in the following areas are highly desired: Detecting Plant system and component operating and maintenance material condition defects through observation. Developing comprehensive scopes of work and technical specifications for successful delivery of contract and/or self-performed services. Discerning performance levels of contract and/or internal staff in maintaining Plant systems and components in compliance with scopes of work and technical specifications. Developing recommended plans of action to remedy short term Plant operational deficiencies and Plant reliability concerns. Developing recommended capital renewal plans to effectively maintain asset life cycle of Plant systems and components. Successfully managing, from the perspectives of technical performance of contractor and/or internal staff, and financial performance, the day-to-day operations and maintenance, and capital improvement projects related to the Plant. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6. ** GENERAL INFORMATION . SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 27 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov . To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call 281-233-1893. If you need special services or accommodations, call 281-233-1893. (TTY 7-1-1) If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_ sJFoM . EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Closing Date/Time: 1/31/2021 11:59 PM CentralAVIATION MANAGERCity of Kansas City, MO Kansas City, MO, United StatesPosition available with the Aviation Department, Planning and Engineering division, 601 Brasilia Ave., KCI Airport. Department/Division: Aviation Department, Planning and Engineering division Salary Range: $4,230 - $7,534 monthly Work Location: 601 Brasilia Ave., KCI Airport Normal Work Days/Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Application Deadline Date: February 1, 2021 *Employees who hold the exact position title, have successfully completed their 6-month probationary period, and wish to be considered for a lateral transfer into the posted position, must contact the department directly. All others interested must submit an application to be considered for this posted Job Opening. Responsibilities Manages the design & construction activities for the department including New Terminal Program, CIP, Design Professional, Facility Maintenance, Professional Services, Tenant Modification and Tenant Reimbursement projects; Coordination of information into the projects automated program management system including project/contract data, budget data, encumbrance information and modification data in insure proper project controls are followed; Preparation and coordination of bid specifications/solicitation packages and manages all solicitation activities including project advertising, contract/project compliance. Manages all necessary processing and approvals of project invoices, schedules, change orders, budgets, inspections, and coordinates receipt and processing of project compliance. Manages all necessary project-processing, coordinates with contract administration staff to ensure proper project/contract execution, submitted documents and project final close-out requirements. Organizes the capital projects to report to deputy director on the program improvements, to keep the existing projects coordinated and efficient; Understands and coordinates with administration of federal and state grant applications and agreements. Qualifications REQUIRES an accredited Bachelor's degree in public or business administration, airport management, engineering or a related field, and 2 years of experience of a progressively responsible nature in airport management activities at the level of Airport Operations Agent; OR an equivalent combination of qualifying education and experience. Must pass a pre-employment drug screen as prescribed by the City. Must successfully complete a 10-year FAA background check. Preference given to candidates with experience in AutoCADD, Microstation, Adobe, Illustrator, and/or BIM-REVIT. Other Information URGENT!!! CRITICAL RECRUITMENT INFORMATION May be required to have a negative COVID-19 test result within 7 days of hire as the most recent test result. Having a positive result at any point for any current or potential employee will have no impact on employment status nor employment offer. QUESTIONS REGARDING AVIATION POSITIONS SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE AVIATION DEPARTMENT AT 816-243-3010. POSITIONS POSTED FOR THE WATER DEPARTMENT ARE FOR THE WATER DEPARTMENT ONLY . QUESTIONS REGARDING THESE POSITIONS SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO 816-513-0253. IF YOU SEE THE SAME POSITION TITLE POSTED FOR A DIFFERENT DEPARTMENT, YOU MUST SUBMIT A SEPARATE APPLICATION TO BE CONSIDERED BY THE OTHER CITY DEPARTMENT. The evaluation of applications is based only on the information submitted by the application deadline. Therefore, in order to have your application properly considered, you should include all relevant dates, i.e., attendance at educational institutions, date degree(s) conferred, etc. Further, you should provide detailed description of relevant work experience/dates, including months/years of employment. Failure to submit a completed application may eliminate you from the selection process. Resumes may be filed to determine eligibility, but an official City application must be completed prior to appointment. For positions requiring college education as part of the minimum requirement and/or an equivalency, the minimum education requirement is high school graduation. The requirement of \"high school graduation\" also includes the state-issued GED certificate. For positions that require an accredited degree, qualifying professional, responsible experience must be obtained AFTER receipt of the accredited degree. Unless otherwise stated, the requirement of \"an accredited\" degree includes only those degrees obtained from colleges or universities listed with the U. S. Department of Education and recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education. If claiming military veterans preference points, you must attach a copy of your DD-214 or other qualifying documents prior to the application deadline. Applications submitted in person or by USPS mail must be received by the published Application Deadline, 5:00P.M., C.T. Applications submitted by FAX or online must be received by the published Application Deadline, midnight, C.T. All positions require successful completion of a pre-employment criminal history/background check. Non-residents, if appointed, must establish residency within the city limits of Kansas City, MO within nine months. The City of KCMO is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. EOE. POLICY OF NON DISCRIMINATION ON THE BASIS OF DISABILITY The City of KCMO does not discriminate on the basis of disability in the admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs or activities. Any applicant requiring an accommodation should contact the Human Resources Department, Recruitment & Selections Division at (816) 513-1945.Jan 16, 2021Position available with the Aviation Department, Planning and Engineering division, 601 Brasilia Ave., KCI Airport. Department/Division: Aviation Department, Planning and Engineering division Salary Range: $4,230 - $7,534 monthly Work Location: 601 Brasilia Ave., KCI Airport Normal Work Days/Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Application Deadline Date: February 1, 2021 *Employees who hold the exact position title, have successfully completed their 6-month probationary period, and wish to be considered for a lateral transfer into the posted position, must contact the department directly. All others interested must submit an application to be considered for this posted Job Opening. Responsibilities Manages the design & construction activities for the department including New Terminal Program, CIP, Design Professional, Facility Maintenance, Professional Services, Tenant Modification and Tenant Reimbursement projects; Coordination of information into the projects automated program management system including project/contract data, budget data, encumbrance information and modification data in insure proper project controls are followed; Preparation and coordination of bid specifications/solicitation packages and manages all solicitation activities including project advertising, contract/project compliance. Manages all necessary processing and approvals of project invoices, schedules, change orders, budgets, inspections, and coordinates receipt and processing of project compliance. Manages all necessary project-processing, coordinates with contract administration staff to ensure proper project/contract execution, submitted documents and project final close-out requirements. Organizes the capital projects to report to deputy director on the program improvements, to keep the existing projects coordinated and efficient; Understands and coordinates with administration of federal and state grant applications and agreements. Qualifications REQUIRES an accredited Bachelor's degree in public or business administration, airport management, engineering or a related field, and 2 years of experience of a progressively responsible nature in airport management activities at the level of Airport Operations Agent; OR an equivalent combination of qualifying education and experience. Must pass a pre-employment drug screen as prescribed by the City. Must successfully complete a 10-year FAA background check. Preference given to candidates with experience in AutoCADD, Microstation, Adobe, Illustrator, and/or BIM-REVIT. Other Information URGENT!!! CRITICAL RECRUITMENT INFORMATION May be required to have a negative COVID-19 test result within 7 days of hire as the most recent test result. Having a positive result at any point for any current or potential employee will have no impact on employment status nor employment offer. QUESTIONS REGARDING AVIATION POSITIONS SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE AVIATION DEPARTMENT AT 816-243-3010. POSITIONS POSTED FOR THE WATER DEPARTMENT ARE FOR THE WATER DEPARTMENT ONLY . QUESTIONS REGARDING THESE POSITIONS SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO 816-513-0253. IF YOU SEE THE SAME POSITION TITLE POSTED FOR A DIFFERENT DEPARTMENT, YOU MUST SUBMIT A SEPARATE APPLICATION TO BE CONSIDERED BY THE OTHER CITY DEPARTMENT. The evaluation of applications is based only on the information submitted by the application deadline. Therefore, in order to have your application properly considered, you should include all relevant dates, i.e., attendance at educational institutions, date degree(s) conferred, etc. Further, you should provide detailed description of relevant work experience/dates, including months/years of employment. Failure to submit a completed application may eliminate you from the selection process. Resumes may be filed to determine eligibility, but an official City application must be completed prior to appointment. For positions requiring college education as part of the minimum requirement and/or an equivalency, the minimum education requirement is high school graduation. The requirement of \"high school graduation\" also includes the state-issued GED certificate. For positions that require an accredited degree, qualifying professional, responsible experience must be obtained AFTER receipt of the accredited degree. Unless otherwise stated, the requirement of \"an accredited\" degree includes only those degrees obtained from colleges or universities listed with the U. S. Department of Education and recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education. If claiming military veterans preference points, you must attach a copy of your DD-214 or other qualifying documents prior to the application deadline. Applications submitted in person or by USPS mail must be received by the published Application Deadline, 5:00P.M., C.T. Applications submitted by FAX or online must be received by the published Application Deadline, midnight, C.T. All positions require successful completion of a pre-employment criminal history/background check. Non-residents, if appointed, must establish residency within the city limits of Kansas City, MO within nine months. The City of KCMO is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. EOE. POLICY OF NON DISCRIMINATION ON THE BASIS OF DISABILITY The City of KCMO does not discriminate on the basis of disability in the admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs or activities. Any applicant requiring an accommodation should contact the Human Resources Department, Recruitment & Selections Division at (816) 513-1945.MANAGER - ENGINEERINGCity of Long Beach, CA Long Beach, CA, United StatesDESCRIPTION The Long Beach Water Department has an opening for a Manager of Engineering to oversee the Facilities Division in the Department's Engineering Bureau. This position reports to the Director of Engineering. The City of Long Beach Community Ideally located on the Pacific coast just south of Los Angeles and adjacent to Orange County, the City of Long Beach, California (population 470,000) is at once a Southern California seaside resort, an urban metropolis with a diverse economy, and a tapestry of small neighborhoods whose international cultures are woven into a tightly knit yet heterogeneous community. Long Beach enjoys a quintessential Southern California climate that makes its abundance of cultural and recreational options appealing throughout the year. It boasts six miles of beaches and numerous beautiful parks and open spaces, as well as The Long Beach Convention Center, Aquarium of the Pacific, Queen Mary, and the annual IndyCar Grand Prix of Long Beach. Along with a variety of other attractions that include two historic ranchos, three marinas, and five golf courses, the City's many offerings help to draw 5.5 million visitors every year. The community's economy is further supported by a wide variety of industries including education, health and social services, manufacturing, retail trade, and professional services, among others. The City is a hotbed for startup activity, education and ingenuity. Also located within the City are Long Beach City College and California State University, Long Beach, which has repeatedly been named a \"Best Value College\" in the nation by Kiplinger. Serving the K-12 student population, the Long Beach Unified School District consistently attracts international recognition for increasing student achievement and public education best practices and consistently ranks among the Top 10 urban school districts in the country in a variety of reports and rating systems. Committed to using technology to help deliver the best possible services, Long Beach has been named among the Top 10 \"Digital City\" in America for seven consecutive years. The seventh largest city in California and one of the most diverse in the country, Long Beach offers its residents and visitors all the amenities of a large metropolis while maintaining a strong sense of community and cohesiveness throughout a wide variety of unique and desirable neighborhoods. Long Beach is known for being bike-friendly and has been ranked the 10th most walkable city in the nation in both 2016 and 2017. For more information about the City of Long Beach, please visit their website at www.longbeach.gov The City of Long Beach Government Long Beach is a full-service Charter City governed by nine City Council members who are elected by district and a Mayor that is elected at-large. Elected officials also include the City Attorney, City Auditor, and City Prosecutor. The Council Members and the Mayor are subject to a three-term limit, which allows them to serve for a maximum of twelve years. The City Council appoints a City Manager and a City Clerk. The City Manager is responsible for the efficient administration of all City departments, excluding those under the direction of a separately elected official, Board or Commission. Long Beach is a full service City providing all traditional public services. In addition to its traditional services, Long Beach also maintains one of the world's busiest seaports, which serves as a leading gateway for international trade. The City also has its own full-service commercial airport, an Energy Resources Department, and is one of only three cities in California with its own Health Department. Long Beach is supported by a total FY 2019 budget of approximately $3 billion, with the General Fund budget totaling $499 million. More than 6,000 full and part-time employees support municipal operations with the majority being represented by eleven employee associations. The Long Beach Water Department The Long Beach Water Department is a Commission-governed department of the City of Long Beach consisting of over 250 employees and operating with an annual budget of approximately $160 million. Established July 1, 1911, by the City Charter, the Department's functions are to regulate and control the use, sale, and distribution of water owned or controlled by the City. In February 1988, the Department assumed the responsibility of the various functions of the City's sewer system, including operations and maintenance. The Department's service area encompasses the boundaries of the City, an area of approximately 50 square miles, and includes a water distribution system of 907 miles with nearly 90,000 service connections, and a sanitary sewer system totaling 712 miles of sewer pipelines. In addition, the Department has a 62.5 million-gallon-per-day Groundwater Treatment Plant and Water Quality Laboratory considered one of the most modern facilities of its kind in the world. Without water, Long Beach as we know it would cease to exist. Having an adequate supply of fresh water, made easily available at an affordable rate, is the cornerstone of any livable community, and keeping that water supply clear, safe, and constant increases quality of life. The swift removal of sanitary sewage from Long Beach residences and places of business is critical to the health of the City. Efficient, safe delivery of the City's wastewater to nearby wastewater treatment facilities is another valuable service of the Department, provided at one of the lowest sewer rates in the United States. For more information about the Long Beach Water Department, please visit www.lbwater.org . The Facilities Division The Facilities Division manages and implements the engineering design and construction management/inspection of the various programs/projects for the renewal and upgrade of the Department's 36 storage tanks (each holding 3.5 million gallons of potable or recycled water), 1 booster station, 32 ground water wells, 8 Metropolitan District (MWD) connections, a 62.4 MGD capacity ground water treatment plant, and 28 sewer lift stations. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Plans, organizes, supervises, trains, and evaluates the performance of assigned staff; establishes performance requirements and personal development targets; regularly monitors performance and provides coaching for performance improvement and development; recommends compensation and provides other rewards to recognize performance; subject to management concurrence, takes disciplinary action, up to and including termination, to address performance deficiencies in accordance with the Department's rules, policies, and labor contract provisions; identifies best-of-class work practices among assigned staff and assures uniform adoption of those practices. Provides day-to-day leadership and works with staff to ensure a high-performance, customer service-oriented work environment that supports achieving the Department's mission, strategic plan, objectives, and values. Participates in the development and implementation of goals, objectives, policies, and priorities for assigned services and programs; identifies resource needs; recommends and implements policies and procedures, ensuring alignment with the Department's strategic and operational plans. Assists with the development and administration of the Department's annual budget; directs the forecast of additional funds needed for staffing, consultants, contractors, equipment, materials, and supplies; directs the monitoring of and approves expenditures; directs and implements adjustments as necessary to meet changing conditions. Oversees the execution and implementation of the Department's Capital Improvement Program in assigned engineering program area; develops and/or manages contract documents; develops method of project delivery; manages the review and approval of plans, specifications, estimates, calculations, and analyses for Department projects within the Department's jurisdiction; administers the planning, design, bidding, and construction of maintenance projects. Performs high-level complex engineering work related to planning, design, and construction; prepares template calculator forms and employee manuals/procedures for the efficient conduct of project analyses. Represents the Department with consultants, contractors, and local jurisdictional agencies; prepares correspondence on technical engineering issues; coordinates water and sewer utility engineering and planning activities with other departments and outside agencies; revises design and construction standards to improve methods, procedures, and practices; makes authoritative interpretations of applicable laws, regulations, policies, and design standards; reviews and approves construction documents. Reviews project documents including, but not limited to, planning reports, feasibility studies, preliminary design reports, as-built records, and project communications; oversees the creation, deletion, and revision of planning and design criteria, standard drawings, specifications, and design guidelines for Capital Improvement projects. Oversees preparation of requests for proposals; manages selection committee processes and participates in the evaluation of proposals and selection of consultants; negotiates scope of work and fees; manages consultant budgets and schedules; provides quality control, and reviews consultant deliverables. Prepares Board and committee letter packets for project approvals or policy direction and presents at Board and committee meetings; coordinates with other departments, units, agencies, and private firms/individuals; prepares and presents presentations to the public, other external agencies, and at professional conferences. Aligns the strategic goals and objectives of the Department into the day-to-day activities of the Division; Maintains and updates the Department's Standard Drawings and Design Guidelines; Oversees specialty engineering research and study projects; Provides expert professional assistance and guidance to Department executive management on new business matters; Plans, organizes, directs, and implements comprehensive strategies and programs for the engineering design of atypical potable water, wastewater, and recycled water projects; Prepares written correspondences and reports; Works closely with Government and Public Affairs to address customer concerns as it relates to construction. Salary and Benefits The salary range for this position is $155,000 - $175,000 annually. Placement within the range will be commensurate with skills, experience, and qualifications. The City's compensation package also encompasses an attractive benefits package that includes: Retirement - City offers CalPERS with a benefit of 2.5% @ 55 for Classic members or 2% at 62 for new members as defined by PEPRA, subject to the limitations set by PERS. Employee pays the employee portion. The City also participates in Social Security. Vacation - Twelve (12) days after one year of service; 15 days after four years, six months of service; 20 days after 19.5 years of service. Executive Leave - Forty (40) hours per year. Sick Leave - One day earned per month; unlimited accumulation; conversion upon retirement to cash credit toward health and/or dental insurance premiums, or to pension credits. Holidays - Nine designated holidays per year, plus four personal holidays to be used at the employee's discretion. Health and Dental Insurance - The City offers an HMO and PPO option for health and dental insurance coverage. The City pays the major portion of the premium for employee and dependents depending on the health/dental plan selected. Life Insurance - City-paid term life insurance policy equal to three times annual salary to a maximum of $500,000. Disability - City-paid short-term and long-term disability insurance. Flexible Spending Account - Optional election for employees to reduce taxable income for payment of allowable childcare or medical expenses. Management Physical - Annual City-paid physical examination. Deferred Compensation 457(b) Plan - Optional for employee contribution to a supplementary retirement savings program available through ICMA Retirement Corporation. Technology Allowance - Monthly stipend. REQUIREMENTS TO FILE Minimum Edu cation, Licensure, and Experience Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering or related engineering field from an accredited college or university Registered as a Professional Engineer in the State of California Minimum of five (5) years of progressive experience as a licensed engineer in the fields of water or wastewater engineering or project management. Preferred/Desirable Qualifications Experience in a supervisory or lead capacity is preferred. Government or public utility experience is desirable. SELECTION PROCEDURE This recruitment will close at the date and time listed above. To be considered for this opportunity, applicants must click on the Apply link and submit an online application , detailed resume , and cover letter that reflects the scope and level of their current/most recent positions and responsibilities, degree , and PE license . Candidates must also complete the online supplemental questionnaire. Following the final filing deadline, all applications and supplemental questionnaires will be evaluated to determine the most qualified applicants. Incomplete applications or candidates who clearly do not meet the minimum requirements of the position will not be considered. Those individuals determined to be best suited for the position will be interviewed by a selection panel. If you require an accommodation because of a disability to participate in any phase of the application process, or if you would like to request this information in an alternate format, please contact Ken Bott, Director of Administration, at Kenneth.Bott@lbwater.org or 562.570.2364. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER THE LONG BEACH WATER DEPARTMENT VALUES AND ENCOURAGES DIVERSITY IN ITS WORKFORCE.Closing Date/Time: 1/24/2021 11:59 PM PacificDec 22, 2020Full TimeDESCRIPTION The Long Beach Water Department has an opening for a Manager of Engineering to oversee the Facilities Division in the Department's Engineering Bureau. This position reports to the Director of Engineering. The City of Long Beach Community Ideally located on the Pacific coast just south of Los Angeles and adjacent to Orange County, the City of Long Beach, California (population 470,000) is at once a Southern California seaside resort, an urban metropolis with a diverse economy, and a tapestry of small neighborhoods whose international cultures are woven into a tightly knit yet heterogeneous community. Long Beach enjoys a quintessential Southern California climate that makes its abundance of cultural and recreational options appealing throughout the year. It boasts six miles of beaches and numerous beautiful parks and open spaces, as well as The Long Beach Convention Center, Aquarium of the Pacific, Queen Mary, and the annual IndyCar Grand Prix of Long Beach. Along with a variety of other attractions that include two historic ranchos, three marinas, and five golf courses, the City's many offerings help to draw 5.5 million visitors every year. The community's economy is further supported by a wide variety of industries including education, health and social services, manufacturing, retail trade, and professional services, among others. The City is a hotbed for startup activity, education and ingenuity. Also located within the City are Long Beach City College and California State University, Long Beach, which has repeatedly been named a \"Best Value College\" in the nation by Kiplinger. Serving the K-12 student population, the Long Beach Unified School District consistently attracts international recognition for increasing student achievement and public education best practices and consistently ranks among the Top 10 urban school districts in the country in a variety of reports and rating systems. Committed to using technology to help deliver the best possible services, Long Beach has been named among the Top 10 \"Digital City\" in America for seven consecutive years. The seventh largest city in California and one of the most diverse in the country, Long Beach offers its residents and visitors all the amenities of a large metropolis while maintaining a strong sense of community and cohesiveness throughout a wide variety of unique and desirable neighborhoods. Long Beach is known for being bike-friendly and has been ranked the 10th most walkable city in the nation in both 2016 and 2017. For more information about the City of Long Beach, please visit their website at www.longbeach.gov The City of Long Beach Government Long Beach is a full-service Charter City governed by nine City Council members who are elected by district and a Mayor that is elected at-large. Elected officials also include the City Attorney, City Auditor, and City Prosecutor. The Council Members and the Mayor are subject to a three-term limit, which allows them to serve for a maximum of twelve years. The City Council appoints a City Manager and a City Clerk. The City Manager is responsible for the efficient administration of all City departments, excluding those under the direction of a separately elected official, Board or Commission. Long Beach is a full service City providing all traditional public services. In addition to its traditional services, Long Beach also maintains one of the world's busiest seaports, which serves as a leading gateway for international trade. The City also has its own full-service commercial airport, an Energy Resources Department, and is one of only three cities in California with its own Health Department. Long Beach is supported by a total FY 2019 budget of approximately $3 billion, with the General Fund budget totaling $499 million. More than 6,000 full and part-time employees support municipal operations with the majority being represented by eleven employee associations. The Long Beach Water Department The Long Beach Water Department is a Commission-governed department of the City of Long Beach consisting of over 250 employees and operating with an annual budget of approximately $160 million. Established July 1, 1911, by the City Charter, the Department's functions are to regulate and control the use, sale, and distribution of water owned or controlled by the City. In February 1988, the Department assumed the responsibility of the various functions of the City's sewer system, including operations and maintenance. The Department's service area encompasses the boundaries of the City, an area of approximately 50 square miles, and includes a water distribution system of 907 miles with nearly 90,000 service connections, and a sanitary sewer system totaling 712 miles of sewer pipelines. In addition, the Department has a 62.5 million-gallon-per-day Groundwater Treatment Plant and Water Quality Laboratory considered one of the most modern facilities of its kind in the world. Without water, Long Beach as we know it would cease to exist. Having an adequate supply of fresh water, made easily available at an affordable rate, is the cornerstone of any livable community, and keeping that water supply clear, safe, and constant increases quality of life. The swift removal of sanitary sewage from Long Beach residences and places of business is critical to the health of the City. Efficient, safe delivery of the City's wastewater to nearby wastewater treatment facilities is another valuable service of the Department, provided at one of the lowest sewer rates in the United States. For more information about the Long Beach Water Department, please visit www.lbwater.org . The Facilities Division The Facilities Division manages and implements the engineering design and construction management/inspection of the various programs/projects for the renewal and upgrade of the Department's 36 storage tanks (each holding 3.5 million gallons of potable or recycled water), 1 booster station, 32 ground water wells, 8 Metropolitan District (MWD) connections, a 62.4 MGD capacity ground water treatment plant, and 28 sewer lift stations. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Plans, organizes, supervises, trains, and evaluates the performance of assigned staff; establishes performance requirements and personal development targets; regularly monitors performance and provides coaching for performance improvement and development; recommends compensation and provides other rewards to recognize performance; subject to management concurrence, takes disciplinary action, up to and including termination, to address performance deficiencies in accordance with the Department's rules, policies, and labor contract provisions; identifies best-of-class work practices among assigned staff and assures uniform adoption of those practices. Provides day-to-day leadership and works with staff to ensure a high-performance, customer service-oriented work environment that supports achieving the Department's mission, strategic plan, objectives, and values. Participates in the development and implementation of goals, objectives, policies, and priorities for assigned services and programs; identifies resource needs; recommends and implements policies and procedures, ensuring alignment with the Department's strategic and operational plans. Assists with the development and administration of the Department's annual budget; directs the forecast of additional funds needed for staffing, consultants, contractors, equipment, materials, and supplies; directs the monitoring of and approves expenditures; directs and implements adjustments as necessary to meet changing conditions. Oversees the execution and implementation of the Department's Capital Improvement Program in assigned engineering program area; develops and/or manages contract documents; develops method of project delivery; manages the review and approval of plans, specifications, estimates, calculations, and analyses for Department projects within the Department's jurisdiction; administers the planning, design, bidding, and construction of maintenance projects. Performs high-level complex engineering work related to planning, design, and construction; prepares template calculator forms and employee manuals/procedures for the efficient conduct of project analyses. Represents the Department with consultants, contractors, and local jurisdictional agencies; prepares correspondence on technical engineering issues; coordinates water and sewer utility engineering and planning activities with other departments and outside agencies; revises design and construction standards to improve methods, procedures, and practices; makes authoritative interpretations of applicable laws, regulations, policies, and design standards; reviews and approves construction documents. Reviews project documents including, but not limited to, planning reports, feasibility studies, preliminary design reports, as-built records, and project communications; oversees the creation, deletion, and revision of planning and design criteria, standard drawings, specifications, and design guidelines for Capital Improvement projects. Oversees preparation of requests for proposals; manages selection committee processes and participates in the evaluation of proposals and selection of consultants; negotiates scope of work and fees; manages consultant budgets and schedules; provides quality control, and reviews consultant deliverables. Prepares Board and committee letter packets for project approvals or policy direction and presents at Board and committee meetings; coordinates with other departments, units, agencies, and private firms/individuals; prepares and presents presentations to the public, other external agencies, and at professional conferences. Aligns the strategic goals and objectives of the Department into the day-to-day activities of the Division; Maintains and updates the Department's Standard Drawings and Design Guidelines; Oversees specialty engineering research and study projects; Provides expert professional assistance and guidance to Department executive management on new business matters; Plans, organizes, directs, and implements comprehensive strategies and programs for the engineering design of atypical potable water, wastewater, and recycled water projects; Prepares written correspondences and reports; Works closely with Government and Public Affairs to address customer concerns as it relates to construction. Salary and Benefits The salary range for this position is $155,000 - $175,000 annually. Placement within the range will be commensurate with skills, experience, and qualifications. The City's compensation package also encompasses an attractive benefits package that includes: Retirement - City offers CalPERS with a benefit of 2.5% @ 55 for Classic members or 2% at 62 for new members as defined by PEPRA, subject to the limitations set by PERS. Employee pays the employee portion. The City also participates in Social Security. Vacation - Twelve (12) days after one year of service; 15 days after four years, six months of service; 20 days after 19.5 years of service. Executive Leave - Forty (40) hours per year. Sick Leave - One day earned per month; unlimited accumulation; conversion upon retirement to cash credit toward health and/or dental insurance premiums, or to pension credits. Holidays - Nine designated holidays per year, plus four personal holidays to be used at the employee's discretion. Health and Dental Insurance - The City offers an HMO and PPO option for health and dental insurance coverage. The City pays the major portion of the premium for employee and dependents depending on the health/dental plan selected. Life Insurance - City-paid term life insurance policy equal to three times annual salary to a maximum of $500,000. Disability - City-paid short-term and long-term disability insurance. Flexible Spending Account - Optional election for employees to reduce taxable income for payment of allowable childcare or medical expenses. Management Physical - Annual City-paid physical examination. Deferred Compensation 457(b) Plan - Optional for employee contribution to a supplementary retirement savings program available through ICMA Retirement Corporation. Technology Allowance - Monthly stipend. REQUIREMENTS TO FILE Minimum Edu cation, Licensure, and Experience Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering or related engineering field from an accredited college or university Registered as a Professional Engineer in the State of California Minimum of five (5) years of progressive experience as a licensed engineer in the fields of water or wastewater engineering or project management. Preferred/Desirable Qualifications Experience in a supervisory or lead capacity is preferred. Government or public utility experience is desirable. SELECTION PROCEDURE This recruitment will close at the date and time listed above. To be considered for this opportunity, applicants must click on the Apply link and submit an online application , detailed resume , and cover letter that reflects the scope and level of their current/most recent positions and responsibilities, degree , and PE license . Candidates must also complete the online supplemental questionnaire. Following the final filing deadline, all applications and supplemental questionnaires will be evaluated to determine the most qualified applicants. Incomplete applications or candidates who clearly do not meet the minimum requirements of the position will not be considered. Those individuals determined to be best suited for the position will be interviewed by a selection panel. If you require an accommodation because of a disability to participate in any phase of the application process, or if you would like to request this information in an alternate format, please contact Ken Bott, Director of Administration, at Kenneth.Bott@lbwater.org or 562.570.2364. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER THE LONG BEACH WATER DEPARTMENT VALUES AND ENCOURAGES DIVERSITY IN ITS WORKFORCE.Closing Date/Time: 1/24/2021 11:59 PM PacificFacilities Project Manager IICounty of El Dorado Placerville, CADescription CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE The County of El Dorado , Chief Administrative Office, Facilities Division is a Division of the Chief Administrative Office and provides a broad range of internal support services for County departments. These include construction, custodial, and the maintenance and repair of county-owned and leased facilities and grounds. The Facilities Division is committed to plan for, build, and maintain the most efficient, effective facilities for County operations for the short and long term. THE OPPORTUNITY Bring your knowledge and experience in capital improvement and construction project management to the County! You will have the opportunity to manage capital improvement and construction projects of various scope, from inception to completion. You will also be able to perform space assessments and financial and administrative studies related to capital improvement projects and oversee and administer subcontractor and consultant contracts. The opportunity also includes providing support services to departments on facility-related issues. The selected candidate will have the opportunity to: Manage and administer building modifications or construction contracts for County buildings and facilities, from project definition and requests for proposal through the construction phase and warranty period; ensure that projects are constructed in accordance with plans and specifications, the public contract code, and prudent construction project management procedures. Coordinate design teams, implementation teams, contractors, engineers, estimators, and inspectors; may provide direction and supervision to others in completion of assignments. Confer with County departments in developing project requirements, drawings, and preliminary cost estimates for projects to be used in establishing guidelines for contract architects and engineers. Consult with architects and civil, structural, mechanical, and electrical engineers, as required, to coordinate the preparation of plans and specifications for new buildings and miscellaneous construction projects for construction and bidding purposes. For a full description of duties and responsibilities please review the job description here . THE IDEAL CANDIDATE The Facilities Division is seeking a candidate with excellent communication and management skills with the ability to provide direction and oversite to architects, engineers, and contractors. The ideal candidate will be able to read and interpret building plans and will have familiarity with software such as AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Revit, Microsoft Project, and Microsoft Office Suite. The ideal candidate will be confident while working with all levels of personnel within the County from line staff to Department Heads and Elected Officials. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Human Resources will assess your application to determine if you are minimally qualified using the following minimum qualifications: Any combination of the required experience, education, and training that would provide the essential knowledge, skills, and abilities is qualifying. Equivalent to a bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in construction management, facilities planning, engineering, business administration, construction technology, or a closely related field; AND Six (6) years of progressively increasingly responsible experience in construction project management and capital projects planning; managing the construction and design of complex projects exceeding $1,000,000 are required at this level. Licenses and Certifications: Possession of, or ability to obtain, a valid California Driver's License by time of appointment and a satisfactory driving record. Click here to view the minimum qualifications for Facilities Project Manager II as well as the physical, environmental, and working conditions. SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION Apply online by clicking on the 'Apply' link at the top of this announcement. When your online application and responses to the required supplemental questions are complete, click 'Accept'. If you have any questions regarding this recruitment, contact Elise Hardy in Human Resources at elise.hardy@edcgov.us RECRUITMENT PROCESS The Human Resources Department will screen all applications to identify qualified candidates. After screening, qualified candidates will be referred to the next step and notified of all further procedures applicable to their status in the recruitment process. For more information on the recruitment process click here . Based on the hiring department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All candidates will be notified of any changes in the selection procedures. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The County of El Dorado is recruiting applicants for Facilities Project Manager II. This recruitment will establish a list for the purpose of filling current and future full time vacancies for at least three (3) months. There is currently one (1) full time vacancy in the Chief Administrative Office, Facilities Division located in Placerville, CA. Click here for Frequently Asked Questions. The County of El Dorado is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Many job classifications require pre-employment medical screening. Depending on the job classification, medical screening may include testing for drugs, including but not limited to marijuana; a positive test may result in revocation of an employment offer. Not just rustic mining towns and historic sites - Today El Dorado County is a year-round vacation destination overflowing with outdoor adventure, inviting agritourism locations, enriching family activities, and a proud Gold Rush history. Escape the traffic and smog because El Dorado County is just: 40 miles to Downtown Sacramento 50 miles to Sacramento International Airport 129 miles to San Francisco Here are a few of the many activities and events available throughout El Dorado County: Hiking, Camping, Fishing, Boating, and Watersports Skiing and Snowboarding Live Music and Music Festivals Local Craft Breweries and Wineries El Dorado County Fair Placerville Speedway Races Farm to Fork Restaurants Local Shopping Gems CHECK OUT OUR VIDEO TO LEARN MORE! Closing Date/Time: 1/28/2021 11:59 PM PacificJan 13, 2021Full TimeDescription CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE The County of El Dorado , Chief Administrative Office, Facilities Division is a Division of the Chief Administrative Office and provides a broad range of internal support services for County departments. These include construction, custodial, and the maintenance and repair of county-owned and leased facilities and grounds. The Facilities Division is committed to plan for, build, and maintain the most efficient, effective facilities for County operations for the short and long term. THE OPPORTUNITY Bring your knowledge and experience in capital improvement and construction project management to the County! You will have the opportunity to manage capital improvement and construction projects of various scope, from inception to completion. You will also be able to perform space assessments and financial and administrative studies related to capital improvement projects and oversee and administer subcontractor and consultant contracts. The opportunity also includes providing support services to departments on facility-related issues. The selected candidate will have the opportunity to: Manage and administer building modifications or construction contracts for County buildings and facilities, from project definition and requests for proposal through the construction phase and warranty period; ensure that projects are constructed in accordance with plans and specifications, the public contract code, and prudent construction project management procedures. Coordinate design teams, implementation teams, contractors, engineers, estimators, and inspectors; may provide direction and supervision to others in completion of assignments. Confer with County departments in developing project requirements, drawings, and preliminary cost estimates for projects to be used in establishing guidelines for contract architects and engineers. Consult with architects and civil, structural, mechanical, and electrical engineers, as required, to coordinate the preparation of plans and specifications for new buildings and miscellaneous construction projects for construction and bidding purposes. For a full description of duties and responsibilities please review the job description here . THE IDEAL CANDIDATE The Facilities Division is seeking a candidate with excellent communication and management skills with the ability to provide direction and oversite to architects, engineers, and contractors. The ideal candidate will be able to read and interpret building plans and will have familiarity with software such as AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Revit, Microsoft Project, and Microsoft Office Suite. The ideal candidate will be confident while working with all levels of personnel within the County from line staff to Department Heads and Elected Officials. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Human Resources will assess your application to determine if you are minimally qualified using the following minimum qualifications: Any combination of the required experience, education, and training that would provide the essential knowledge, skills, and abilities is qualifying. Equivalent to a bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in construction management, facilities planning, engineering, business administration, construction technology, or a closely related field; AND Six (6) years of progressively increasingly responsible experience in construction project management and capital projects planning; managing the construction and design of complex projects exceeding $1,000,000 are required at this level. Licenses and Certifications: Possession of, or ability to obtain, a valid California Driver's License by time of appointment and a satisfactory driving record. Click here to view the minimum qualifications for Facilities Project Manager II as well as the physical, environmental, and working conditions. SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION Apply online by clicking on the 'Apply' link at the top of this announcement. When your online application and responses to the required supplemental questions are complete, click 'Accept'. If you have any questions regarding this recruitment, contact Elise Hardy in Human Resources at elise.hardy@edcgov.us RECRUITMENT PROCESS The Human Resources Department will screen all applications to identify qualified candidates. After screening, qualified candidates will be referred to the next step and notified of all further procedures applicable to their status in the recruitment process. For more information on the recruitment process click here . Based on the hiring department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. All candidates will be notified of any changes in the selection procedures. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The County of El Dorado is recruiting applicants for Facilities Project Manager II. This recruitment will establish a list for the purpose of filling current and future full time vacancies for at least three (3) months. There is currently one (1) full time vacancy in the Chief Administrative Office, Facilities Division located in Placerville, CA. Click here for Frequently Asked Questions. The County of El Dorado is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply. Many job classifications require pre-employment medical screening. Depending on the job classification, medical screening may include testing for drugs, including but not limited to marijuana; a positive test may result in revocation of an employment offer. Not just rustic mining towns and historic sites - Today El Dorado County is a year-round vacation destination overflowing with outdoor adventure, inviting agritourism locations, enriching family activities, and a proud Gold Rush history. Escape the traffic and smog because El Dorado County is just: 40 miles to Downtown Sacramento 50 miles to Sacramento International Airport 129 miles to San Francisco Here are a few of the many activities and events available throughout El Dorado County: Hiking, Camping, Fishing, Boating, and Watersports Skiing and Snowboarding Live Music and Music Festivals Local Craft Breweries and Wineries El Dorado County Fair Placerville Speedway Races Farm to Fork Restaurants Local Shopping Gems CHECK OUT OUR VIDEO TO LEARN MORE! Closing Date/Time: 1/28/2021 11:59 PM PacificAVIATION FACILITIES MAINTENANCE MANAGERPort of Oakland Oakland, California, United States*** All completed applications for this position must be submitted online no later than 5:00 pm, on the closing date of the recruitment. PAPER APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED . Please follow all submission instructions to ensure your application is complete. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of online applications, therefore, it is important for online applications to be completed fully. Late applications will not be accepted beyond the closing time and date for any reason, including any technical issues, such as system, browser, or computer failures, etc. *** Under general direction, the incumbent is responsible for leading and managing facilities maintenance and minor construction activities on a daily 24-hour basis at the Oakland International Airport. This position is responsible for delivering quality, cost effective maintenance services to internal and external customers, as well as the oversight of customer/stakeholder satisfaction, ensuring performance standards are established and met, providing budget management and financial performance, preventive maintenance of all equipment, and related procurement and contracting activities. The incumbent may act in the capacity of the Assistant Director of Aviation during periods of absence. Performs related duties as assigned. Examples of Duties: Any one position may not include all the duties listed, nor do the examples cover all the duties that may be performed. Incumbent may perform other related duties at the equivalent level. Provides leadership to multiple departments with diverse classifications including driving continuous improvement, innovation, and positive customer experience. Designs, develops and implements with staff facility and asset management programs and protocols and best practices for maintenance. Manages the administration and work of airport facilities staff engaged in the maintenance, repair, and minor construction of building and equipment systems, electrical power distribution and equipment systems, roadways, runways, taxiways, landscaping, vegetation control and other installations, facilities and equipment across the Airport campus. Manages the administration and work of airport facilities and responds to tenant/passenger requests for services and complaints; coordinates logistics and set-up of special events/ceremonies at the Airport. Reviews, approves, clarifies, prioritizes, assigns, coordinates, and tracks work of staff including work requests and maintenance service orders for work to be performed. Establishes, in conjunction with subordinate staff, department policies, procedures, schedules, methods, measurement, and metrics for maintenance, repair, and minor construction of facilities, equipment, and installations for which the department is responsible. Oversees the development and implementation of preventive maintenance programs in conjunction with engineering and maintenance staff to ensure routine inspection and maintenance of facilities and the establishment of performance goals and production standards for planned and preventive maintenance programs. Leads, supervises, coaches, trains, monitors and evaluates the performance of subordinate supervisory personnel including conducting of formal performance evaluations, discipline, and staff development; assists in responses to grievances and disciplinary actions regarding department personnel. Establishes and maintains effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders including airline management, Port engineering and environmental staff, Port Procurement, Port labor union officials and others key to business operations and success. . Reviews and approves recommendations for the purchase of equipment and the development of equipment specifications; reviews specifications for specialized equipment. Coordinates department activities with airport operations airside/landside staff, engineering staff, other Port departments, outside agencies, tenants, and contractors to inform them of the status of ongoing work and provide information; responds to and resolves complaints and concerns from tenants, clients, the public, and other Port departments. Prepares, monitors, and controls the department budget. Supports airport operations staff with emergency preparedness and the emergency evacuation of Airport personnel, tenants, and the traveling public as necessary. Directs and coordinates responses to and makes critical decisions to resolve emergency and disaster conditions, such as those resulting from area-wide power outage, accident, fire, floods, wind, or earthquake; supervises the establishment of an incident command center during emergency operations. Performs related work as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE This position requires a combination of education and experience reflecting possession of the required knowledge, skills, and abilities. A typical combination would include graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelor's degree in aviation, engineering, business administration/management or other related field PLUS six years of work experience supervising maintenance and/or engineering functions. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES To perform the typical tasks and duties of the position successfully, the knowledge, skills and/or abilities listed below are required. Knowledge of: Principles and practices of effective management, planning, and administering facilities maintenance and cleaning and customer service programs. Federal safety and security rules and regulations governing the operation and maintenance of airports. Port of Oakland Administrative policies and procedures, Personnel Rules and Procedures, and Port of Oakland labor contracts relating to personnel. Municipal and State laws and facilities construction and maintenance codes. The principles and practices of leadership, management and supervision. Ability to: Plan and direct engineering, maintenance, and construction projects. Respond to and effectively resolve emergency and disaster situations and difficult technical and operational problems. Communicate clearly and effectively both orally and in writing. Develop, measure, and report on performance standards and metrics. Generate and analyze relevant data to improve performance, efficiency and accuracy Exercise sound independent judgment within general policy guidelines. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of duties and to work as a team. Work under deadlines and coordinate several concurrent assignments. Work with minimum supervision. Develop and implement goals, objectives, policies, and procedures, work standards and internal controls. Lead and direct organizational responses to emergency situations involving airport facilities, including natural disasters and public disturbances. Prepare and administer departmental budgets. Negotiate and administer a variety of contracts. Supervise and direct subordinate professional and support staff; interpret and enforce administrative/operational polices, practices and procedures; analyze and solve problems of a complex nature. Analyze complex administrative and program information, evaluate alternative solutions and recommend or adopt effective courses of action. THE SELECTION PROCESS Stage I: Application and Supplemental Questionnaire Evaluation (Pass/Fail) - The first stage in the selection process will consist of an application and supplemental questionnaire appraisal review (pass/fail). Applications submitted without a completed supplemental questionnaire will not be given further consideration. Meeting the minimum qualifications does not guarantee advancement to the next stage. Only the most suitably qualified candidates will be invited to Stage II. Stage II: Assessment Examination (Weighted 100%) - The second stage of the selection process may consist of a combination of job-related situational project exercises and an oral panel interview designed to assess technical knowledge and any additional other KSAs. Job-related situational project exercises may consist of written exercises, performance exercises or other situational exercises that would assess the KSAs. The Assessment Examination is designed to test the applicant's overall aptitude for the position. Candidates must achieve a scale score of 70 or more on this examination to be placed on the eligible list for employment consideration. The Port of Oakland reserves the right to modify the selection process as necessary to conform to administrative or business necessity. ADVISORIES Immigration and Reform Control Act: In compliance with the Immigration and Reform Act of 1986, the Port of Oakland will only hire individuals who are legally authorized to work in the United States. Social Security card must be presented, and the name on it must match the name on the application. Americans with Disabilities (ADA): In compliance with State and Federal Laws, the Port of Oakland will employ and promote qualified individuals without regard to disability. The Port is committed to making reasonable accommodations in the selection process and in the work environment. Individuals invited to advance in the examination process will be provided the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation. The Port of Oakland is an Equal Opportunity Employer Additional Requirements: Must possess a valid California Class C driver license at the time and for the duration of appointment. Must be available for on-call duty as required by emergency situations or as required for uninterrupted operations. This Airport specific classification requires each incumbent to complete and pass a Transportation Security Administration/Federal Aviation Administration (TSA/FAA) 10-year employment history verification, which will include fingerprinting and a Criminal History Records Check (CHRC) prior to being considered for this position. This status must be maintained for the duration of employment at the airport. Must complete and pass a U.S. Customs Airport Security Program Check (19CFR122.182). This status must be maintained for the duration of employment at the Airport. Closing Date/Time: Fri. 01/22/21 5:00 PM Pacific TimeJan 16, 2021Full Time*** All completed applications for this position must be submitted online no later than 5:00 pm, on the closing date of the recruitment. PAPER APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED . Please follow all submission instructions to ensure your application is complete. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of online applications, therefore, it is important for online applications to be completed fully. Late applications will not be accepted beyond the closing time and date for any reason, including any technical issues, such as system, browser, or computer failures, etc. *** Under general direction, the incumbent is responsible for leading and managing facilities maintenance and minor construction activities on a daily 24-hour basis at the Oakland International Airport. This position is responsible for delivering quality, cost effective maintenance services to internal and external customers, as well as the oversight of customer/stakeholder satisfaction, ensuring performance standards are established and met, providing budget management and financial performance, preventive maintenance of all equipment, and related procurement and contracting activities. The incumbent may act in the capacity of the Assistant Director of Aviation during periods of absence. Performs related duties as assigned. Examples of Duties: Any one position may not include all the duties listed, nor do the examples cover all the duties that may be performed. Incumbent may perform other related duties at the equivalent level. Provides leadership to multiple departments with diverse classifications including driving continuous improvement, innovation, and positive customer experience. Designs, develops and implements with staff facility and asset management programs and protocols and best practices for maintenance. Manages the administration and work of airport facilities staff engaged in the maintenance, repair, and minor construction of building and equipment systems, electrical power distribution and equipment systems, roadways, runways, taxiways, landscaping, vegetation control and other installations, facilities and equipment across the Airport campus. Manages the administration and work of airport facilities and responds to tenant/passenger requests for services and complaints; coordinates logistics and set-up of special events/ceremonies at the Airport. Reviews, approves, clarifies, prioritizes, assigns, coordinates, and tracks work of staff including work requests and maintenance service orders for work to be performed. Establishes, in conjunction with subordinate staff, department policies, procedures, schedules, methods, measurement, and metrics for maintenance, repair, and minor construction of facilities, equipment, and installations for which the department is responsible. Oversees the development and implementation of preventive maintenance programs in conjunction with engineering and maintenance staff to ensure routine inspection and maintenance of facilities and the establishment of performance goals and production standards for planned and preventive maintenance programs. Leads, supervises, coaches, trains, monitors and evaluates the performance of subordinate supervisory personnel including conducting of formal performance evaluations, discipline, and staff development; assists in responses to grievances and disciplinary actions regarding department personnel. Establishes and maintains effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders including airline management, Port engineering and environmental staff, Port Procurement, Port labor union officials and others key to business operations and success. . Reviews and approves recommendations for the purchase of equipment and the development of equipment specifications; reviews specifications for specialized equipment. Coordinates department activities with airport operations airside/landside staff, engineering staff, other Port departments, outside agencies, tenants, and contractors to inform them of the status of ongoing work and provide information; responds to and resolves complaints and concerns from tenants, clients, the public, and other Port departments. Prepares, monitors, and controls the department budget. Supports airport operations staff with emergency preparedness and the emergency evacuation of Airport personnel, tenants, and the traveling public as necessary. Directs and coordinates responses to and makes critical decisions to resolve emergency and disaster conditions, such as those resulting from area-wide power outage, accident, fire, floods, wind, or earthquake; supervises the establishment of an incident command center during emergency operations. Performs related work as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE This position requires a combination of education and experience reflecting possession of the required knowledge, skills, and abilities. A typical combination would include graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelor's degree in aviation, engineering, business administration/management or other related field PLUS six years of work experience supervising maintenance and/or engineering functions. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES To perform the typical tasks and duties of the position successfully, the knowledge, skills and/or abilities listed below are required. Knowledge of: Principles and practices of effective management, planning, and administering facilities maintenance and cleaning and customer service programs. Federal safety and security rules and regulations governing the operation and maintenance of airports. Port of Oakland Administrative policies and procedures, Personnel Rules and Procedures, and Port of Oakland labor contracts relating to personnel. Municipal and State laws and facilities construction and maintenance codes. The principles and practices of leadership, management and supervision. Ability to: Plan and direct engineering, maintenance, and construction projects. Respond to and effectively resolve emergency and disaster situations and difficult technical and operational problems. Communicate clearly and effectively both orally and in writing. Develop, measure, and report on performance standards and metrics. Generate and analyze relevant data to improve performance, efficiency and accuracy Exercise sound independent judgment within general policy guidelines. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the performance of duties and to work as a team. Work under deadlines and coordinate several concurrent assignments. Work with minimum supervision. Develop and implement goals, objectives, policies, and procedures, work standards and internal controls. Lead and direct organizational responses to emergency situations involving airport facilities, including natural disasters and public disturbances. Prepare and administer departmental budgets. Negotiate and administer a variety of contracts. Supervise and direct subordinate professional and support staff; interpret and enforce administrative/operational polices, practices and procedures; analyze and solve problems of a complex nature. Analyze complex administrative and program information, evaluate alternative solutions and recommend or adopt effective courses of action. THE SELECTION PROCESS Stage I: Application and Supplemental Questionnaire Evaluation (Pass/Fail) - The first stage in the selection process will consist of an application and supplemental questionnaire appraisal review (pass/fail). Applications submitted without a completed supplemental questionnaire will not be given further consideration. Meeting the minimum qualifications does not guarantee advancement to the next stage. Only the most suitably qualified candidates will be invited to Stage II. Stage II: Assessment Examination (Weighted 100%) - The second stage of the selection process may consist of a combination of job-related situational project exercises and an oral panel interview designed to assess technical knowledge and any additional other KSAs. Job-related situational project exercises may consist of written exercises, performance exercises or other situational exercises that would assess the KSAs. The Assessment Examination is designed to test the applicant's overall aptitude for the position. Candidates must achieve a scale score of 70 or more on this examination to be placed on the eligible list for employment consideration. The Port of Oakland reserves the right to modify the selection process as necessary to conform to administrative or business necessity. ADVISORIES Immigration and Reform Control Act: In compliance with the Immigration and Reform Act of 1986, the Port of Oakland will only hire individuals who are legally authorized to work in the United States. Social Security card must be presented, and the name on it must match the name on the application. Americans with Disabilities (ADA): In compliance with State and Federal Laws, the Port of Oakland will employ and promote qualified individuals without regard to disability. The Port is committed to making reasonable accommodations in the selection process and in the work environment. Individuals invited to advance in the examination process will be provided the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation. The Port of Oakland is an Equal Opportunity Employer Additional Requirements: Must possess a valid California Class C driver license at the time and for the duration of appointment. Must be available for on-call duty as required by emergency situations or as required for uninterrupted operations. This Airport specific classification requires each incumbent to complete and pass a Transportation Security Administration/Federal Aviation Administration (TSA/FAA) 10-year employment history verification, which will include fingerprinting and a Criminal History Records Check (CHRC) prior to being considered for this position. This status must be maintained for the duration of employment at the airport. Must complete and pass a U.S. Customs Airport Security Program Check (19CFR122.182). This status must be maintained for the duration of employment at the Airport. Closing Date/Time: Fri. 01/22/21 5:00 PM Pacific TimeSenior Civil Engineer *RevisedSacramento County, CA Sacramento, CA, United StatesThe Position There is an additional 3.35% Management Differential which is added to the posted salary for this class. This is a continuous filing exam. The next filing cut-offs are at 5:00pm on: 10/9/20, *12/4/20, 4/9/21, 10/8/21 Incumbents are responsible for a variety of civil engineering work in connection with the design, surveying, testing of materials and construction of public works projects. Public works projects include, but are not limited to roads and bridges; traffic control system design; drainage, water and wastewater collection, distribution and treatment; airports; new building construction and remodels; and other structures and projects. Senior Civil Engineer is characterized by the assignment of responsibility for a specific program, functioning either as a project/resident engineer or acting in a staff engineering capacity assisting major division chiefs in determining and fulfilling program responsibilities of the division. The position calls for the exercise of a high degree of initiative, technical proficiency, and judgment. Supervision over professional engineers, including one or more Associates, is normally required of this class, but assignments may be of a highly specialized and very responsible function that does not require supervision of others. In developmental programs, or programs which rely on the services of private consulting firms, this class may supervise few direct subordinates. The Senior is distinguished from the lower class of Associate by the level of responsibility and difficulty and variety of engineering work performed. A Senior is normally responsible for all phases of a major program, whereas an Associate is responsible for one or more individual projects within a program. Incumbent(s) receive general direction from a higher level manager and exercise(s) direct and indirect supervision over lower level professional staff, technical, and clerical personnel. Watch to Explore your career with purpose Examples of Knowledge and Abilities Knowledge Of Applicable to All Options Principles and practices of civil engineering Methods and materials used in the design and construction of varied civil engineering projects Budget preparation Principles and techniques of personnel management and supervision Laws and regulations pertaining to public works construction and design General Option Civil engineering principles and practices applicable to construction, material testing administration, solid waste management Design of park facilities, parking lots and other miscellaneous civil engineering projects County surveyor and permit functions Laws and regulations pertaining to these programs Airport Option Engineering practices and principles applicable to planning and designing airfield and aircraft navigation facilities/equipment, roadways, traffic control and signaling, vehicle parking, sewer facilities, flood control and storm drainage, and water supply Federal, state and local laws ordinances and regulations pertaining to airport facilities Policies and procedures for coordinating airports projects with other Federal, State, County and other local agencies Financial management practices pertaining to the preparation and monitoring of capital improvement program project descriptions, and FAA grants Project management practices pertaining to the preparation of preliminary design and cost estimates for determining project budgetary needs, including other County departments' project support costs, and the identification of other branches' and/or departments' resource needs for design and construction projects Highway Engineering Option Specialized civil engineering principles and practices applicable to streets and highways Survey and construction practices related to highway projects Federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to highway and bridge construction and use Traffic control system design Traffic system management concepts Sanitary Engineering Option Specialized principles, practices, and methods of sanitary engineering Bacteriological, biological, physical, chemical, and other quality control processes involved in the treatment of wastewater Laws and regulations relating to wastewater treatment, collection, distribution and quality control requirements Water Resources Engineering Option Specialized knowledge of the principles, practices and methods of hydraulics, hydrology, water supply, hydraulic structures, drainage and flood control Laws and regulations pertaining to these subjects, as well as to ground and surface waters and water distributing agencies Ability To Plan, supervise and direct the work of professional and technical staff Analyze engineering and managerial problems and work out effective solutions Evaluate and perform difficult design work; perform feasibility and cost analysis studies Write reports, specifications, and contract documents Make written and verbal presentations to professional and civic groups work effectively with subordinates, superiors, official bodies, and the general public Employment Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Current registration as a civil engineer issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers. AND Three years of full-time experience as a registered engineer performing duties which have included difficult and complex civil engineering projects with responsibilities comparable to those of a project, resident, or operations engineer for public works projects. Experience to be applied must be comparable to that of an Associate Civil Engineer within County of Sacramento service. Two years of this experience shall be in the option being tested. A Masters Degree in the option being tested may be substituted for one year of the experience. Note: The word \"experience\" referenced in the minimum qualifications means full-time paid experience unless the job announcement states that volunteer experience is acceptable. Part-time paid experience may be accumulated and pro-rated to meet the total experience requirements. Note: If the minimum qualifications include an educational or certificate/license requirement, applicants must submit proof of requirements with the application. Failure to submit proof of requirements may result in disqualification from the examination. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable. For guidelines on submitting acceptable proof of educational requirements, please click here or speak to someone in our office before the cut-off date listed in this notice. General Qualifications Driver's License: A valid California Driver's License, Class C or higher, is required prior to appointment to this class. Failure to maintain the appropriate California Driver's License, may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Certification Requirements: Per Health and Safety Code, Sections 18949.25 - 18949.31, incumbents may be required to obtain a certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County, within two years of date of hire or assignment. Some positions in this class series require incumbents to complete one year of verifiable experience in the appropriate field and, within one year thereafter, to obtain certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County. Any person currently and continuously employed by the County as an inspector, plans examiner or building official, for not less than two years prior to January 1, 1996, is exempt from the certification requirements as outlined above. In addition, persons appointed to this class might be required to complete a minimum of 45 hours of continuing education every three years. The County may determine appropriate providers of continuing education such as community colleges or organizations affiliated with code enforcement. Note: Failure to meet the required certification requirements may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Physical Requirements: Sit for extended periods, frequently stand and walk Have manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination need to use a variety of office equipment such as computers, telephones, calculators, copiers, and drafting equipment Have corrected vision in order to review plans and specifications and perform other essential functions of the job Occasionally walk on uneven terrain at construction sites, etc. Individuals who are unable to pass some of the physical requirements due to physical disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Working Conditions: May be required to work in excess of 40 hours a week and/or work irregular hours, particularly during emergency situations. Criminal History Check: The County may access criminal history information on candidates who have accepted a conditional offer of appointment within this class consistent with the provisions of Board of Supervisors Resolution No. 82-602, Personnel Policies and Procedure B-5 and applicable federal and state law. The County shall not consider for employment any applicant who has been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor that relates to or impacts the applicant's ability to perform the job duties of this class unless it is determined that mitigating circumstances exist. For purposes of accessing criminal history information, the candidate will be fingerprinted. A subsequent arrest notification may be obtained. Special Access: Some incumbents in this class must acquire and maintain an airport security badge allowing access to secure County airport locations. Probationary Period The probationary period for this classification is twelve (12) months. Application and Testing Information APPLICATION Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. All applicants must complete and submit an online County of Sacramento employment application by 5:00 PM on the posted cut-off date. Click here to apply. County of Sacramento Department of Personnel Services Employment Services Division 700 H Street, Room 4667 Sacramento, CA 95814 Phone (916) 874-5593; 7-1-1 California Relay Service Email EmployOffice@Saccounty.net Inter-Office Mail Code: 09-4667 www.SacCountyJobs.net Employment applications and all documentation requested in this announcement must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Your application should highlight all relevant education, training, and experience, and clearly indicate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position as of the cut-off date. Application information must be current, concise and related to the requirements in this job announcement. You may only apply for this recruitment once. Duplicate and incomplete applications will be disqualified. A resume may be included with your application, however it will not substitute for the information requested on the application. SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE Applicants are required to provide a full and complete response to each supplemental question. The Supplemental Questionnaire is located in the tab marked \"Supplemental Questions\". Please be descriptive in your response. Note: Responses of \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\", or copy and paste of work experience are not qualifying responses and will not be considered. Supplemental Questionnaires must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. The supplemental questions are designed to elicit specific information regarding a candidate's experience, education, and training. Responses should be consistent with the information on your application and are subject to verification. Please provide place of employment, pertinent dates, and concise, descriptive and detailed information for each question. If a job included responsibilities applicable to several questions, separate the different functions of the job to answer all the questions completely. Resumes or referral to the application or other questionnaire responses will not be accepted in lieu of completing each question. If you have no experience, write \"no experience\" for the appropriate question. For many individuals, it is more efficient to develop responses to the supplemental questions in a word processing document and then paste them into the final document to be submitted. Changes or corrections to your Supplemental Questionnaire cannot be made once your application packet has been submitted. If the Supplemental Questionnaire is used in the Formula Rate exam, failure to complete all of the questions or incomplete responses will result in a lower score. While scoring the Supplemental Questionnaire, the candidate's application and/or attachments will not be reviewed , therefore, a candidate's responses to the questions should be accurate, thorough, detailed, and complete. FORMULA RATE EXAMINATION (Weighted 100%) All candidates meeting the minimum qualifications by the cut-off date will have their Supplemental Questionnaire scored in the Formula Rate Examination. This examination will evaluate the relevance, level, recency, progression and quality of candidate's education, training and experience. The candidate's application or other materials will not be included in this examination. Therefore, the candidate's responses to the supplemental questionnaire should be thorough, detailed and complete. The score from the Formula Rate Examination will determine the ranking on the eligible/employment list for this job. All candidates competing in the testing process will receive written notice of their examination results by email. Notices can also be accessed in their governmentjobs.com inbox. Applicants achieving a passing score will be placed on the eligible list in rank order. The rank is determined by the test score attained from the examination. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Click here for Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) For information regarding County jobs: www.saccountyjobs.net Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020The Position There is an additional 3.35% Management Differential which is added to the posted salary for this class. This is a continuous filing exam. The next filing cut-offs are at 5:00pm on: 10/9/20, *12/4/20, 4/9/21, 10/8/21 Incumbents are responsible for a variety of civil engineering work in connection with the design, surveying, testing of materials and construction of public works projects. Public works projects include, but are not limited to roads and bridges; traffic control system design; drainage, water and wastewater collection, distribution and treatment; airports; new building construction and remodels; and other structures and projects. Senior Civil Engineer is characterized by the assignment of responsibility for a specific program, functioning either as a project/resident engineer or acting in a staff engineering capacity assisting major division chiefs in determining and fulfilling program responsibilities of the division. The position calls for the exercise of a high degree of initiative, technical proficiency, and judgment. Supervision over professional engineers, including one or more Associates, is normally required of this class, but assignments may be of a highly specialized and very responsible function that does not require supervision of others. In developmental programs, or programs which rely on the services of private consulting firms, this class may supervise few direct subordinates. The Senior is distinguished from the lower class of Associate by the level of responsibility and difficulty and variety of engineering work performed. A Senior is normally responsible for all phases of a major program, whereas an Associate is responsible for one or more individual projects within a program. Incumbent(s) receive general direction from a higher level manager and exercise(s) direct and indirect supervision over lower level professional staff, technical, and clerical personnel. Watch to Explore your career with purpose Examples of Knowledge and Abilities Knowledge Of Applicable to All Options Principles and practices of civil engineering Methods and materials used in the design and construction of varied civil engineering projects Budget preparation Principles and techniques of personnel management and supervision Laws and regulations pertaining to public works construction and design General Option Civil engineering principles and practices applicable to construction, material testing administration, solid waste management Design of park facilities, parking lots and other miscellaneous civil engineering projects County surveyor and permit functions Laws and regulations pertaining to these programs Airport Option Engineering practices and principles applicable to planning and designing airfield and aircraft navigation facilities/equipment, roadways, traffic control and signaling, vehicle parking, sewer facilities, flood control and storm drainage, and water supply Federal, state and local laws ordinances and regulations pertaining to airport facilities Policies and procedures for coordinating airports projects with other Federal, State, County and other local agencies Financial management practices pertaining to the preparation and monitoring of capital improvement program project descriptions, and FAA grants Project management practices pertaining to the preparation of preliminary design and cost estimates for determining project budgetary needs, including other County departments' project support costs, and the identification of other branches' and/or departments' resource needs for design and construction projects Highway Engineering Option Specialized civil engineering principles and practices applicable to streets and highways Survey and construction practices related to highway projects Federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to highway and bridge construction and use Traffic control system design Traffic system management concepts Sanitary Engineering Option Specialized principles, practices, and methods of sanitary engineering Bacteriological, biological, physical, chemical, and other quality control processes involved in the treatment of wastewater Laws and regulations relating to wastewater treatment, collection, distribution and quality control requirements Water Resources Engineering Option Specialized knowledge of the principles, practices and methods of hydraulics, hydrology, water supply, hydraulic structures, drainage and flood control Laws and regulations pertaining to these subjects, as well as to ground and surface waters and water distributing agencies Ability To Plan, supervise and direct the work of professional and technical staff Analyze engineering and managerial problems and work out effective solutions Evaluate and perform difficult design work; perform feasibility and cost analysis studies Write reports, specifications, and contract documents Make written and verbal presentations to professional and civic groups work effectively with subordinates, superiors, official bodies, and the general public Employment Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Current registration as a civil engineer issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers. AND Three years of full-time experience as a registered engineer performing duties which have included difficult and complex civil engineering projects with responsibilities comparable to those of a project, resident, or operations engineer for public works projects. Experience to be applied must be comparable to that of an Associate Civil Engineer within County of Sacramento service. Two years of this experience shall be in the option being tested. A Masters Degree in the option being tested may be substituted for one year of the experience. Note: The word \"experience\" referenced in the minimum qualifications means full-time paid experience unless the job announcement states that volunteer experience is acceptable. Part-time paid experience may be accumulated and pro-rated to meet the total experience requirements. Note: If the minimum qualifications include an educational or certificate/license requirement, applicants must submit proof of requirements with the application. Failure to submit proof of requirements may result in disqualification from the examination. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable. For guidelines on submitting acceptable proof of educational requirements, please click here or speak to someone in our office before the cut-off date listed in this notice. General Qualifications Driver's License: A valid California Driver's License, Class C or higher, is required prior to appointment to this class. Failure to maintain the appropriate California Driver's License, may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Certification Requirements: Per Health and Safety Code, Sections 18949.25 - 18949.31, incumbents may be required to obtain a certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County, within two years of date of hire or assignment. Some positions in this class series require incumbents to complete one year of verifiable experience in the appropriate field and, within one year thereafter, to obtain certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County. Any person currently and continuously employed by the County as an inspector, plans examiner or building official, for not less than two years prior to January 1, 1996, is exempt from the certification requirements as outlined above. In addition, persons appointed to this class might be required to complete a minimum of 45 hours of continuing education every three years. The County may determine appropriate providers of continuing education such as community colleges or organizations affiliated with code enforcement. Note: Failure to meet the required certification requirements may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Physical Requirements: Sit for extended periods, frequently stand and walk Have manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination need to use a variety of office equipment such as computers, telephones, calculators, copiers, and drafting equipment Have corrected vision in order to review plans and specifications and perform other essential functions of the job Occasionally walk on uneven terrain at construction sites, etc. Individuals who are unable to pass some of the physical requirements due to physical disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Working Conditions: May be required to work in excess of 40 hours a week and/or work irregular hours, particularly during emergency situations. Criminal History Check: The County may access criminal history information on candidates who have accepted a conditional offer of appointment within this class consistent with the provisions of Board of Supervisors Resolution No. 82-602, Personnel Policies and Procedure B-5 and applicable federal and state law. The County shall not consider for employment any applicant who has been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor that relates to or impacts the applicant's ability to perform the job duties of this class unless it is determined that mitigating circumstances exist. For purposes of accessing criminal history information, the candidate will be fingerprinted. A subsequent arrest notification may be obtained. Special Access: Some incumbents in this class must acquire and maintain an airport security badge allowing access to secure County airport locations. Probationary Period The probationary period for this classification is twelve (12) months. Application and Testing Information APPLICATION Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. All applicants must complete and submit an online County of Sacramento employment application by 5:00 PM on the posted cut-off date. Click here to apply. County of Sacramento Department of Personnel Services Employment Services Division 700 H Street, Room 4667 Sacramento, CA 95814 Phone (916) 874-5593; 7-1-1 California Relay Service Email EmployOffice@Saccounty.net Inter-Office Mail Code: 09-4667 www.SacCountyJobs.net Employment applications and all documentation requested in this announcement must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Your application should highlight all relevant education, training, and experience, and clearly indicate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position as of the cut-off date. Application information must be current, concise and related to the requirements in this job announcement. You may only apply for this recruitment once. Duplicate and incomplete applications will be disqualified. A resume may be included with your application, however it will not substitute for the information requested on the application. SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE Applicants are required to provide a full and complete response to each supplemental question. The Supplemental Questionnaire is located in the tab marked \"Supplemental Questions\". Please be descriptive in your response. Note: Responses of \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\", or copy and paste of work experience are not qualifying responses and will not be considered. Supplemental Questionnaires must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. The supplemental questions are designed to elicit specific information regarding a candidate's experience, education, and training. Responses should be consistent with the information on your application and are subject to verification. Please provide place of employment, pertinent dates, and concise, descriptive and detailed information for each question. If a job included responsibilities applicable to several questions, separate the different functions of the job to answer all the questions completely. Resumes or referral to the application or other questionnaire responses will not be accepted in lieu of completing each question. If you have no experience, write \"no experience\" for the appropriate question. For many individuals, it is more efficient to develop responses to the supplemental questions in a word processing document and then paste them into the final document to be submitted. Changes or corrections to your Supplemental Questionnaire cannot be made once your application packet has been submitted. If the Supplemental Questionnaire is used in the Formula Rate exam, failure to complete all of the questions or incomplete responses will result in a lower score. While scoring the Supplemental Questionnaire, the candidate's application and/or attachments will not be reviewed , therefore, a candidate's responses to the questions should be accurate, thorough, detailed, and complete. FORMULA RATE EXAMINATION (Weighted 100%) All candidates meeting the minimum qualifications by the cut-off date will have their Supplemental Questionnaire scored in the Formula Rate Examination. This examination will evaluate the relevance, level, recency, progression and quality of candidate's education, training and experience. The candidate's application or other materials will not be included in this examination. Therefore, the candidate's responses to the supplemental questionnaire should be thorough, detailed and complete. The score from the Formula Rate Examination will determine the ranking on the eligible/employment list for this job. All candidates competing in the testing process will receive written notice of their examination results by email. Notices can also be accessed in their governmentjobs.com inbox. Applicants achieving a passing score will be placed on the eligible list in rank order. The rank is determined by the test score attained from the examination. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Click here for Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) For information regarding County jobs: www.saccountyjobs.net Closing Date/Time: ContinuousHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	CIVIL ENGINEERCity of Long Beach, CA Long Beach, CA, United StatesDESCRIPTION Accepting online applications only. Apply online 24 hours a day, beginning October 29, 2018. Filing will remain open until vacancies are filled. Filing may close without further notice. Effective October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021, current salary ranges are impacted by the city-wide furlough. Additional information is outlined in the City's Memorandum of Understandings (MOUs) with its labor unions at http://www.longbeach.gov/hr/about-us/labor-relations . This employment opportunity offers a wide variety of exciting positions ranging from Airport, Harbor (Port of Long Beach), Development Services, Public Works and Water. Click HERE to see more details regarding the positions for each department. SPECIAL NOTE: Current city employees within the classification or held prior status within the classification, with a desire to transfer to another department, bureau or division, submit your transfer application to be placed on the Transfer List. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES Under direction, performs responsible professional civil engineering work in preparing, reviewing, and/or supervising the preparation of studies, designs, plans, specifications, estimates and reports relating to the design, construction, testing, operation and maintenance of a wide variety of municipal and harbor engineering, building, or street and mobility projects; receives assignments in general terms which outline the type and general characteristics of the projects; decides on the procedure and performs or reviews preliminary and final design work relating to civil engineering projects or building projects including structural design for code compliance, assigning to subordinate engineers the development of plans, specifications, designs, and detailed drawings of the various components of the projects; performs and/or directs field engineering activities in connection with the construction, maintenance and operation of a wide variety of engineering projects; communicates findings and recommendations both verbally and in writing to both professional and lay persons; may utilize computer-aided drafting and design equipment; may act as a project manager including procurement, negotiating, budgeting, scheduling, interfacing with regulatory agencies and other stakeholders, and monitoring and evaluating the work of consultants performing engineering work for the City; may administer construction and consultant contracts, including analyzing and negotiating contract changes, evaluating claims and reviewing and processing progress payments; and performs other related duties as required. REQUIREMENTS TO FILE Current registration as a Professional Civil Engineer in the State of California (proof required)*. Additional Requirements to File: Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. Willing to work occasional evenings, weekends and holidays as needed. A valid driver's license and current DMV driving record must be submitted to the hiring department at the time of selection *Required documents, such as transcripts or degree, must be uploaded to the application at the time of filing. Any proofs submitted must contain either the applicant's name or other identifying characteristic on the form. Degree must indicate the field of study and transcripts must indicate field of study and degree conferred date. Candidates who possess degrees from colleges or universities from outside the United States must attach proof of educational equivalency at the time of filing. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Experience in any of the following areas: public agency, supervisory, airport, rail, traffic, land and building development, port/maritime, program/project management experience in construction management, planning, or design, environmental remediation/planning, sustainable infrastructure development (LEED, Envision, ENV-SP, CEEQUAL, GreenRoads), and/or water/wastewater engineering and development; working knowledge of AutoCAD Civil 3D, Autodesk/Microstation, Inroads, WaterGem, SewerGem and GIS software (ESRI); scheduling software (Microsoft Project, Oracle P6); Project Management Software (Orion, Oracle Unifier); Water Distribution and Water Treatment Operator certifications from the State Water Resources Control Board; Collection System Maintenance Technologist Certification from the California Water Environment Association; Plans Examiner certification from the International Code Council (ICC), Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and/or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), Certified Construction Manager (CCM) and other engineering and project management software or certifications related to any of the areas stated above; ability to operate independently in developing preliminary and final designs for projects; ability to prepare construction specifications. SELECTION PROCEDURE EXAMINATION WEIGHTS: Application Packet.................................................................................. Qualifying This examination will be conducted using the continuous, non-competitive procedure. All applicants meeting the requirements will be placed on the eligible list, with those receiving Veteran's credit first, and then in the order in which applications were filed. Eligible lists will be established periodically. The continuous eligible list will expire in six months. If you have not received notification within three weeks after filing, contact the Civil Service Department at (562) 570-6202. In support of the City's Language Access Policy, bilingual skills (Spanish, Khmer and/or Tagalog) are desirable for some positions interacting with public. K11NN-19 EK;CE 11/7/18Closing Date/Time:Dec 21, 2020Full TimeDESCRIPTION Accepting online applications only. Apply online 24 hours a day, beginning October 29, 2018. Filing will remain open until vacancies are filled. Filing may close without further notice. Effective October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021, current salary ranges are impacted by the city-wide furlough. Additional information is outlined in the City's Memorandum of Understandings (MOUs) with its labor unions at http://www.longbeach.gov/hr/about-us/labor-relations . This employment opportunity offers a wide variety of exciting positions ranging from Airport, Harbor (Port of Long Beach), Development Services, Public Works and Water. Click HERE to see more details regarding the positions for each department. SPECIAL NOTE: Current city employees within the classification or held prior status within the classification, with a desire to transfer to another department, bureau or division, submit your transfer application to be placed on the Transfer List. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES Under direction, performs responsible professional civil engineering work in preparing, reviewing, and/or supervising the preparation of studies, designs, plans, specifications, estimates and reports relating to the design, construction, testing, operation and maintenance of a wide variety of municipal and harbor engineering, building, or street and mobility projects; receives assignments in general terms which outline the type and general characteristics of the projects; decides on the procedure and performs or reviews preliminary and final design work relating to civil engineering projects or building projects including structural design for code compliance, assigning to subordinate engineers the development of plans, specifications, designs, and detailed drawings of the various components of the projects; performs and/or directs field engineering activities in connection with the construction, maintenance and operation of a wide variety of engineering projects; communicates findings and recommendations both verbally and in writing to both professional and lay persons; may utilize computer-aided drafting and design equipment; may act as a project manager including procurement, negotiating, budgeting, scheduling, interfacing with regulatory agencies and other stakeholders, and monitoring and evaluating the work of consultants performing engineering work for the City; may administer construction and consultant contracts, including analyzing and negotiating contract changes, evaluating claims and reviewing and processing progress payments; and performs other related duties as required. REQUIREMENTS TO FILE Current registration as a Professional Civil Engineer in the State of California (proof required)*. Additional Requirements to File: Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. Willing to work occasional evenings, weekends and holidays as needed. A valid driver's license and current DMV driving record must be submitted to the hiring department at the time of selection *Required documents, such as transcripts or degree, must be uploaded to the application at the time of filing. Any proofs submitted must contain either the applicant's name or other identifying characteristic on the form. Degree must indicate the field of study and transcripts must indicate field of study and degree conferred date. Candidates who possess degrees from colleges or universities from outside the United States must attach proof of educational equivalency at the time of filing. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Experience in any of the following areas: public agency, supervisory, airport, rail, traffic, land and building development, port/maritime, program/project management experience in construction management, planning, or design, environmental remediation/planning, sustainable infrastructure development (LEED, Envision, ENV-SP, CEEQUAL, GreenRoads), and/or water/wastewater engineering and development; working knowledge of AutoCAD Civil 3D, Autodesk/Microstation, Inroads, WaterGem, SewerGem and GIS software (ESRI); scheduling software (Microsoft Project, Oracle P6); Project Management Software (Orion, Oracle Unifier); Water Distribution and Water Treatment Operator certifications from the State Water Resources Control Board; Collection System Maintenance Technologist Certification from the California Water Environment Association; Plans Examiner certification from the International Code Council (ICC), Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and/or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), Certified Construction Manager (CCM) and other engineering and project management software or certifications related to any of the areas stated above; ability to operate independently in developing preliminary and final designs for projects; ability to prepare construction specifications. SELECTION PROCEDURE EXAMINATION WEIGHTS: Application Packet.................................................................................. Qualifying This examination will be conducted using the continuous, non-competitive procedure. All applicants meeting the requirements will be placed on the eligible list, with those receiving Veteran's credit first, and then in the order in which applications were filed. Eligible lists will be established periodically. The continuous eligible list will expire in six months. If you have not received notification within three weeks after filing, contact the Civil Service Department at (562) 570-6202. In support of the City's Language Access Policy, bilingual skills (Spanish, Khmer and/or Tagalog) are desirable for some positions interacting with public. K11NN-19 EK;CE 11/7/18Closing Date/Time:Principal Civil EngineerSacramento County, CA Sacramento, CA, United StatesThe Position There is an additional 3.35% Management Differential which is added to the posted salary for this class. This is a continuous filing exam. Next filing cut-offs are at 5:00 pm on: 10/9/20, 4/9/21, 10/8/21 Incumbents are responsible for a variety of general civil engineering work in connection with the design, surveying, testing of materials and construction of public works projects. Public works projects include, but are not limited to new building construction and remodels; and other structures and projects. Principal Civil Engineer is a management level class requiring a high degree of professional skill and knowledge in administering and evaluating complex engineering programs. The class of Principal Civil Engineer differs from the next lower class of Senior Civil Engineer, in that the Principal plans, organizes, coordinates, and directs the work of a major section involving several programs whereas the Senior is responsible for a specific program. The Principal has greater administrative responsibility in the area of long and short range planning and budget control and review and has more responsibility for the professional growth and development of assigned staff. The scope of responsibility and discretion allowed is great. Decisions are subject to review only when general policy is involved. Watch to Explore your career with purpose Examples of Knowledge and Abilities Knowledge of Principles and practices of civil engineering Methods and materials used in the design, construction, and inspection of varied civil engineering projects Budget preparation Principles and techniques of personnel management and supervision Laws and regulations pertaining to public works construction and design Ability to Plan, supervise, direct, and coordinate the work of a multiple disciplinary professional and technical staff Evaluate complex design and consulting work Direct the preparation of technical reports Direct the preparation of a complicated and comprehensive budget Analyze engineering and managerial problems and work out effective solutions Maintain effective working relationships with superiors, subordinates, consultants, and others Train and direct personnel Effectively present policy questions, alternatives and recommend solutions to department manager or elected officials Employment Qualifications Minimum Qualifications : Current registration as a civil engineer issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers. AND Four years of full-time experience as a registered engineer performing duties which have included difficult and complex civil engineering projects with responsibilities comparable to those of a project, resident, or operations engineer for public works projects. The projects must have provided significant involvement with budget preparation or monitoring of project expenditures; principles and techniques of human resources management and supervision; Federal, State, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations pertaining to the programs and their funding; and interface with other coordinating organizations and regulatory jurisdictions. Experience to be applied must be comparable to that of an Associate Civil Engineer or higher within County of Sacramento service. Two years of this experience shall be in the option being tested. A Masters Degree in the option being tested may be substituted for one year of the experience. Note: If the word \"experience\" is referenced in the minimum qualifications, it means full-time paid experience unless the minimum qualification states that volunteer experience is acceptable. Part-time paid experience may be accumulated and pro-rated to meet the total experience requirements. Note: If the minimum qualifications include an educational or certificate/license requirement, applicants must submit proof of requirements with the application. Failure to submit proof of requirements may result in disqualification from the examination. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable. For guidelines on submitting acceptable proof of educational requirements, please click here or speak to someone in our office before the cut-off date listed in this notice. General Qualifications: License Requirement : A valid California Driver's License, Class C or higher, is required prior to appointment to this class Failure to maintain the appropriate California Driver's License, may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Certification Requirements : Per Health and Safety Code, Sections 18949.25 - 18949.31, incumbents may be required to obtain a certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County, within two years of date of hire or assignment. Some positions in this class series require incumbents to complete one year of verifiable experience in the appropriate field and, within one year thereafter, to obtain certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County. Any person currently and continuously employed by the County as an inspector, plans examiner or building official, for not less than two years prior to January 1, 1996, is exempt from the certification requirements as outlined above. In addition, persons appointed to this class might be required to complete a minimum of 45 hours of continuing education every three years. The County may determine appropriate providers of continuing education such as community colleges or organizations affiliated with code enforcement. Note : Failure to meet the required certification requirements may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Physical Requirements Sit for extended periods, frequently stand and walk Have manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination need to use a variety of office equipment such as computers, telephones, calculators, copiers, and drafting equipment Have corrected vision in order to review plans and specifications and perform other essential functions of the job Occasionally walk on uneven terrain at construction sites, etc. Individuals who are unable to pass some of the physical requirements due to physical disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Working Conditions : May be required to work in excess of 40 hours a week and/or work irregular hours, particularly during emergency situations. Criminal History Check : The County may access criminal history information on candidates who have accepted a conditional offer of appointment within this class consistent with the provisions of Board of Supervisors Resolution No. 82-602, Personnel Policies and Procedure B-5 and applicable federal and state law. The County shall not consider for employment any applicant who has been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor that relates to or impacts the applicant's ability to perform the job duties of this class unless it is determined that mitigating circumstances exist. For purposes of accessing criminal history information, the candidate will be fingerprinted. A subsequent arrest notification may be obtained. Special Access : Some incumbents in this class must acquire and maintain an airport security badge allowing access to secure County airport locations. Probationary Period : The probationary period for this classification is twelve ( 12 ) months Application and Testing Information APPLICATION Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. All applicants must complete and submit an online County of Sacramento employment application by 5:00 PM on the posted cut-off date. Click here to apply. County of Sacramento Department of Personnel Services Employment Services Division 700 H Street, Room 4667 Sacramento, CA 95814 Phone (916) 874-5593; 7-1-1 California Relay Service Email EmployOffice@Saccounty.net Inter-Office Mail Code: 09-4667 www.SacCountyJobs.net Employment applications and all documentation requested in this announcement must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Your application should highlight all relevant education, training, and experience, and clearly indicate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position as of the cut-off date. Application information must be current, concise and related to the requirements in this job announcement. You may only apply for this recruitment once. Duplicate and incomplete applications will be disqualified. A resume may be included with your application, however it will not substitute for the information requested on the application. SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE Applicants are required to provide a full and complete response to each supplemental question. The Supplemental Questionnaire is located in the tab marked \"Supplemental Questions\". Please be descriptive in your response. Note: Responses of \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\", or copy and paste of work experience are not qualifying responses and will not be considered. Supplemental Questionnaires must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. The supplemental questions are designed to elicit specific information regarding a candidate's experience, education, and training. Responses should be consistent with the information on your application and are subject to verification. Please provide place of employment, pertinent dates, and concise, descriptive and detailed information for each question. If a job included responsibilities applicable to several questions, separate the different functions of the job to answer all the questions completely. Resumes or referral to the application or other questionnaire responses will not be accepted in lieu of completing each question. If you have no experience, write \"no experience\" for the appropriate question. For many individuals, it is more efficient to develop responses to the supplemental questions in a word processing document and then paste them into the final document to be submitted. Changes or corrections to your Supplemental Questionnaire cannot be made once your application packet has been submitted. If the Supplemental Questionnaire is used in the Formula Rate exam, failure to complete all of the questions or incomplete responses will result in a lower score. While scoring the Supplemental Questionnaire, the candidate's application and/or attachments will not be reviewed , therefore, a candidate's responses to the questions should be accurate, thorough, detailed, and complete. FORMULA RATE EXAMINATION (Weighted 100%) All candidates meeting the minimum qualifications by the cut-off date will have their Supplemental Questionnaire scored in the Formula Rate Examination. This examination will evaluate the relevance, level, recency, progression and quality of candidate's education, training and experience. The candidate's application or other materials will not be included in this examination. Therefore, the candidate's responses to the supplemental questionnaire should be thorough, detailed and complete. The score from the Formula Rate Examination will determine the ranking on the eligible/employment list for this job. All candidates competing in the testing process will receive written notice of their examination results by email. Notices can also be accessed in their governmentjobs.com inbox. Applicants achieving a passing score will be placed on the eligible list in rank order. The rank is determined by the test score attained from the examination. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Click here for Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) For information regarding County jobs: www.saccountyjobs.net Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020The Position There is an additional 3.35% Management Differential which is added to the posted salary for this class. This is a continuous filing exam. Next filing cut-offs are at 5:00 pm on: 10/9/20, 4/9/21, 10/8/21 Incumbents are responsible for a variety of general civil engineering work in connection with the design, surveying, testing of materials and construction of public works projects. Public works projects include, but are not limited to new building construction and remodels; and other structures and projects. Principal Civil Engineer is a management level class requiring a high degree of professional skill and knowledge in administering and evaluating complex engineering programs. The class of Principal Civil Engineer differs from the next lower class of Senior Civil Engineer, in that the Principal plans, organizes, coordinates, and directs the work of a major section involving several programs whereas the Senior is responsible for a specific program. The Principal has greater administrative responsibility in the area of long and short range planning and budget control and review and has more responsibility for the professional growth and development of assigned staff. The scope of responsibility and discretion allowed is great. Decisions are subject to review only when general policy is involved. Watch to Explore your career with purpose Examples of Knowledge and Abilities Knowledge of Principles and practices of civil engineering Methods and materials used in the design, construction, and inspection of varied civil engineering projects Budget preparation Principles and techniques of personnel management and supervision Laws and regulations pertaining to public works construction and design Ability to Plan, supervise, direct, and coordinate the work of a multiple disciplinary professional and technical staff Evaluate complex design and consulting work Direct the preparation of technical reports Direct the preparation of a complicated and comprehensive budget Analyze engineering and managerial problems and work out effective solutions Maintain effective working relationships with superiors, subordinates, consultants, and others Train and direct personnel Effectively present policy questions, alternatives and recommend solutions to department manager or elected officials Employment Qualifications Minimum Qualifications : Current registration as a civil engineer issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers. AND Four years of full-time experience as a registered engineer performing duties which have included difficult and complex civil engineering projects with responsibilities comparable to those of a project, resident, or operations engineer for public works projects. The projects must have provided significant involvement with budget preparation or monitoring of project expenditures; principles and techniques of human resources management and supervision; Federal, State, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations pertaining to the programs and their funding; and interface with other coordinating organizations and regulatory jurisdictions. Experience to be applied must be comparable to that of an Associate Civil Engineer or higher within County of Sacramento service. Two years of this experience shall be in the option being tested. A Masters Degree in the option being tested may be substituted for one year of the experience. Note: If the word \"experience\" is referenced in the minimum qualifications, it means full-time paid experience unless the minimum qualification states that volunteer experience is acceptable. Part-time paid experience may be accumulated and pro-rated to meet the total experience requirements. Note: If the minimum qualifications include an educational or certificate/license requirement, applicants must submit proof of requirements with the application. Failure to submit proof of requirements may result in disqualification from the examination. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable. For guidelines on submitting acceptable proof of educational requirements, please click here or speak to someone in our office before the cut-off date listed in this notice. General Qualifications: License Requirement : A valid California Driver's License, Class C or higher, is required prior to appointment to this class Failure to maintain the appropriate California Driver's License, may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Certification Requirements : Per Health and Safety Code, Sections 18949.25 - 18949.31, incumbents may be required to obtain a certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County, within two years of date of hire or assignment. Some positions in this class series require incumbents to complete one year of verifiable experience in the appropriate field and, within one year thereafter, to obtain certification from a recognized state, national, or international association, as determined by the County. Any person currently and continuously employed by the County as an inspector, plans examiner or building official, for not less than two years prior to January 1, 1996, is exempt from the certification requirements as outlined above. In addition, persons appointed to this class might be required to complete a minimum of 45 hours of continuing education every three years. The County may determine appropriate providers of continuing education such as community colleges or organizations affiliated with code enforcement. Note : Failure to meet the required certification requirements may constitute cause for termination from this class in accordance with Civil Service Rule 11.4. Physical Requirements Sit for extended periods, frequently stand and walk Have manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination need to use a variety of office equipment such as computers, telephones, calculators, copiers, and drafting equipment Have corrected vision in order to review plans and specifications and perform other essential functions of the job Occasionally walk on uneven terrain at construction sites, etc. Individuals who are unable to pass some of the physical requirements due to physical disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Working Conditions : May be required to work in excess of 40 hours a week and/or work irregular hours, particularly during emergency situations. Criminal History Check : The County may access criminal history information on candidates who have accepted a conditional offer of appointment within this class consistent with the provisions of Board of Supervisors Resolution No. 82-602, Personnel Policies and Procedure B-5 and applicable federal and state law. The County shall not consider for employment any applicant who has been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor that relates to or impacts the applicant's ability to perform the job duties of this class unless it is determined that mitigating circumstances exist. For purposes of accessing criminal history information, the candidate will be fingerprinted. A subsequent arrest notification may be obtained. Special Access : Some incumbents in this class must acquire and maintain an airport security badge allowing access to secure County airport locations. Probationary Period : The probationary period for this classification is twelve ( 12 ) months Application and Testing Information APPLICATION Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. All applicants must complete and submit an online County of Sacramento employment application by 5:00 PM on the posted cut-off date. Click here to apply. County of Sacramento Department of Personnel Services Employment Services Division 700 H Street, Room 4667 Sacramento, CA 95814 Phone (916) 874-5593; 7-1-1 California Relay Service Email EmployOffice@Saccounty.net Inter-Office Mail Code: 09-4667 www.SacCountyJobs.net Employment applications and all documentation requested in this announcement must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Your application should highlight all relevant education, training, and experience, and clearly indicate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position as of the cut-off date. Application information must be current, concise and related to the requirements in this job announcement. You may only apply for this recruitment once. Duplicate and incomplete applications will be disqualified. A resume may be included with your application, however it will not substitute for the information requested on the application. SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE Applicants are required to provide a full and complete response to each supplemental question. The Supplemental Questionnaire is located in the tab marked \"Supplemental Questions\". Please be descriptive in your response. Note: Responses of \"See Resume\" or \"See Application\", or copy and paste of work experience are not qualifying responses and will not be considered. Supplemental Questionnaires must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. Employment Services is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by an applicant's computer or web browser. Applicants will be automatically logged out if they have not submitted their applications and all documentation prior to 5:00 p.m. on the cut-off date. The supplemental questions are designed to elicit specific information regarding a candidate's experience, education, and training. Responses should be consistent with the information on your application and are subject to verification. Please provide place of employment, pertinent dates, and concise, descriptive and detailed information for each question. If a job included responsibilities applicable to several questions, separate the different functions of the job to answer all the questions completely. Resumes or referral to the application or other questionnaire responses will not be accepted in lieu of completing each question. If you have no experience, write \"no experience\" for the appropriate question. For many individuals, it is more efficient to develop responses to the supplemental questions in a word processing document and then paste them into the final document to be submitted. Changes or corrections to your Supplemental Questionnaire cannot be made once your application packet has been submitted. If the Supplemental Questionnaire is used in the Formula Rate exam, failure to complete all of the questions or incomplete responses will result in a lower score. While scoring the Supplemental Questionnaire, the candidate's application and/or attachments will not be reviewed , therefore, a candidate's responses to the questions should be accurate, thorough, detailed, and complete. FORMULA RATE EXAMINATION (Weighted 100%) All candidates meeting the minimum qualifications by the cut-off date will have their Supplemental Questionnaire scored in the Formula Rate Examination. This examination will evaluate the relevance, level, recency, progression and quality of candidate's education, training and experience. The candidate's application or other materials will not be included in this examination. Therefore, the candidate's responses to the supplemental questionnaire should be thorough, detailed and complete. The score from the Formula Rate Examination will determine the ranking on the eligible/employment list for this job. All candidates competing in the testing process will receive written notice of their examination results by email. Notices can also be accessed in their governmentjobs.com inbox. Applicants achieving a passing score will be placed on the eligible list in rank order. The rank is determined by the test score attained from the examination. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Click here for Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) For information regarding County jobs: www.saccountyjobs.net Closing Date/Time: ContinuousLoad more	Modal WindowEmployer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES© 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
