"Duke University, Biomedical EngineeringAcademicJobsOnline.org‌New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact UsDuke University, Biomedical EngineeringPosition ID: Duke-BME-ASSOCINRESBURSAC [#15519]Position Title: Associate in ResearchPosition Type: OtherPosition Location: Durham, North Carolina 27708, United States [map]Subject Area: Biomedical Engineering / Tissue EngineeringAppl Deadline: 2020/12/31 11:59PM (posted 2019/11/18, listed until 2020/12/31)Position Description:*** the list date or deadline for this position has passed and new applications are no longer being accepted. ***Associate in Research position is immediately available in the Cardiac Electrophysiology and Tissue Engineering laboratory of Biomedical Engineering Department at Duke University under Professor Nenad Bursac (http://bursaclab.pratt.duke.edu/). Responsibilities include isolation and culture of neonatal rat cardiomyocytes, maintenance and differentiation of human pluripotent stem cell lines to cardiac and skeletal muscle lineages, cell transfections and transductions, qRT-PCR, immunofluorescence staining, immunoblotting, and animal work including echocardiographic measurements. The candidate should be able to work alone and in team, independently review related scientific literature to troubleshoot encountered problems and improve on used methodologies. Will also occasionally train and supervise undergraduate and graduate students in cell culture and molecular biology techniques.Required qualifications: B.S. degree in biology or related field with significant experience with cell culture, molecular biology, and biochemical techniques. Applications will be reviewed as they are received until candidate is selected. The training environment of the Bursac group is highly interdisciplinary and provides ample opportunities for scientific growth and pursuit of both academic and industry careers. Duke University is an equal opportunity employer. Interested candidates should send their resume and two reference letters to Dr. Nenad Bursac (nbursac@duke.edu).Duke is committed to encouraging and sustaining work and learning environments that are free from harassment and prohibited discrimination. Duke prohibits discrimination and harassment in the administration of both its employment and educational policies. Duke University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employment opportunity without regard to an individual's age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender expression, gender identity, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status. Duke also makes good faith efforts to recruit, hire, and promote qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans.Duke University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employment opportunity without regard to an individual's age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status.Duke aspires to create a community built on collaboration, innovation, creativity, and belonging. Our collective success depends on the robust exchange of ideas-an exchange that is best when the rich diversity of our perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences flourishes. To achieve this exchange, it is essential that all members of the community feel secure and welcome, that the contributions of all individuals are respected, and that all voices are heard. All members of our community have a responsibility to uphold these values.Application Materials Required:Submit the following items online at this website to complete your application:Cover letterCurriculum VitaeTwo reference letters (to be submitted online by the reference writers at this site )And anything else requested in the position description.Further Info:http://bursaclab.pratt.duke.edu/http://www.bme.duke.eduNew Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us© 2021 AcademicJobsOnline.Org. All Rights Reserved."
