"Front Desk Agent in Cincinnati, Ohio | Careers at The Phelps - Residence Inn Cincinnati DowntownPyramid Hotel GroupPlease Enable Cookies to ContinuePlease enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.Welcome page Welcome pageReturning Candidate?Log back in!Front Desk AgentHotel/Resort Name The Phelps - Residence Inn Cincinnati DowntownPosted Date 3 weeks ago(1/7/2021 12:08 PM)Location : Company NameWinegardner and Hammons Hotel GroupLocationUS-OH-CincinnatiDepartmentFront OfficePosition TypeRegular Part-Time# of Openings1Requisition ID2021-8737About UsThere's a reason we were named the #1 hotel in Cincinnati. It's our people. Sure, we have boutique accommodations at Residence Inn Cincinnati Downtown, housed in the historic Phelps Building in the heart of the city. Unique among extended-stay hotels in Cincinnati, we feature a rooftop restaurant and terrace, but that's not what really sets us apart. We were named number one because we're powered by some of the best, most talented individuals in the business. If you're the best, you belong with the best. Come see what a career with us will do for you!DescriptionGreets and registers guests, provides prompt and courteous service, and closes out guest accounts upon completion of stay to meet Pyramid Hotel Groups' high standards of quality.The Front Desk Agent will:Greet customers immediately with a friendly and sincere welcome. Use a positive and clear speaking voice, listen to understand requests, respond with appropriate action and provide accurate information such as outlet hours and local attractions.Complete the registration process by inputting and retrieving information with routine difficulty from a computer system, confirming pertinent information including number of guests and room rate. Promote Hotel's marketing programs. Make appropriate selection of rooms based on guest needs. Code electronic keys. Non-verbally confirm the room number and rate. Provide welcome folders containing room keys, certificates, coupons and refreshment center keys as appropriate. Requires continual standing and movement throughout front office area.Verify and imprint credit cards for authorization using electronic acceptance methods. Handle cash, make change and balance an assigned house bank. Accept and record vouchers, travellers checks, and other forms of payment. Perform accurate, moderately complex arithmetic functions using a calculator. Post charges to guest rooms and house accounts using the computer.Promptly answer the telephone using positive and clear English communication. Input messages into the computer. Retrieve messages and communicate the content to the guest. Retrieve mail, small packages and facsimiles for customers as requested.Close guest accounts at time of check out and ascertain satisfaction. In the event of dissatisfaction, negotiate compromise, which may include authorizing revenue allowances.Remain calm and alert, especially during emergency and/or heavy hotel activity, and resolve complications such as location changes or credit issues.Field guest complaints, conducting through research to develop the most effective solutions and negotiate results. Listen and extend assistance in order to resolve problems such as price conflicts, insufficient heating or air conditioning, etc. Take ownership of guests challenges and follow through to ensure guest satisfaction. Remain calm and alert especially during emergency situations and heavy hotel activity. Plan and implement detailed steps by using experienced judgement and discretion.Other:Regular attendance in conformance with the standards, which may be established by Pyramid Hotel Groups from time to time, is essential to the successful performance of this position. Employees with irregular attendance will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.Due to the cyclical nature of the hospitality industry, employees may be required to work varying schedules to reflect the business needs of the hotel.Upon employment, all employees are required to fully comply with Pyramid Hotel Groups rules and regulations for the safe and efficient operation of hotel facilities. Employees who violate Hotel rules and regulations will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.SUPPORTIVE FUNCTIONS:In addition to performance of the essential functions, this position may be required to perform a combination of the following supportive functions, with the percentage of time performing each function to be solely determined by the supervisor based upon the particular requirements of the hotel.Summon bell-staff assistance to escort guests to their rooms as appropriate.Provide safety deposit boxes for guest by pulling the box from the vault and carrying it to the customer. File access slips in room order.Operate facsimile machine to send, receive, and log incoming transmissions. Notify guests of incoming faxes using the message function of the computer.Use the photocopier to make copies of items as required.Other duties as assigned by the supervisor such as assisting PBX operators or reservations agents.SPECIFIC JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITYThe individual must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation, using some other combination of skills and abilities.Basic mathematical skills and considerable skill in the use of a calculator to prepare moderately complex mathematical calculations without error.Ability to effectively deal with internal and external customers, some of whom will require high levels of patience, tact and diplomacy to defuse anger, collect accurate information and resolve conflicts.Ability to stand and move throughout front office and continuously perform essential job functions.Ability to read, listen and communicate effectively in English, both verbally and in writing.Ability to access and accurately input information using a moderately complex computer system.Hearing and visual ability to observe and detect signs of emergency situations.Experience with FOSSE systems is a plus but not required.RequirementsEducation:High school diploma preferred.Experience:No prior experience required. Prior hospitality experience preferred.Licenses or certificates:No special licenses required. Individuals are required to meet the minimum bonding standards.Grooming:All employees must maintain a neat, clean and well groomed appearance (specific standards available).Other:Applicants with additional language skills preferred.OptionsApply for this jobApplyShareEmail this jobReferSorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.Share on your newsfeedApplication FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMS"
