"Jobs in Birmingham | Search Jobs Near MeHomeFind JobsRegister CVAdvertise jobsEmployer PricingIT JobsSign inSign upHomeFind JobsRegister CVAdvertise jobsEmployer PricingIT JobsModal titleCloseFind Jobs59 jobs found in BirminghamWeb Developer Traineeship - No Experience RequiredIT Career Switch Birmingham, StaffordshireAre you looking to kick-start a new career as a web developer? We are recruiting for companies who are looking to employ our Coding Traineeship graduates to keep up with their growth. The best part is you will not need any previous experience as full training will be provided. You will also have the reassurance of a job guarantee (20K-£30K) within 20 miles of your location upon completion. Whether you are working full time, part-time or unemployed, this package has the flexibility to be completed at a pace that suits you. The traineeship is completed in 4 easy steps, you can be placed into your first role in as little as 3-6 months: Step 1 - Front End Coding Complete a selection of professional and industry-recognised coding courses covering HTML, CSS and Javascript. The training is delivered via multimedia rich video tutorials, presentations and quizzes, accessed through a portal that you can study on from home. You can log into the portal at any time, meaning this can be completed around any full-time job. Step 2 - Back End Coding + Practical Projects You will be studying all the relevant back end coding languages and gaining skills that will qualify you as a fully-fledged web developer. Step 2 is heavily focused on the practical element of learning. With our Traineeship, you will be practising the skills as you learn them, through our inbuilt labs. You will also be completing projects throughout the course which will be perfect to include in your portfolio to showcase your new skills. Step 3 - Official Microsoft Exam You will be prepared to go and sit the official Microsoft 70-480 exam - Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3. Our Student Care team will arrange for you to take the exam at your local Pearson Vue testing centre. Step 4 - Building your portfolio The final step will be to build your own portfolio website. The portfolio plays a key part in the hiring process as it gives the employer a real insight into your level of ability, creativity and personality. The portfolio is like a practical extension of your CV as it demonstrates your programming skills and project work for employers to see. Your Web Developer Role Once you have completed all of the mandatory training, which includes the online courses, practical projects and building your own portfolio, we will place you into a Web Development/Software Development role, where you will be guaranteed a starting salary of £20K-£30K. We have partnered with a number of large organisations strategically located throughout the UK, providing a nationwide reach of jobs for our candidates. At a one off cost of £1195, or 8 monthly payments of £174.50, this represents a great opportunity to start a rewarding career in IT and have a real career ladder to start climbing. If you are not offered a role at the end of the training we will refund 100% of your course fees. Read through the information? Passionate about starting a career in coding? Apply now and one of our friendly advisors will be in touch. Keywords: Coding, programming, web developer, software developer, app developer, Trainee, PHP, HTML, SQL, CSS3, Java, Javascript, Python, C# Application questions Do you understand this opportunity leads onto an guaranteed Web developer role or your money back? Are you willing to pay 8 x £174 monthly for the training with a guaranteed developer role £20K-£30K?Oct 22, 2020Full timeAre you looking to kick-start a new career as a web developer? We are recruiting for companies who are looking to employ our Coding Traineeship graduates to keep up with their growth. The best part is you will not need any previous experience as full training will be provided. You will also have the reassurance of a job guarantee (20K-£30K) within 20 miles of your location upon completion. Whether you are working full time, part-time or unemployed, this package has the flexibility to be completed at a pace that suits you. The traineeship is completed in 4 easy steps, you can be placed into your first role in as little as 3-6 months: Step 1 - Front End Coding Complete a selection of professional and industry-recognised coding courses covering HTML, CSS and Javascript. The training is delivered via multimedia rich video tutorials, presentations and quizzes, accessed through a portal that you can study on from home. You can log into the portal at any time, meaning this can be completed around any full-time job. Step 2 - Back End Coding + Practical Projects You will be studying all the relevant back end coding languages and gaining skills that will qualify you as a fully-fledged web developer. Step 2 is heavily focused on the practical element of learning. With our Traineeship, you will be practising the skills as you learn them, through our inbuilt labs. You will also be completing projects throughout the course which will be perfect to include in your portfolio to showcase your new skills. Step 3 - Official Microsoft Exam You will be prepared to go and sit the official Microsoft 70-480 exam - Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3. Our Student Care team will arrange for you to take the exam at your local Pearson Vue testing centre. Step 4 - Building your portfolio The final step will be to build your own portfolio website. The portfolio plays a key part in the hiring process as it gives the employer a real insight into your level of ability, creativity and personality. The portfolio is like a practical extension of your CV as it demonstrates your programming skills and project work for employers to see. Your Web Developer Role Once you have completed all of the mandatory training, which includes the online courses, practical projects and building your own portfolio, we will place you into a Web Development/Software Development role, where you will be guaranteed a starting salary of £20K-£30K. We have partnered with a number of large organisations strategically located throughout the UK, providing a nationwide reach of jobs for our candidates. At a one off cost of £1195, or 8 monthly payments of £174.50, this represents a great opportunity to start a rewarding career in IT and have a real career ladder to start climbing. If you are not offered a role at the end of the training we will refund 100% of your course fees. Read through the information? Passionate about starting a career in coding? Apply now and one of our friendly advisors will be in touch. Keywords: Coding, programming, web developer, software developer, app developer, Trainee, PHP, HTML, SQL, CSS3, Java, Javascript, Python, C# Application questions Do you understand this opportunity leads onto an guaranteed Web developer role or your money back? Are you willing to pay 8 x £174 monthly for the training with a guaranteed developer role £20K-£30K?VNA DriverCV-Library BirminghamIf you are an experienced driver of VNA trucks, apply today and earn up to £12.82 per hour as a VNA driver for a busy manufacturer of garden products. Staffline is recruiting for VNA Drivers to work in Birmingham. The hours of work are: Monday to Friday Rotating - 6am to 2pm and 2pm to 10pm OR Monday to Friday Nights 10pm to 6am. The rate of pay is: £9.86 per hour for day shifts £12.82 per hour for night shifts An overtime pay rate is applicable after working 39 hours. Your time at work As a VNA Driver for this site, you will move palletised stock using a VNA truck as well as completing other general warehouse duties as requested. Our perfect worker Our ideal VNA Driver holds a valid VNA licence and ideally, will have at least 6 months VNA driving experience. You should be punctual, reliable and hardworking. A certain level of physical fitness is desired, as you will be working in a fast-paced warehouse environment. Previous experience within a similar role is required. Key information & benefits -Earn £9.86 to £12.82 p/h -Shifts: fixed 10pm-6am or rotating 6am-2pm and 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Subsidised canteen -Canteen on site -Free car parking -Car parking on site -Good links to public transport -Full training provided -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineMay 06, 2020If you are an experienced driver of VNA trucks, apply today and earn up to £12.82 per hour as a VNA driver for a busy manufacturer of garden products. Staffline is recruiting for VNA Drivers to work in Birmingham. The hours of work are: Monday to Friday Rotating - 6am to 2pm and 2pm to 10pm OR Monday to Friday Nights 10pm to 6am. The rate of pay is: £9.86 per hour for day shifts £12.82 per hour for night shifts An overtime pay rate is applicable after working 39 hours. Your time at work As a VNA Driver for this site, you will move palletised stock using a VNA truck as well as completing other general warehouse duties as requested. Our perfect worker Our ideal VNA Driver holds a valid VNA licence and ideally, will have at least 6 months VNA driving experience. You should be punctual, reliable and hardworking. A certain level of physical fitness is desired, as you will be working in a fast-paced warehouse environment. Previous experience within a similar role is required. Key information & benefits -Earn £9.86 to £12.82 p/h -Shifts: fixed 10pm-6am or rotating 6am-2pm and 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Subsidised canteen -Canteen on site -Free car parking -Car parking on site -Good links to public transport -Full training provided -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineWarehouse OperativeCV-Library BirminghamNo experience is needed to work as a Warehouse Operative for our client's busy site, manufacturing hosepipes. Staffline is recruiting for Warehouse Operatives to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay is £8.72 per hour. You will work fixed shifts. The hours of work are: 6am to 2pm 2pm to 10pm Your time at work As a Warehouse Operative at this site, your duties will include: Picking and packing garden products from an order sheet in a busy warehouse environment Preparing orders for dispatch Loading and unloading containers This is a physically active role and involves lifting. Our perfect worker Our ideal Warehouse Operative is committed with a strong work ethic as well as flexiblity in their approach to work. A certain level of physical fitness is needed as this is a physically active role which involves lifting. No previous experience is necessary as full training is provided. Key information & benefits -Earn £8.72 p/h -Shifts: 6am-2pm or 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Free car parking -Car parking on site -Full training provided -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineMay 06, 2020No experience is needed to work as a Warehouse Operative for our client's busy site, manufacturing hosepipes. Staffline is recruiting for Warehouse Operatives to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay is £8.72 per hour. You will work fixed shifts. The hours of work are: 6am to 2pm 2pm to 10pm Your time at work As a Warehouse Operative at this site, your duties will include: Picking and packing garden products from an order sheet in a busy warehouse environment Preparing orders for dispatch Loading and unloading containers This is a physically active role and involves lifting. Our perfect worker Our ideal Warehouse Operative is committed with a strong work ethic as well as flexiblity in their approach to work. A certain level of physical fitness is needed as this is a physically active role which involves lifting. No previous experience is necessary as full training is provided. Key information & benefits -Earn £8.72 p/h -Shifts: 6am-2pm or 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Free car parking -Car parking on site -Full training provided -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineWarehouse OperativeCV-Library BirminghamNo experience is needed to work as a Warehouse Operative for our client's busy parcel distribution site. Staffline is recruiting for Warehouse Operatives to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay is from £8.72 per hour. There are both full and part time roles available. Various start times are available from 9am onwards. Your time at work As a Warehouse Operative at this site you will work in a very fast-paced environment, scanning and organising parcels on to the correct belts, to then be distributed to other depots. Our perfect worker Our ideal Warehouse Operative shows great attention to detail and can work under pressure in a fast-paced role. No previous experience is necessary as full training is provided. Key information & benefits -Earn £8.72 p/h -Shifts: varying start times from 9am -Full training provided -Career progression opportunities About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineMay 06, 2020No experience is needed to work as a Warehouse Operative for our client's busy parcel distribution site. Staffline is recruiting for Warehouse Operatives to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay is from £8.72 per hour. There are both full and part time roles available. Various start times are available from 9am onwards. Your time at work As a Warehouse Operative at this site you will work in a very fast-paced environment, scanning and organising parcels on to the correct belts, to then be distributed to other depots. Our perfect worker Our ideal Warehouse Operative shows great attention to detail and can work under pressure in a fast-paced role. No previous experience is necessary as full training is provided. Key information & benefits -Earn £8.72 p/h -Shifts: varying start times from 9am -Full training provided -Career progression opportunities About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineReach Forklift Truck DriverCV-Library BirminghamIf you have a reach forklift truck licence, apply for this role today. You'll work fixed hours in Birmingham for £9.30 per hour. Staffline is recruiting for a Reach Forklift Truck Driver to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay is £9.30 per hour and you'll work fixed hours. The shifts available are: 6am to 2pm 2pm to 10pm Your time at work As a Reach Forklift Truck Driver, you will operate a reach forklift truck in a busy warehouse environment, moving items around the site. When you're not in the driver's seat you'll be picking items for orders and moving palletised stock. In an average shift you may also: Conduct general warehouse duties Load and unload items Move stock around the warehouse Work outside doing yard duties Keep areas tidy and safe Monitor stock and log all movements Our perfect worker Our ideal worker will hold a valid Reach Forklift Truck Driver's licence and can move items safely and quickly. You'll have at least 6 month experience working in a similar role. Key information & benefits -Earn £9.30 p/h -Shifts: 6am-2pm or 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Subsidised canteen -Canteen on site -Free car parking -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineMay 06, 2020If you have a reach forklift truck licence, apply for this role today. You'll work fixed hours in Birmingham for £9.30 per hour. Staffline is recruiting for a Reach Forklift Truck Driver to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay is £9.30 per hour and you'll work fixed hours. The shifts available are: 6am to 2pm 2pm to 10pm Your time at work As a Reach Forklift Truck Driver, you will operate a reach forklift truck in a busy warehouse environment, moving items around the site. When you're not in the driver's seat you'll be picking items for orders and moving palletised stock. In an average shift you may also: Conduct general warehouse duties Load and unload items Move stock around the warehouse Work outside doing yard duties Keep areas tidy and safe Monitor stock and log all movements Our perfect worker Our ideal worker will hold a valid Reach Forklift Truck Driver's licence and can move items safely and quickly. You'll have at least 6 month experience working in a similar role. Key information & benefits -Earn £9.30 p/h -Shifts: 6am-2pm or 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Subsidised canteen -Canteen on site -Free car parking -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineWarehouse & Logistics ManagerCV-Library BirminghamSF Recruitment are currently working with a growing dynamic business based in Birmingham. They are looking for a talented Warehouse & Logistics Manager to join the team. Responsibilities: Maintaining the smooth operation of a fast moving environment. Responsible for the day to day management of people within the warehouse function, to ensure company's targets and objectives are met to meet customer requirements, ensuring that staff comply with health, safety and standard operating procedures. Responsible for housekeeping standards and continuous improvement within the warehouse. Plan, co-ordinate and monitor stock limits and management of storage and dispatch of goods and ensure accurate stock management. Calculate and develop KPIs in line with Company annual Budget. Ensure task management of the group to guarantee no mislabel or short shipment to any external customers. Ensure orders are processed efficiently and that the delivery of materials meets customers' timescales/requirements. Awareness of any schedules and takes necessary initiatives in order to achieve goals. Organise, facilitate and manage stock takes at regular intervals Ensure that all relevant procedures and processes are followed and adhered to in line with the Company's procedures and requirements Deliver the product to the customer on time, every time using appropriate methods Supervise and control goods in, goods out operations to ensure accuracy with minimum handling and stock damage. Experience Required: Worked at a Warehouse Manager / Supervisor level previously Able to showcase improvements made High attention to detailMay 06, 2020PermanentSF Recruitment are currently working with a growing dynamic business based in Birmingham. They are looking for a talented Warehouse & Logistics Manager to join the team. Responsibilities: Maintaining the smooth operation of a fast moving environment. Responsible for the day to day management of people within the warehouse function, to ensure company's targets and objectives are met to meet customer requirements, ensuring that staff comply with health, safety and standard operating procedures. Responsible for housekeeping standards and continuous improvement within the warehouse. Plan, co-ordinate and monitor stock limits and management of storage and dispatch of goods and ensure accurate stock management. Calculate and develop KPIs in line with Company annual Budget. Ensure task management of the group to guarantee no mislabel or short shipment to any external customers. Ensure orders are processed efficiently and that the delivery of materials meets customers' timescales/requirements. Awareness of any schedules and takes necessary initiatives in order to achieve goals. Organise, facilitate and manage stock takes at regular intervals Ensure that all relevant procedures and processes are followed and adhered to in line with the Company's procedures and requirements Deliver the product to the customer on time, every time using appropriate methods Supervise and control goods in, goods out operations to ensure accuracy with minimum handling and stock damage. Experience Required: Worked at a Warehouse Manager / Supervisor level previously Able to showcase improvements made High attention to detailExport CoordinatorCV-Library BirminghamSF Group are currently recruiting for an Export Coordinator for a global commodity business based in Birmingham. Job Purpose: The role will involve freight forwarding and bulk shipping administrative work to ensure that all orders are processed efficiently for their client's international customer base and that all relevant paperwork and documentation is completed. Responsibilities: - Customer communication to advise of delivery dates - Liaising with logistics and transport departments - Compiling all required export documentation - Handling incoming customer enquiries - Checking and processing letters of credit - Processing technical and sales orders via a CRM system Experience: - Previous experience in an export / shipping / freight or transport environment - Customs experience - Experience in communicating with customers - Strong Microsoft Office skillsMay 06, 2020PermanentSF Group are currently recruiting for an Export Coordinator for a global commodity business based in Birmingham. Job Purpose: The role will involve freight forwarding and bulk shipping administrative work to ensure that all orders are processed efficiently for their client's international customer base and that all relevant paperwork and documentation is completed. Responsibilities: - Customer communication to advise of delivery dates - Liaising with logistics and transport departments - Compiling all required export documentation - Handling incoming customer enquiries - Checking and processing letters of credit - Processing technical and sales orders via a CRM system Experience: - Previous experience in an export / shipping / freight or transport environment - Customs experience - Experience in communicating with customers - Strong Microsoft Office skillsTrainee Warehouse Production OperativeCV-Library BirminghamGlobal paper recycling and packaging manufacturer, with around 47,000 employees and over 370 production sites across 34 countries. The Company has a long standing focus on high and very consistent product quality and excellent service. Applicants must have evidence of 5 GCSE's A-C (or equivalent) to include Maths and English and can drive a Fork Lift Due to expansion, we are looking to recruit a Paper Mill Production Trainee at their Birmingham site, who will be committed to learning their operational processes with a view to becoming a fully trained Mill Production Operative. This is an excellent career path opportunity. Candidates may be required to do a 5 minute presentation, as part of the interview process, if selected. Salary - £20K whilst on days, increasing substantially when moving on to shifts. Requirements: Candidates must be keen to undergo comprehensive training. Experience gained in a continuous process / yard or warehouse is desirable. Production experience gained from manufacturing / production / machining desirable. Forklift driving experience. Used to working in an Industrial working environment. Qualifications: 5 GCSE’s (or equivalent) Grades A-C including English and Maths which must be presented at interview. A current FLT license is desirable. Personal Attributes: Self motivated Good communication skills Ability to work well within a team Flexibility Hours of Work: During training, hours of work will be 8.00am to 4.30pm Monday to Friday with 30 minutes for lunch. After training period you will need to be prepared to work 12 hour shifts (days and nights) with an increase in salary to reflect this. Overtime is payable at time and a half. Full training and a Group personal contributory pension plan available. Only candidates with the best match of skills and experience will be invited to interviewMay 06, 2020PermanentGlobal paper recycling and packaging manufacturer, with around 47,000 employees and over 370 production sites across 34 countries. The Company has a long standing focus on high and very consistent product quality and excellent service. Applicants must have evidence of 5 GCSE's A-C (or equivalent) to include Maths and English and can drive a Fork Lift Due to expansion, we are looking to recruit a Paper Mill Production Trainee at their Birmingham site, who will be committed to learning their operational processes with a view to becoming a fully trained Mill Production Operative. This is an excellent career path opportunity. Candidates may be required to do a 5 minute presentation, as part of the interview process, if selected. Salary - £20K whilst on days, increasing substantially when moving on to shifts. Requirements: Candidates must be keen to undergo comprehensive training. Experience gained in a continuous process / yard or warehouse is desirable. Production experience gained from manufacturing / production / machining desirable. Forklift driving experience. Used to working in an Industrial working environment. Qualifications: 5 GCSE’s (or equivalent) Grades A-C including English and Maths which must be presented at interview. A current FLT license is desirable. Personal Attributes: Self motivated Good communication skills Ability to work well within a team Flexibility Hours of Work: During training, hours of work will be 8.00am to 4.30pm Monday to Friday with 30 minutes for lunch. After training period you will need to be prepared to work 12 hour shifts (days and nights) with an increase in salary to reflect this. Overtime is payable at time and a half. Full training and a Group personal contributory pension plan available. Only candidates with the best match of skills and experience will be invited to interviewReach Forklift Truck DriverCV-Library BirminghamIf you hold a valid Reach Forklift Truck licence, apply today and work as a Reach Forklift Truck Driver for our client’s busy site, manufacturing hosepipes. Staffline is recruiting for a Reach Forklift Truck Driver to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay £9.30 per hour. You will work rotating shifts. The hours of work are: 6am to 2pm 2pm to 10pm Your time at work As a Reach Forklift Truck Driver for this site your duties will include: • Picking and packing products • Lifting palletized stock with a Reach Forklift Truck • Monitor stock and log all movements Our perfect worker Our ideal Reach Forklift Truck Driver must have a valid Reach Forklift Truck licence. You should be a hardworking and committed team player. You must have at least 6 months experience of operating a Reah Forklift Truck. Key information & benefits -Earn £9.30 p/h -Shifts: rotating - 6am-2pm and 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Subsidised canteen -Canteen on site -Free car parking on site -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineMay 06, 2020If you hold a valid Reach Forklift Truck licence, apply today and work as a Reach Forklift Truck Driver for our client’s busy site, manufacturing hosepipes. Staffline is recruiting for a Reach Forklift Truck Driver to work in Birmingham. The rate of pay £9.30 per hour. You will work rotating shifts. The hours of work are: 6am to 2pm 2pm to 10pm Your time at work As a Reach Forklift Truck Driver for this site your duties will include: • Picking and packing products • Lifting palletized stock with a Reach Forklift Truck • Monitor stock and log all movements Our perfect worker Our ideal Reach Forklift Truck Driver must have a valid Reach Forklift Truck licence. You should be a hardworking and committed team player. You must have at least 6 months experience of operating a Reah Forklift Truck. Key information & benefits -Earn £9.30 p/h -Shifts: rotating - 6am-2pm and 2pm-10pm -OnSite support from Staffline -Subsidised canteen -Canteen on site -Free car parking on site -Opportunities for overtime About Staffline Staffline is the biggest recruiter in the UK and Ireland, and we believe in putting people first. Every day, we help up to 60,000 people find work in logistics, food, transport, retail, and agriculture. We can do the same for you. We listen to the needs of our workers and always aim to offer flexible shift work and opportunities for overtime, as we know these are important to you. Each of our locations has dedicated 24-hour OnSite support, so you can always speak to a Staffline representative. Staffline is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Please note that our job adverts are correct at the time of publication, but some details and job responsibilities are subject to change. This job advert may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, by third-party websites, without prior written consent from StafflineRegional HR Officer - FTCHays Birmingham, StaffordshireYour new company You will be working for a large national charity who really put people at the centre of everything they do. Your new role Working as a true generalist HR Officer, you will be supporting the Midlands region, guiding line managers and supporting employees. With a ER focus to the role, you will be assisting line managers with any disciplinary, grievance and performance issues. Alongside this you will support on talent management, learning and development and staff engagement. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for an experienced HR generalist, who has a real passion for employee relations. As this is a regional role you will need to drive and have access to a vehicle. This is a 5 month fixed term contract, so candidates should be free on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukApr 01, 2020Full timeYour new company You will be working for a large national charity who really put people at the centre of everything they do. Your new role Working as a true generalist HR Officer, you will be supporting the Midlands region, guiding line managers and supporting employees. With a ER focus to the role, you will be assisting line managers with any disciplinary, grievance and performance issues. Alongside this you will support on talent management, learning and development and staff engagement. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for an experienced HR generalist, who has a real passion for employee relations. As this is a regional role you will need to drive and have access to a vehicle. This is a 5 month fixed term contract, so candidates should be free on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukRegional HR Officer - FTCHays Birmingham, StaffordshireYour new company You will be working for a large national charity who really put people at the centre of everything they do. Your new role Working as a true generalist HR Officer, you will be supporting the Midlands region, guiding line managers and supporting employees. With a ER focus to the role, you will be assisting line managers with any disciplinary, grievance and performance issues. Alongside this you will support on talent management, learning and development and staff engagement. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for an experienced HR generalist, who has a real passion for employee relations. As this is a regional role you will need to drive and have access to a vehicle. This is a 5 month fixed term contract, so candidates should be free on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukMar 25, 2020Full timeYour new company You will be working for a large national charity who really put people at the centre of everything they do. Your new role Working as a true generalist HR Officer, you will be supporting the Midlands region, guiding line managers and supporting employees. With a ER focus to the role, you will be assisting line managers with any disciplinary, grievance and performance issues. Alongside this you will support on talent management, learning and development and staff engagement. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for an experienced HR generalist, who has a real passion for employee relations. As this is a regional role you will need to drive and have access to a vehicle. This is a 5 month fixed term contract, so candidates should be free on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukBUSINESS TRAVEL CONSULTANTProgressive Travel Recruitment Birmingham, StaffordshireBUSINESS TRAVEL CONSULTANT TRAVEL MANAGEMENT BIRMINGHAM, COMPETITIVE BASIC SALARY THE JOB As an experienced Business Travel Consultant, with great Galileo GDS skills, you will need an understanding of fares and ticketing and be able to source the best options for clients. You will provide travel services to all existing clients as well as be instrumental in the implementation of new business. THE COMPANY The client is an industry-leading and a well-known TMC, with offices around the UK. WHAT EXPERIENCE DO I NEED? *Business travel experience essential *Knowledge of Galileo GDS systems *Good understanding of back-office admin *A positive and adaptable attitude WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME? You'll enjoy a very competitive basic salary and great benefits. Lee Van Staden is recruiting for this Business Travel Consultant, based near Birmingham. Click to apply.Mar 15, 2020Full timeBUSINESS TRAVEL CONSULTANT TRAVEL MANAGEMENT BIRMINGHAM, COMPETITIVE BASIC SALARY THE JOB As an experienced Business Travel Consultant, with great Galileo GDS skills, you will need an understanding of fares and ticketing and be able to source the best options for clients. You will provide travel services to all existing clients as well as be instrumental in the implementation of new business. THE COMPANY The client is an industry-leading and a well-known TMC, with offices around the UK. WHAT EXPERIENCE DO I NEED? *Business travel experience essential *Knowledge of Galileo GDS systems *Good understanding of back-office admin *A positive and adaptable attitude WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME? You'll enjoy a very competitive basic salary and great benefits. Lee Van Staden is recruiting for this Business Travel Consultant, based near Birmingham. Click to apply.HR Business PartnerWright Solutions Birmingham, StaffordshireThis is a challenging and varied role to join a successful West Midlands organisation as an operationally focused HR Business Partner. You will be working in partnership with the other HR Business Partners in a small and effective HR team, supporting operational staff at all levels and handling a wide range of HR/ER issues. You will have responsibility for the following. * Building strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, taking ownership of all HR issues in your business areas. * Supporting line managers at all levels with a wide range of HR/ER issues. * Proactively improving management capabilities through support on day to day HR procedures as well as proactive coaching. * Managing a varied ER caseload within a fast paced and commercial business * Managing change processes in your areas including TUPE and Redundancy. * Working collaboratively with the wider HR team to deliver HR solutions that drive effectiveness and performance across the organisation. As one of the lead operational HR professionals you will be ideally placed to understand the mood of the business and will have the ability to flag up issues and suggest solutions to Recruitment, Talent & Development and Rewards initiatives. You will need to liaise closely with managers in order to understand their needs and support them fully from an HR perspective. The successful candidate will have * The ability and apetite to drive continuous improvement in your business areas * Proven experience of managing a varied Employee Relations case load * Strong communication skills, with ability to build relationships at all levels, and with proven influencing skills * CIPD qualifications, Level 5 as a minimum. This is an organisation with strong social values. Joining them as HR Business Partner will give you an exciting opportunity to make a real difference to an organisation that makes a positive impact on society. Salary: £36-39,000 plus benefits We would be keen to receive CVs however, if you require further information on the role call Jon or Diana at Wright Solutions on (Please quote ref BBBH141) Learn how Wright Solutions can help you build a better workplace with online courses on Diversity, Inclusion, leadership and teamwork. Click Here In compliance with the regulations (April 2004) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, Wright Solutions will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable. Please remember you can now keep up to date with all our vacancies by following us on or Facebook.com/WrightSolutionsHRJan 18, 2020Full timeThis is a challenging and varied role to join a successful West Midlands organisation as an operationally focused HR Business Partner. You will be working in partnership with the other HR Business Partners in a small and effective HR team, supporting operational staff at all levels and handling a wide range of HR/ER issues. You will have responsibility for the following. * Building strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, taking ownership of all HR issues in your business areas. * Supporting line managers at all levels with a wide range of HR/ER issues. * Proactively improving management capabilities through support on day to day HR procedures as well as proactive coaching. * Managing a varied ER caseload within a fast paced and commercial business * Managing change processes in your areas including TUPE and Redundancy. * Working collaboratively with the wider HR team to deliver HR solutions that drive effectiveness and performance across the organisation. As one of the lead operational HR professionals you will be ideally placed to understand the mood of the business and will have the ability to flag up issues and suggest solutions to Recruitment, Talent & Development and Rewards initiatives. You will need to liaise closely with managers in order to understand their needs and support them fully from an HR perspective. The successful candidate will have * The ability and apetite to drive continuous improvement in your business areas * Proven experience of managing a varied Employee Relations case load * Strong communication skills, with ability to build relationships at all levels, and with proven influencing skills * CIPD qualifications, Level 5 as a minimum. This is an organisation with strong social values. Joining them as HR Business Partner will give you an exciting opportunity to make a real difference to an organisation that makes a positive impact on society. Salary: £36-39,000 plus benefits We would be keen to receive CVs however, if you require further information on the role call Jon or Diana at Wright Solutions on (Please quote ref BBBH141) Learn how Wright Solutions can help you build a better workplace with online courses on Diversity, Inclusion, leadership and teamwork. Click Here In compliance with the regulations (April 2004) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, Wright Solutions will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable. Please remember you can now keep up to date with all our vacancies by following us on or Facebook.com/WrightSolutionsHRPlanner and Senior Planner (Birmingham)Beach Baker Property Recruitment Birmingham, StaffordshireA fantastic opportunity exists for chartered town planners in Birmingham. A market leading firm are expanding their planning team and are looking for a planner and a Senior Planner to join them, based in their city centre office. This firm are offering an incredible variety of work ranging from city centre regeneration and commercial/mixed-use schemes as well as residential/strategic sites, education and industrial/logistics work. They also have robust framework agreements with the likes of Homes England, MoD and various universities that give an interesting and varied workload. Projects range in scale but include a lot of large scale schemes so you will have excellent exposure to really nice sites and clients as well as giving you the CPD and support you need to progress quickly. We are looking for MRTPI qualified planners operating at Planner or Senior Planner level. We are looking for two people around this level. You will ideally have some consultancy experience but local authority backgrounds from the Midlands region will also be considered. The roles offer both development management led work and more policy/evidence based work so again good variety, we would be looking for experience in both areas ideally. The team are very sociable and active in the industry networking circles, it is a fun place to work as well as rewarding and an excellent name for your CV. They are also great with flexible and agile working, being one of the first bigger names to provide this as standard. These are ideally full-time positions but we would consider a reduced week for the right candidates. You will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package including benefits such as car/allowance, private health care, life assurance, enhanced pension plus a strong bonus scheme. To confidentially apply for this role please contact Ruth Hoggett (). By clicking apply, please be assured that your CV will not be sent to the client until you have been fully briefed on the role and given permission for us to do so. We will confidentially retain your details and inform you of any other suitable opportunities arising should you not be successful in this role.Jan 08, 2020Full timeA fantastic opportunity exists for chartered town planners in Birmingham. A market leading firm are expanding their planning team and are looking for a planner and a Senior Planner to join them, based in their city centre office. This firm are offering an incredible variety of work ranging from city centre regeneration and commercial/mixed-use schemes as well as residential/strategic sites, education and industrial/logistics work. They also have robust framework agreements with the likes of Homes England, MoD and various universities that give an interesting and varied workload. Projects range in scale but include a lot of large scale schemes so you will have excellent exposure to really nice sites and clients as well as giving you the CPD and support you need to progress quickly. We are looking for MRTPI qualified planners operating at Planner or Senior Planner level. We are looking for two people around this level. You will ideally have some consultancy experience but local authority backgrounds from the Midlands region will also be considered. The roles offer both development management led work and more policy/evidence based work so again good variety, we would be looking for experience in both areas ideally. The team are very sociable and active in the industry networking circles, it is a fun place to work as well as rewarding and an excellent name for your CV. They are also great with flexible and agile working, being one of the first bigger names to provide this as standard. These are ideally full-time positions but we would consider a reduced week for the right candidates. You will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package including benefits such as car/allowance, private health care, life assurance, enhanced pension plus a strong bonus scheme. To confidentially apply for this role please contact Ruth Hoggett (). By clicking apply, please be assured that your CV will not be sent to the client until you have been fully briefed on the role and given permission for us to do so. We will confidentially retain your details and inform you of any other suitable opportunities arising should you not be successful in this role.Principal and Associate Planner (Birmingham)Beach Baker Property Recruitment Birmingham, StaffordshireAre you a chartered town planner in Birmingham looking for a rewarding role with plenty of variety, large scale projects and flexible working as standard? A market leading firm are expanding their planning team and are looking for a Principal planner and an Associate to join them, based in their city centre office. This firm are offering an incredible variety of work ranging from city centre regeneration and commercial/mixed-use schemes as well as residential/strategic sites, education and industrial/logistics work. They also have robust framework agreements with the likes of Homes England, MoD and various universities that give an interesting and varied workload. Projects range in scale but include a lot of large scale schemes so you will have excellent exposure to really nice sites and clients as well as giving you the CPD and support you need to progress quickly. We are looking for MRTPI qualified planners operating around the Principal or Associate level. We are looking for two people around this level. You will ideally have some consultancy experience but local authority backgrounds from the Midlands region will also be considered for the Principal role. The roles offer both development management led work and more policy/evidence based work so again good variety, we would be looking for experience in both areas ideally. At Associate level you will be able to demonstrate a good contact base and have business development as a regular part of your role. At Principal level you will be establishing your contact base and doing some business development activities. Both levels should be comfortable leading on medium-large scale projects. The team are very sociable and active in the industry networking circles, it is a fun place to work as well as rewarding and an excellent name for your CV. They are also great with flexible and agile working, being one of the first bigger names to provide this as standard. These are ideally full-time positions but we would consider a reduced week for the right candidates. You will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package including benefits such as car/allowance, private health care, life assurance, enhanced pension plus a strong bonus scheme. To confidentially apply for this role please contact Ruth Hoggett (). By clicking apply, please be assured that your CV will not be sent to the client until you have been fully briefed on the role and given permission for us to do so. We will confidentially retain your details and inform you of any other suitable opportunities arising should you not be successful in this role.Jan 08, 2020Full timeAre you a chartered town planner in Birmingham looking for a rewarding role with plenty of variety, large scale projects and flexible working as standard? A market leading firm are expanding their planning team and are looking for a Principal planner and an Associate to join them, based in their city centre office. This firm are offering an incredible variety of work ranging from city centre regeneration and commercial/mixed-use schemes as well as residential/strategic sites, education and industrial/logistics work. They also have robust framework agreements with the likes of Homes England, MoD and various universities that give an interesting and varied workload. Projects range in scale but include a lot of large scale schemes so you will have excellent exposure to really nice sites and clients as well as giving you the CPD and support you need to progress quickly. We are looking for MRTPI qualified planners operating around the Principal or Associate level. We are looking for two people around this level. You will ideally have some consultancy experience but local authority backgrounds from the Midlands region will also be considered for the Principal role. The roles offer both development management led work and more policy/evidence based work so again good variety, we would be looking for experience in both areas ideally. At Associate level you will be able to demonstrate a good contact base and have business development as a regular part of your role. At Principal level you will be establishing your contact base and doing some business development activities. Both levels should be comfortable leading on medium-large scale projects. The team are very sociable and active in the industry networking circles, it is a fun place to work as well as rewarding and an excellent name for your CV. They are also great with flexible and agile working, being one of the first bigger names to provide this as standard. These are ideally full-time positions but we would consider a reduced week for the right candidates. You will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package including benefits such as car/allowance, private health care, life assurance, enhanced pension plus a strong bonus scheme. To confidentially apply for this role please contact Ruth Hoggett (). By clicking apply, please be assured that your CV will not be sent to the client until you have been fully briefed on the role and given permission for us to do so. We will confidentially retain your details and inform you of any other suitable opportunities arising should you not be successful in this role.Senior HR AdvisorHays Birmingham, StaffordshireOngoing temporary post based in Birmingham, just 15 minutes walk from New Street Station, you will be working as part of a large HR function as a ER / HR Advisor / Senior Advisor Your new role You will be supporting both line managers and employees with a range of ER case work. This will include disciplinary, grievance and performance management and you will be coaching line managers through the process both over the phone and in person. You will also deal with a number of other employee events such as TUPE, restructure and redundancy. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for experienced HR Advisors and Senior HR Advisors that have a real passion for ER and casework. A temporary booking with an immediate start, candidates should be available on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukJan 08, 2020Full timeOngoing temporary post based in Birmingham, just 15 minutes walk from New Street Station, you will be working as part of a large HR function as a ER / HR Advisor / Senior Advisor Your new role You will be supporting both line managers and employees with a range of ER case work. This will include disciplinary, grievance and performance management and you will be coaching line managers through the process both over the phone and in person. You will also deal with a number of other employee events such as TUPE, restructure and redundancy. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for experienced HR Advisors and Senior HR Advisors that have a real passion for ER and casework. A temporary booking with an immediate start, candidates should be available on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukHR Business PartnerWright Solutions Birmingham, StaffordshireThis is a challenging and varied role to join a successful West Midlands organisation as an operationally focused HR Business Partner. You will be working in partnership with the other HR Business Partners in a small and effective HR team, supporting operational staff at all levels and handling a wide range of HR/ER issues. You will have responsibility for the following. * Building strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, taking ownership of all HR issues in your business areas. * Supporting line managers at all levels with a wide range of HR/ER issues. * Proactively improving management capabilities through support on day to day HR procedures as well as proactive coaching. * Managing a varied ER caseload within a fast paced and commercial business * Managing change processes in your areas including TUPE and Redundancy. * Working collaboratively with the wider HR team to deliver HR solutions that drive effectiveness and performance across the organisation. As one of the lead operational HR professionals you will be ideally placed to understand the mood of the business and will have the ability to flag up issues and suggest solutions to Recruitment, Talent & Development and Rewards initiatives. You will need to liaise closely with managers in order to understand their needs and support them fully from an HR perspective. The successful candidate will have * The ability and apetite to drive continuous improvement in your business areas * Proven experience of managing a varied Employee Relations case load * Strong communication skills, with ability to build relationships at all levels, and with proven influencing skills * CIPD qualifications, Level 5 as a minimum. This is an organisation with strong social values. Joining them as HR Business Partner will give you an exciting opportunity to make a real difference to an organisation that makes a positive impact on society. Salary: £36-39,000 plus benefits We would be keen to receive CVs however, if you require further information on the role call Jon or Diana at Wright Solutions on (Please quote ref BBBH141) Learn how Wright Solutions can help you build a better workplace with online courses on Diversity, Inclusion, leadership and teamwork. Click Here In compliance with the regulations (April 2004) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, Wright Solutions will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable. Please remember you can now keep up to date with all our vacancies by following us on or Facebook.com/WrightSolutionsHRJan 08, 2020Full timeThis is a challenging and varied role to join a successful West Midlands organisation as an operationally focused HR Business Partner. You will be working in partnership with the other HR Business Partners in a small and effective HR team, supporting operational staff at all levels and handling a wide range of HR/ER issues. You will have responsibility for the following. * Building strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, taking ownership of all HR issues in your business areas. * Supporting line managers at all levels with a wide range of HR/ER issues. * Proactively improving management capabilities through support on day to day HR procedures as well as proactive coaching. * Managing a varied ER caseload within a fast paced and commercial business * Managing change processes in your areas including TUPE and Redundancy. * Working collaboratively with the wider HR team to deliver HR solutions that drive effectiveness and performance across the organisation. As one of the lead operational HR professionals you will be ideally placed to understand the mood of the business and will have the ability to flag up issues and suggest solutions to Recruitment, Talent & Development and Rewards initiatives. You will need to liaise closely with managers in order to understand their needs and support them fully from an HR perspective. The successful candidate will have * The ability and apetite to drive continuous improvement in your business areas * Proven experience of managing a varied Employee Relations case load * Strong communication skills, with ability to build relationships at all levels, and with proven influencing skills * CIPD qualifications, Level 5 as a minimum. This is an organisation with strong social values. Joining them as HR Business Partner will give you an exciting opportunity to make a real difference to an organisation that makes a positive impact on society. Salary: £36-39,000 plus benefits We would be keen to receive CVs however, if you require further information on the role call Jon or Diana at Wright Solutions on (Please quote ref BBBH141) Learn how Wright Solutions can help you build a better workplace with online courses on Diversity, Inclusion, leadership and teamwork. Click Here In compliance with the regulations (April 2004) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, Wright Solutions will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable. Please remember you can now keep up to date with all our vacancies by following us on or Facebook.com/WrightSolutionsHRInterim Payroll ConsultantGleeson Recruitment Group Birmingham, StaffordshireI am looking to speak to immediately available Payroll Consultants for a short term project in South Birmingham. Working as part of the HR team, you will assist with an outsourcing payroll project and make recommendations and deal with any queries that arise. With an extensive payroll background, you must have a proven track record of driving a payroll project. Ideally you will have worked on iTrent and Success Factors . You will have a strong analytical approach and excellent problem solving capabilities together with excellent communication skills with a real passion for delivering the very best customer service. By applying you will be registered as a candidate with Gleeson Recruitment Limited. Our Privacy Policy is available on our website and explains how we will use your data.Jan 08, 2020Full timeI am looking to speak to immediately available Payroll Consultants for a short term project in South Birmingham. Working as part of the HR team, you will assist with an outsourcing payroll project and make recommendations and deal with any queries that arise. With an extensive payroll background, you must have a proven track record of driving a payroll project. Ideally you will have worked on iTrent and Success Factors . You will have a strong analytical approach and excellent problem solving capabilities together with excellent communication skills with a real passion for delivering the very best customer service. By applying you will be registered as a candidate with Gleeson Recruitment Limited. Our Privacy Policy is available on our website and explains how we will use your data.Property Acquisition ManagerJoshua Robert Recruitment Birmingham, WorcestershireOne of the UK's most innovative and forward-looking organisations are recruiting a Property Acquisition Lead for their rapidly expanding West Midlands office in Birmingham. This unique business is at the forefront of the sizeable marketplace in which they operate globally and has a major acquisition programme underway. As the Lead Acquisition Manager, you will manage and deliver all aspects of acquisition for a significant UK-Wide programme. You will lead the acquisition team, setting objectives, reviewing performance and ensuring staff have the necessary skills and understanding to deliver the team's objectives. Alongside this, you will develop and own the strategy for the delivery of the acquisition programme and proactively build relationships with major/high profile land and property owners. It's important you are able to provide expert advice to other departments and contribute to the development of the property management business, planning and strategy development. To be considered; you will have the ability to manage suppliers and to build sustainable strategic relationships across the market. You must be able to lead negotiations, have a strong property acquisition and valuation understanding and ideally a working knowledge of the CPO process. In return, you will receive an excellent remuneration package and benefits, including flexible working and a clear progression path. Additionally, you will be part of an industry leading business that has the potential to make a huge difference. For more information, please contact Josh Powell.Jan 07, 2020Full timeOne of the UK's most innovative and forward-looking organisations are recruiting a Property Acquisition Lead for their rapidly expanding West Midlands office in Birmingham. This unique business is at the forefront of the sizeable marketplace in which they operate globally and has a major acquisition programme underway. As the Lead Acquisition Manager, you will manage and deliver all aspects of acquisition for a significant UK-Wide programme. You will lead the acquisition team, setting objectives, reviewing performance and ensuring staff have the necessary skills and understanding to deliver the team's objectives. Alongside this, you will develop and own the strategy for the delivery of the acquisition programme and proactively build relationships with major/high profile land and property owners. It's important you are able to provide expert advice to other departments and contribute to the development of the property management business, planning and strategy development. To be considered; you will have the ability to manage suppliers and to build sustainable strategic relationships across the market. You must be able to lead negotiations, have a strong property acquisition and valuation understanding and ideally a working knowledge of the CPO process. In return, you will receive an excellent remuneration package and benefits, including flexible working and a clear progression path. Additionally, you will be part of an industry leading business that has the potential to make a huge difference. For more information, please contact Josh Powell.Supply Chain CoordinatorInplace Recruitment ltd Birmingham, StaffordshireSupply Chain Coordinator Coleshill £25,000 - £30,000 dependent on experience We are recruiting for a Supply Chain Coordinator to join a leading FMCG business in the West Midlands during an exciting period of expansion and growth. The ideal candidate would be educated to A Levels, equivalent or above, have at least 3+ years' in a similar role, and be able to communicate in a professional manner to all levels within the business. Responsibilities: Responsible for the delivery of performance targets of your category Ensuring maximum availability of products in store whilst minimising shrinkage Managing Inbound Supply and working collaboratively with the Warehouse Management team Working with 3rd party logistics to ensure timely delivery of stock Working collaboratively with the buying function Taking ownership in your specific area and managing the stock holding within budget Manage ordering and replenishment for Stores and Distribution, predicting, monitoring and reacting to availability Undertake re-ordering of stock into Distribution Centres and Stores in an efficient, accurate and planned manner minimising stock holding & shrinkage whilst ensuring availability on a given range of products Manage, enhance and develop relationships with suppliers in order to achieve strategic objectives Requirements: Educated to A Levels or above 3+ years' experience in a similar role Demonstrate understanding of supply chain management Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; specifically Excel and Word Confidence and the ability to communicate effectively with colleagues of all levels is key Ability to manage a varied workload, conflicting deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously Knowledge of Supply Chain systems (Demand Planning systems/TMS/WMS/Portals etc.) A desire for continued personal development At Inplace Recruitment we believe it is people that make the business succeed, the right people, expertly placed in the correct positions. We offer a thorough, professional service that is evidenced by our placement success rate. If you consider yourself to be experienced in any of the following them please apply; Logistics, Logistics Assistant, Supply Chain Assistant, Transport Planner, Transport Coordinator, Supply Chain, Freight Management, Excel. Due to the response to this position, please assume that you have been unsuccessful if you have not heard back from us within 7 days of your submitted application.Jan 06, 2020Full timeSupply Chain Coordinator Coleshill £25,000 - £30,000 dependent on experience We are recruiting for a Supply Chain Coordinator to join a leading FMCG business in the West Midlands during an exciting period of expansion and growth. The ideal candidate would be educated to A Levels, equivalent or above, have at least 3+ years' in a similar role, and be able to communicate in a professional manner to all levels within the business. Responsibilities: Responsible for the delivery of performance targets of your category Ensuring maximum availability of products in store whilst minimising shrinkage Managing Inbound Supply and working collaboratively with the Warehouse Management team Working with 3rd party logistics to ensure timely delivery of stock Working collaboratively with the buying function Taking ownership in your specific area and managing the stock holding within budget Manage ordering and replenishment for Stores and Distribution, predicting, monitoring and reacting to availability Undertake re-ordering of stock into Distribution Centres and Stores in an efficient, accurate and planned manner minimising stock holding & shrinkage whilst ensuring availability on a given range of products Manage, enhance and develop relationships with suppliers in order to achieve strategic objectives Requirements: Educated to A Levels or above 3+ years' experience in a similar role Demonstrate understanding of supply chain management Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; specifically Excel and Word Confidence and the ability to communicate effectively with colleagues of all levels is key Ability to manage a varied workload, conflicting deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously Knowledge of Supply Chain systems (Demand Planning systems/TMS/WMS/Portals etc.) A desire for continued personal development At Inplace Recruitment we believe it is people that make the business succeed, the right people, expertly placed in the correct positions. We offer a thorough, professional service that is evidenced by our placement success rate. If you consider yourself to be experienced in any of the following them please apply; Logistics, Logistics Assistant, Supply Chain Assistant, Transport Planner, Transport Coordinator, Supply Chain, Freight Management, Excel. Due to the response to this position, please assume that you have been unsuccessful if you have not heard back from us within 7 days of your submitted application.Inbound Claims Advisor £19,990 - ColeshillGroomfield Recruitment Ltd Birmingham, StaffordshireWould you like to represent a growing, well-stablished client that can offer longevity? Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment? If so, then Groomfield Recruitment have the role for you… We are currently recruiting for an Inbound New Claims Advisor to work on behalf of our innovative client based in Coleshill. (Due to location, you are required to drive and have access to your own vehicle) The role will involve: Answering a high volume of incoming calls and converting initial enquiries to sales using a Gentle Persuasion technique (not telesales) Dealing with all calls with empathy and precision Managing customers expectations and delivering excellent customer service Updating in-house systems with accurate information Providing updates throughout the process of the entire claim Skills/Experience required: Previous sales/target driven role with at least 2 years' experience Empathy, accuracy and a good level of written/verbal English Flexibility The package: Monday to Friday - hours between 8am until 7pm 1 in 4 Saturdays 8am until 1pm £19,990 per annum Free Car Parking Please submit your CV today to discuss this opportunity with a Consultant today!Jan 03, 2020Full timeWould you like to represent a growing, well-stablished client that can offer longevity? Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment? If so, then Groomfield Recruitment have the role for you… We are currently recruiting for an Inbound New Claims Advisor to work on behalf of our innovative client based in Coleshill. (Due to location, you are required to drive and have access to your own vehicle) The role will involve: Answering a high volume of incoming calls and converting initial enquiries to sales using a Gentle Persuasion technique (not telesales) Dealing with all calls with empathy and precision Managing customers expectations and delivering excellent customer service Updating in-house systems with accurate information Providing updates throughout the process of the entire claim Skills/Experience required: Previous sales/target driven role with at least 2 years' experience Empathy, accuracy and a good level of written/verbal English Flexibility The package: Monday to Friday - hours between 8am until 7pm 1 in 4 Saturdays 8am until 1pm £19,990 per annum Free Car Parking Please submit your CV today to discuss this opportunity with a Consultant today!MRICS Quantity Surveyor - consultancy - BirminghamBeach Baker Property Recruitment Birmingham, StaffordshireAre you looking for a new role within an award-winning independent firm, who pride themselves on their innovative approach? Would you like to work for a company who invest in both you as an employee and your future? This multinational company are seeking a Quantity Surveyor to complete both pre and post contract cost duties on a variety of projects within the industrial, residential, commercial and retail sectors. Predominant responsibilities will include: feasibility studies, client-advisory services and procurement whilst also playing in integral role in growing and shaping the department. You have experience with large projects ranging from £500,000 - £30 million and are confident in your report-writing and communication skills. You are MRICS with a quantity surveying/cost management degree and a full and clean driving license. Further job details include: Extremely competitive salary/bonus/car allowance Unique company with a supportive and progressive outlook Pension Birthday off Childcare vouchers Cycle to work scheme Social gatherings Gym discount If you would like to apply for this unmissable opportunity, please send your CV to .Jan 03, 2020Full timeAre you looking for a new role within an award-winning independent firm, who pride themselves on their innovative approach? Would you like to work for a company who invest in both you as an employee and your future? This multinational company are seeking a Quantity Surveyor to complete both pre and post contract cost duties on a variety of projects within the industrial, residential, commercial and retail sectors. Predominant responsibilities will include: feasibility studies, client-advisory services and procurement whilst also playing in integral role in growing and shaping the department. You have experience with large projects ranging from £500,000 - £30 million and are confident in your report-writing and communication skills. You are MRICS with a quantity surveying/cost management degree and a full and clean driving license. Further job details include: Extremely competitive salary/bonus/car allowance Unique company with a supportive and progressive outlook Pension Birthday off Childcare vouchers Cycle to work scheme Social gatherings Gym discount If you would like to apply for this unmissable opportunity, please send your CV to .Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinatorHays Birmingham, StaffordshireA permanent Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinator based in Birmingham City Centre Your new company A market leading Engineering organisation based in Birmingham City Centre, who are currently going through a period of exciting business transformation. Your new role The Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinator will support the L&D Manager with the co-ordination of graduate and apprenticeship programmes across the organisation. The role will ensure training plans are in place for new starters, maintain training records and act as first point of contact for all programme based queries. The Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinator will distribute mandatory online training programmes and monitor completion. The role will also organise training events including booking venues, distributing joining instructions, preparing materials and collating evaluation management information. Additionally the role will support the L&D Manager with learning and development initiatives and projects, including employee engagement and talent management. What you'll need to succeed To be successful you will be an experienced L&D/Training/Apprenticeship Co-ordinator with in depth experience of supporting the management of L&D programmes, using learning management systems and organising training events. A strong working knowledge of graduate and apprenticeship schemes is highly desirable. You will be highly organised and have strong interpersonal skills. What you'll get in return You will receive a salary of up to £26,000 plus excellent benefits What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukJan 02, 2020Full timeA permanent Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinator based in Birmingham City Centre Your new company A market leading Engineering organisation based in Birmingham City Centre, who are currently going through a period of exciting business transformation. Your new role The Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinator will support the L&D Manager with the co-ordination of graduate and apprenticeship programmes across the organisation. The role will ensure training plans are in place for new starters, maintain training records and act as first point of contact for all programme based queries. The Training & Apprenticeship Co-ordinator will distribute mandatory online training programmes and monitor completion. The role will also organise training events including booking venues, distributing joining instructions, preparing materials and collating evaluation management information. Additionally the role will support the L&D Manager with learning and development initiatives and projects, including employee engagement and talent management. What you'll need to succeed To be successful you will be an experienced L&D/Training/Apprenticeship Co-ordinator with in depth experience of supporting the management of L&D programmes, using learning management systems and organising training events. A strong working knowledge of graduate and apprenticeship schemes is highly desirable. You will be highly organised and have strong interpersonal skills. What you'll get in return You will receive a salary of up to £26,000 plus excellent benefits What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukHR Business PartnerHays Birmingham, StaffordshireA permanent HR Business Partner role based in Birmingham City Centre Your new company An innovative and commercial public sector organisation based in Birmingham. They are currently going through an exciting period of growth and focused on a number of high profile projects to develop the region they support. Your new role The HR Business Partner will support a designated client group and will work in partnership with leadership and management teams to support strategic business objects, and to proactively deliver solutions to their people issues. Supported by an Assistant HRBP, the post holder will provide a comprehensive HR advisory service on all employment matters. The HR Business Partner will lead and implement HR projects and develop HR policies and procedures. Additionally the HRBP will partner with operational management teams on talent management, employee engagement, recruitment and workforce planning. What you'll need to succeed To be successful you will be a CIPD qualified HR Business Partner with true business partnering from within in a complex and unionised organisation. Candidates must have proven experience of developing strong business partnerships, providing senior level advice, developing HR strategies and delivering business change. What you'll get in return You will receive a salary of £44,317 to £49,897 plus excellent benefits What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukJan 02, 2020Full timeA permanent HR Business Partner role based in Birmingham City Centre Your new company An innovative and commercial public sector organisation based in Birmingham. They are currently going through an exciting period of growth and focused on a number of high profile projects to develop the region they support. Your new role The HR Business Partner will support a designated client group and will work in partnership with leadership and management teams to support strategic business objects, and to proactively deliver solutions to their people issues. Supported by an Assistant HRBP, the post holder will provide a comprehensive HR advisory service on all employment matters. The HR Business Partner will lead and implement HR projects and develop HR policies and procedures. Additionally the HRBP will partner with operational management teams on talent management, employee engagement, recruitment and workforce planning. What you'll need to succeed To be successful you will be a CIPD qualified HR Business Partner with true business partnering from within in a complex and unionised organisation. Candidates must have proven experience of developing strong business partnerships, providing senior level advice, developing HR strategies and delivering business change. What you'll get in return You will receive a salary of £44,317 to £49,897 plus excellent benefits What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukCustomer Claims AdvisorMorgan Radley Finance & Automotive Recruitment Specialists Birmingham, StaffordshireDo you want to work with customers who genuinely appreciate your time and effort? Can you work in a fast-paced environment that is rewarding and fulfilling? If so, this Customer Claims Advisor role is offering exactly that. Working out of a super modern office in Coleshill, this Customer Claims Advisor role requires a passionate and empathetic individual who can provide customers a fresh, honest and reliable service. As the Customer Claims Advisor who is customer focused, you will have: The ability to learn new process quickly and efficiently Competent with using (MS Office) MS Word, Excel Excellent verbal communication skills, persuasive and assertive Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills Proven judgment and decision-making skills including problem solving Ability to effectively manage professional relationships with business partners and clients Empathetic and Sympathetic approach Demonstrable experience of achieving against targets When you join this growing company as a Customer Claims Advisor, you will receive a competitive starting salary as well as a range of benefits that will include the following: £19,990 Starting Salary Monday to Friday - 8-hour shift between the hours of 8am - 8pm 1 in 4 Saturdays between 8am - 1pm Modern and friendly working environment An excellent onsite staff restaurant (believe me, I've tried it!!) Onsite parking Breakout area including arcade games, pool table and chillout area Company Pension Scheme What you need to do now: If you are interested in this role of Customer Claims Advisor and can display the right experience, then click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position and have experience in this sector; please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.Jan 02, 2020Full timeDo you want to work with customers who genuinely appreciate your time and effort? Can you work in a fast-paced environment that is rewarding and fulfilling? If so, this Customer Claims Advisor role is offering exactly that. Working out of a super modern office in Coleshill, this Customer Claims Advisor role requires a passionate and empathetic individual who can provide customers a fresh, honest and reliable service. As the Customer Claims Advisor who is customer focused, you will have: The ability to learn new process quickly and efficiently Competent with using (MS Office) MS Word, Excel Excellent verbal communication skills, persuasive and assertive Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills Proven judgment and decision-making skills including problem solving Ability to effectively manage professional relationships with business partners and clients Empathetic and Sympathetic approach Demonstrable experience of achieving against targets When you join this growing company as a Customer Claims Advisor, you will receive a competitive starting salary as well as a range of benefits that will include the following: £19,990 Starting Salary Monday to Friday - 8-hour shift between the hours of 8am - 8pm 1 in 4 Saturdays between 8am - 1pm Modern and friendly working environment An excellent onsite staff restaurant (believe me, I've tried it!!) Onsite parking Breakout area including arcade games, pool table and chillout area Company Pension Scheme What you need to do now: If you are interested in this role of Customer Claims Advisor and can display the right experience, then click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position and have experience in this sector; please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.Team ManagerReed Business Support Birmingham, StaffordshireA brilliant opportunity has arisen for an experienced and adaptable team leader to join a global business local to Coleshill. This client of ours is a multi-billion pound business that supports their customer's logistics and supply chain and prides itself on its innovative products and level of service. Salary = £28,000 + individual and team bonus (amounting to approx. £500 per month) This opportunity offers a buzzing team environment, support and structure, free parking, 22 days holiday + bank holidays, perkbox benefits. Expectations of this role: Managing a team of 10 members in the office and another small team remotely. The team has a variety of functions including, admin, operations and sales. In the client's words: This person will need to have experienced managing a similar size team. Must be analytical and good with numbers as you will need to report of changing prices and must be strong willed and confident. What the team do? • Handling inbound calls from customers • Negotiating to win business and cross selling products • Making outbound calls to identify opportunities • Liaise with field sales team and other depots • Costing of bulk deliveries • Issuing information and processing orders from customers • Dealing with queries relating to orders and costings • Creating sales reports • Updating orders, prices and order confirmations in the Company's systems • Assisting with finance reporting • Updating stock levels and report figures to customers The ideal candidate: • Experience managing a team of varied staff • Lives locally to Coleshill • Is a driver due to location • Driven by financial target and leading a team • Competent IT and reporting skills • Attention to detail This is a great opportunity for the right person. So if you feel you are that person and match up to the spec above, please apply today.Dec 31, 2019Full timeA brilliant opportunity has arisen for an experienced and adaptable team leader to join a global business local to Coleshill. This client of ours is a multi-billion pound business that supports their customer's logistics and supply chain and prides itself on its innovative products and level of service. Salary = £28,000 + individual and team bonus (amounting to approx. £500 per month) This opportunity offers a buzzing team environment, support and structure, free parking, 22 days holiday + bank holidays, perkbox benefits. Expectations of this role: Managing a team of 10 members in the office and another small team remotely. The team has a variety of functions including, admin, operations and sales. In the client's words: This person will need to have experienced managing a similar size team. Must be analytical and good with numbers as you will need to report of changing prices and must be strong willed and confident. What the team do? • Handling inbound calls from customers • Negotiating to win business and cross selling products • Making outbound calls to identify opportunities • Liaise with field sales team and other depots • Costing of bulk deliveries • Issuing information and processing orders from customers • Dealing with queries relating to orders and costings • Creating sales reports • Updating orders, prices and order confirmations in the Company's systems • Assisting with finance reporting • Updating stock levels and report figures to customers The ideal candidate: • Experience managing a team of varied staff • Lives locally to Coleshill • Is a driver due to location • Driven by financial target and leading a team • Competent IT and reporting skills • Attention to detail This is a great opportunity for the right person. So if you feel you are that person and match up to the spec above, please apply today.Senior Payroll AdministratorMeriden Media Birmingham, StaffordshireWe are now recruiting for Senior Payroll Administrators to work for a company who are a market leader in their chosen field of Payroll and Human Resources. These positions will be fixed term contracts for 12 months, with possible extensions for the right candidates. The main objectives of this position will be to take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times through accuracy and on time delivery of payrolls. You will be a dedicated point of contact for client allocation, providing clients and colleagues with support on payroll and payroll system issues. Key responsibilities of the Senior Payroll Administrator: Take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times. Review, develop and manage client accounts to enhance service delivery and increase business revenue. Deliver excellent service to internal and external clients, possessing the required account and payroll knowledge to fully support them. Be a 'go to' subject matter expert for specific payroll advice and guidance. Take full responsibility for all month end, yearend and P11d processing and reporting. Keep up-to-date with payroll legislation and terminology including SMP, SSP, Tax, NI, Court Orders and Attachments of Earnings. Complete weekly and monthly payrolls timely and accurately. Process all payroll related correspondence on a timely basis. Add/remove starters and leaves from payroll. Import timesheets into the payroll system. Process sick notes, SSP1 forms and MAT B1 forms. Process relevant payroll deductions. Amend bank details. Distribute payslips, P60'S, P45's and P46's and sending BACS. Provide maternity/paternity/adoption payment schedules. The successful candidate will have the following skills: Payroll experience and able to meet tight payroll deadlines. Strong organisation skills and attention to detail. Numerically astute. Proficiency in MS Office, including intermediate/advanced Excel. Be a self-starter. Excellent written and verbal communication. Previous experience of working in an outsourced environment. CIPP is desirable. Experience in managing large transition projects. This will be a super opportunity to join a business who are a standalone company and very proud of what they do. This is a fantastic place to work!Dec 31, 2019Full timeWe are now recruiting for Senior Payroll Administrators to work for a company who are a market leader in their chosen field of Payroll and Human Resources. These positions will be fixed term contracts for 12 months, with possible extensions for the right candidates. The main objectives of this position will be to take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times through accuracy and on time delivery of payrolls. You will be a dedicated point of contact for client allocation, providing clients and colleagues with support on payroll and payroll system issues. Key responsibilities of the Senior Payroll Administrator: Take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times. Review, develop and manage client accounts to enhance service delivery and increase business revenue. Deliver excellent service to internal and external clients, possessing the required account and payroll knowledge to fully support them. Be a 'go to' subject matter expert for specific payroll advice and guidance. Take full responsibility for all month end, yearend and P11d processing and reporting. Keep up-to-date with payroll legislation and terminology including SMP, SSP, Tax, NI, Court Orders and Attachments of Earnings. Complete weekly and monthly payrolls timely and accurately. Process all payroll related correspondence on a timely basis. Add/remove starters and leaves from payroll. Import timesheets into the payroll system. Process sick notes, SSP1 forms and MAT B1 forms. Process relevant payroll deductions. Amend bank details. Distribute payslips, P60'S, P45's and P46's and sending BACS. Provide maternity/paternity/adoption payment schedules. The successful candidate will have the following skills: Payroll experience and able to meet tight payroll deadlines. Strong organisation skills and attention to detail. Numerically astute. Proficiency in MS Office, including intermediate/advanced Excel. Be a self-starter. Excellent written and verbal communication. Previous experience of working in an outsourced environment. CIPP is desirable. Experience in managing large transition projects. This will be a super opportunity to join a business who are a standalone company and very proud of what they do. This is a fantastic place to work!Bendi Forklift DriverExtra Personnel Birmingham, StaffordshireBendi Forklift Driver We are currently recruiting for Bendi Forklift Driver roles in the Coleshill area. The client manufactures plastic automotive components (bumpers/spoilers/tailgates) for Jaguar Landrover Requirements of a Bendi Forklift Driver: Have a minimum of 6 months experience driving Bendi Forklift Truck Hold a Bendi Forklift License Excellent communication skills Details: Salary: £10.16 per hour Hours: 37 hours per week on a rotational pattern of days/nights/afternoons Location:Coleshill Duration:Ongoing When applying, please ensure that you are able to commute safely to and from work at these times. Benefits of working with us a Bendi Forklift Driver 28 Holiday days per year increasing to 33 Holiday days after 12 weeks Weekly Pay Pension Scheme Employed Status Personal Accident Insurance Mortgage references My Extra Rewards- An online portal offering vouchers and discounts If you are interested in the above Bendi Forklift Driver role please click apply Extra Personnel Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers.Dec 31, 2019SeasonalBendi Forklift Driver We are currently recruiting for Bendi Forklift Driver roles in the Coleshill area. The client manufactures plastic automotive components (bumpers/spoilers/tailgates) for Jaguar Landrover Requirements of a Bendi Forklift Driver: Have a minimum of 6 months experience driving Bendi Forklift Truck Hold a Bendi Forklift License Excellent communication skills Details: Salary: £10.16 per hour Hours: 37 hours per week on a rotational pattern of days/nights/afternoons Location:Coleshill Duration:Ongoing When applying, please ensure that you are able to commute safely to and from work at these times. Benefits of working with us a Bendi Forklift Driver 28 Holiday days per year increasing to 33 Holiday days after 12 weeks Weekly Pay Pension Scheme Employed Status Personal Accident Insurance Mortgage references My Extra Rewards- An online portal offering vouchers and discounts If you are interested in the above Bendi Forklift Driver role please click apply Extra Personnel Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers.Senior HR AdvisorHays Birmingham, StaffordshireOngoing temporary post based in Birmingham, just 15 minutes walk from New Street Station, you will be working as part of a large HR function as a ER / HR Advisor / Senior Advisor Your new role You will be supporting both line managers and employees with a range of ER case work. This will include disciplinary, grievance and performance management and you will be coaching line managers through the process both over the phone and in person. You will also deal with a number of other employee events such as TUPE, restructure and redundancy. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for experienced HR Advisors and Senior HR Advisors that have a real passion for ER and casework. A temporary booking with an immediate start, candidates should be available on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukDec 31, 2019Full timeOngoing temporary post based in Birmingham, just 15 minutes walk from New Street Station, you will be working as part of a large HR function as a ER / HR Advisor / Senior Advisor Your new role You will be supporting both line managers and employees with a range of ER case work. This will include disciplinary, grievance and performance management and you will be coaching line managers through the process both over the phone and in person. You will also deal with a number of other employee events such as TUPE, restructure and redundancy. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for experienced HR Advisors and Senior HR Advisors that have a real passion for ER and casework. A temporary booking with an immediate start, candidates should be available on short notice. Interviews are happening as soon as suitable applicants are identified - please apply now if you are keen to be considered. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.ukHR Business PartnerWright Solutions Birmingham, StaffordshireThis is a challenging and varied role to join a successful West Midlands organisation as an operationally focused HR Business Partner. You will be working in partnership with the other HR Business Partners in a small and effective HR team, supporting operational staff at all levels and handling a wide range of HR/ER issues. You will have responsibility for the following. * Building strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, taking ownership of all HR issues in your business areas. * Supporting line managers at all levels with a wide range of HR/ER issues. * Proactively improving management capabilities through support on day to day HR procedures as well as proactive coaching. * Managing a varied ER caseload within a fast paced and commercial business * Managing change processes in your areas including TUPE and Redundancy. * Working collaboratively with the wider HR team to deliver HR solutions that drive effectiveness and performance across the organisation. As one of the lead operational HR professionals you will be ideally placed to understand the mood of the business and will have the ability to flag up issues and suggest solutions to Recruitment, Talent & Development and Rewards initiatives. You will need to liaise closely with managers in order to understand their needs and support them fully from an HR perspective. The successful candidate will have * The ability and apetite to drive continuous improvement in your business areas * Proven experience of managing a varied Employee Relations case load * Strong communication skills, with ability to build relationships at all levels, and with proven influencing skills * CIPD qualifications, Level 5 as a minimum. This is an organisation with strong social values. Joining them as HR Business Partner will give you an exciting opportunity to make a real difference to an organisation that makes a positive impact on society. Salary: £36-39,000 plus benefits We would be keen to receive CVs however, if you require further information on the role call Jon or Diana at Wright Solutions on (Please quote ref BBBH141) Learn how Wright Solutions can help you build a better workplace with online courses on Diversity, Inclusion, leadership and teamwork. Click Here In compliance with the regulations (April 2004) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, Wright Solutions will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable. Please remember you can now keep up to date with all our vacancies by following us on or Facebook.com/WrightSolutionsHRDec 31, 2019Full timeThis is a challenging and varied role to join a successful West Midlands organisation as an operationally focused HR Business Partner. You will be working in partnership with the other HR Business Partners in a small and effective HR team, supporting operational staff at all levels and handling a wide range of HR/ER issues. You will have responsibility for the following. * Building strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, taking ownership of all HR issues in your business areas. * Supporting line managers at all levels with a wide range of HR/ER issues. * Proactively improving management capabilities through support on day to day HR procedures as well as proactive coaching. * Managing a varied ER caseload within a fast paced and commercial business * Managing change processes in your areas including TUPE and Redundancy. * Working collaboratively with the wider HR team to deliver HR solutions that drive effectiveness and performance across the organisation. As one of the lead operational HR professionals you will be ideally placed to understand the mood of the business and will have the ability to flag up issues and suggest solutions to Recruitment, Talent & Development and Rewards initiatives. You will need to liaise closely with managers in order to understand their needs and support them fully from an HR perspective. The successful candidate will have * The ability and apetite to drive continuous improvement in your business areas * Proven experience of managing a varied Employee Relations case load * Strong communication skills, with ability to build relationships at all levels, and with proven influencing skills * CIPD qualifications, Level 5 as a minimum. This is an organisation with strong social values. Joining them as HR Business Partner will give you an exciting opportunity to make a real difference to an organisation that makes a positive impact on society. Salary: £36-39,000 plus benefits We would be keen to receive CVs however, if you require further information on the role call Jon or Diana at Wright Solutions on (Please quote ref BBBH141) Learn how Wright Solutions can help you build a better workplace with online courses on Diversity, Inclusion, leadership and teamwork. Click Here In compliance with the regulations (April 2004) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, Wright Solutions will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable. Please remember you can now keep up to date with all our vacancies by following us on or Facebook.com/WrightSolutionsHRInterim Payroll ConsultantGleeson Recruitment Group Birmingham, StaffordshireI am looking to speak to immediately available Payroll Consultants for a short term project in South Birmingham. Working as part of the HR team, you will assist with an outsourcing payroll project and make recommendations and deal with any queries that arise. With an extensive payroll background, you must have a proven track record of driving a payroll project. Ideally you will have worked on iTrent and Success Factors . You will have a strong analytical approach and excellent problem solving capabilities together with excellent communication skills with a real passion for delivering the very best customer service. By applying you will be registered as a candidate with Gleeson Recruitment Limited. Our Privacy Policy is available on our website and explains how we will use your data.Dec 31, 2019Full timeI am looking to speak to immediately available Payroll Consultants for a short term project in South Birmingham. Working as part of the HR team, you will assist with an outsourcing payroll project and make recommendations and deal with any queries that arise. With an extensive payroll background, you must have a proven track record of driving a payroll project. Ideally you will have worked on iTrent and Success Factors . You will have a strong analytical approach and excellent problem solving capabilities together with excellent communication skills with a real passion for delivering the very best customer service. By applying you will be registered as a candidate with Gleeson Recruitment Limited. Our Privacy Policy is available on our website and explains how we will use your data.Personal / Fitness Trainer - Birmingham Broad StreetThe Gym Group Birmingham, StaffordshirePERSONAL / FITNESS TRAINER Finding your fit. It's what we're all about. Join our team, and we'll give you the platform you need to discover yours. We're looking for passionate, ambitious Level 3 qualified Fitness / Personal Trainers to join our team. We should point out, it's not just our members we help to take the first step, we'll support you too! As the fastest growing gym brand in Europe, our gyms offer an unrivalled opportunity to anyone looking to grow their own business. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? To help you get off to a flying start, we don't charge any start up fees or annual license fees - we'll even give you your first week's rent for free. We pay you for 12 hours per week and you get the lowest, most competitive rent rate around. In simple terms - your rent payment matches what you receive in gross pay. This means you can keep 100% of what you earn from your clients. Sounds like a good deal, right? It gets better. As we'll be employing you, you'll receive a ton of great benefits that will give you the support and security to grow your business with confidence. That means paid holiday, company sick pay, and no hidden costs for things like uniform. To keep you at the top of your game, you'll get access to the tools you need to run your own business with discounts from a range of partners. With access to some of the industry's best training resources, you can expand your knowledge and learn to be the best PT you can possibly be and grow your own business as fast as we are growing ours. A LITTLE ABOUT YOU Let's keep it simple - you're perfect for the job because you have a passion for health, well-being and all-round excellence. You're a proper people person, able to inspire, engage and help your clients' confidence grow as quick as your client base, delivering success to The Gym and its members. If that sounds like you, all you need is your level 3 fitness qualification, a valid Emergency First Aid at work certificate and PT Insurance to apply. A LITTLE ABOUT US From the beginning, we have broken down barriers to join a gym - such as high prices, restrictive hours and inflexible contracts - that were formerly industry standards. In the process, we have pioneered democratising fitness, and through doing this have opened the door to people to expand and develop their careers. We believe that we offer everything you need from a gym and that we're the best value around. Now with over 790,000 members and more than 160 gyms (with more joining our portfolio) we are the fastest growing gym business in Europe with over 22% of the UK low cost market! We don't want to make a big song and dance about it (we'll save that for our classes), but it's a pretty great place to work. Whether you're a personal trainer or running the whole gym, we'll provide a friendly, place where you can learn and improve that is flexible to your needs. So, what are you waiting for? Come and find your fit at The Gym …Dec 31, 2019Full timePERSONAL / FITNESS TRAINER Finding your fit. It's what we're all about. Join our team, and we'll give you the platform you need to discover yours. We're looking for passionate, ambitious Level 3 qualified Fitness / Personal Trainers to join our team. We should point out, it's not just our members we help to take the first step, we'll support you too! As the fastest growing gym brand in Europe, our gyms offer an unrivalled opportunity to anyone looking to grow their own business. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? To help you get off to a flying start, we don't charge any start up fees or annual license fees - we'll even give you your first week's rent for free. We pay you for 12 hours per week and you get the lowest, most competitive rent rate around. In simple terms - your rent payment matches what you receive in gross pay. This means you can keep 100% of what you earn from your clients. Sounds like a good deal, right? It gets better. As we'll be employing you, you'll receive a ton of great benefits that will give you the support and security to grow your business with confidence. That means paid holiday, company sick pay, and no hidden costs for things like uniform. To keep you at the top of your game, you'll get access to the tools you need to run your own business with discounts from a range of partners. With access to some of the industry's best training resources, you can expand your knowledge and learn to be the best PT you can possibly be and grow your own business as fast as we are growing ours. A LITTLE ABOUT YOU Let's keep it simple - you're perfect for the job because you have a passion for health, well-being and all-round excellence. You're a proper people person, able to inspire, engage and help your clients' confidence grow as quick as your client base, delivering success to The Gym and its members. If that sounds like you, all you need is your level 3 fitness qualification, a valid Emergency First Aid at work certificate and PT Insurance to apply. A LITTLE ABOUT US From the beginning, we have broken down barriers to join a gym - such as high prices, restrictive hours and inflexible contracts - that were formerly industry standards. In the process, we have pioneered democratising fitness, and through doing this have opened the door to people to expand and develop their careers. We believe that we offer everything you need from a gym and that we're the best value around. Now with over 790,000 members and more than 160 gyms (with more joining our portfolio) we are the fastest growing gym business in Europe with over 22% of the UK low cost market! We don't want to make a big song and dance about it (we'll save that for our classes), but it's a pretty great place to work. Whether you're a personal trainer or running the whole gym, we'll provide a friendly, place where you can learn and improve that is flexible to your needs. So, what are you waiting for? Come and find your fit at The Gym …New Claims AdvisorAccident Exchange Birmingham, StaffordshireTo deliver a high-quality telephone-based sales through service experience to AX customers following their involvement in a non-fault accident. Key Accountabilities To effectively process and manage to a successful conclusion all new claims allocated in line with business requirements To rapidly and effectively communicate with referral partners (Car Dealerships, fleet companies, body shops etc), customer (person driving the vehicle), third parties and colleagues over the phone to ensure we capture and convert all new claims coming into the business To update the BackOffice system with accurate clear records of discussions pertaining to new and existing claims, next steps and time frames Deliver service quality that is guaranteed, supporting internal and external processes to help provide a smooth and efficient service to all partners and customers Effectively using open questioning and active listening skills to ensure all relevant claim information is captured and recorded including location and road layout of accident, third party details, accident circumstances etc. Speaking with customers and witnesses to ensure liability is not disputed. Consulting with Team Leader over findings and next steps if necessary Ensuring all claim notes are updates accurately and claims are work timely and efficiently to avoid intervention To achieve objectives and targets set Carry out reasonable tasks as requested by your line Manager. Personal Specifications Demonstrable experience of working in a fast paced, target driven customer focused office-based environment ideally within a phone-based environment Previous soft sales experience would be beneficial but not essential The ability to learn new process quickly and efficiently Competent with using (MS Office) MS Word, Excel Excellent verbal communication skills, persuasive and assertive Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills Proven judgement and decision-making skills including problem solving Ability to effectively manage professional relationships with business partners and clients Adaptable, tenacious self-starter who is results orientated Able to work on own initiative as well as support team and departmental goals and objectives Demonstrable experience of achieving against targets Good written communication skills, capturing a clear logical summary of situations The ability to prioritise, recognising importance and urgency and work to tight deadlines Ability to work on own initiative Demonstrate behaviour in line with Company values; Inspired to Innovate, Always Respectful, Fully Accountable, Delivering Delight.Dec 30, 2019Full timeTo deliver a high-quality telephone-based sales through service experience to AX customers following their involvement in a non-fault accident. Key Accountabilities To effectively process and manage to a successful conclusion all new claims allocated in line with business requirements To rapidly and effectively communicate with referral partners (Car Dealerships, fleet companies, body shops etc), customer (person driving the vehicle), third parties and colleagues over the phone to ensure we capture and convert all new claims coming into the business To update the BackOffice system with accurate clear records of discussions pertaining to new and existing claims, next steps and time frames Deliver service quality that is guaranteed, supporting internal and external processes to help provide a smooth and efficient service to all partners and customers Effectively using open questioning and active listening skills to ensure all relevant claim information is captured and recorded including location and road layout of accident, third party details, accident circumstances etc. Speaking with customers and witnesses to ensure liability is not disputed. Consulting with Team Leader over findings and next steps if necessary Ensuring all claim notes are updates accurately and claims are work timely and efficiently to avoid intervention To achieve objectives and targets set Carry out reasonable tasks as requested by your line Manager. Personal Specifications Demonstrable experience of working in a fast paced, target driven customer focused office-based environment ideally within a phone-based environment Previous soft sales experience would be beneficial but not essential The ability to learn new process quickly and efficiently Competent with using (MS Office) MS Word, Excel Excellent verbal communication skills, persuasive and assertive Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills Proven judgement and decision-making skills including problem solving Ability to effectively manage professional relationships with business partners and clients Adaptable, tenacious self-starter who is results orientated Able to work on own initiative as well as support team and departmental goals and objectives Demonstrable experience of achieving against targets Good written communication skills, capturing a clear logical summary of situations The ability to prioritise, recognising importance and urgency and work to tight deadlines Ability to work on own initiative Demonstrate behaviour in line with Company values; Inspired to Innovate, Always Respectful, Fully Accountable, Delivering Delight.Administrator £21,500 - Coleshill (must have own transport)Groomfield Recruitment Ltd Birmingham, StaffordshireIf you are an experienced Administrator who is a whizz on Excel we have a super opportunty for you!! Our client based in Coleshill are looking for a vibrant individual to join their busy team to provide efficient and effective administration support to the HR and Learning and Development team. Key Accountabilities To deal with all employment administration for the full colleague lifecycle To prepare and issue employment contracts and new starter paperwork in a timely and effective manner Ensure all new starters are fully referenced, have completed all new starter paperwork and have eligibility to work To accurately maintain and update internal HR system with starters, leavers, personal detail changes etc To ensure Company organisation charts and back office system are accurate and kept up to date To ensure all employment related correspondence are received and recorded accurately Manage the welcome review process To deal with all adhoc HR administration including, mortgage references and other standard letters To ensure the filing and archiving of HR correspondents are dealt with appropriately and kept up to date in line with internal processes and procedures To assist with all training administration including printing of all corporate induction packs, training course paperwork, collation of evaluation data with the ability to produce results in a MI capacity Ensure the People Development calendar is up to date with new starter names and their job titles Keep the Company 'YourSpace' intranet system up to date Ensure notice boards are kept up to date To manage the leaver's process; communicate to key department contacts, conduct exit interviews and ensure all correspondence and records are updated To assist the CEO with administrational duties including arranging meetings, filing To ensure that all HR records and systems both paper and electronic fully comply with GDPR legislation Producing accurate reporting for the Group HR Director Personal Specifications Demonstrable experience of working in a fast-paced administrative role Previous experience of working with confidential data Previous experience of balancing working to tight deadlines whilst maintaining high levels of quality on a consistent basis Excellent attention to detail Intermediate computer skills with an excellent working knowledge of Word and Excel Team player with the ability to work and liaise with people at all levels Demonstrable experience of being Customer focused both internally and externally Diplomatic and approachable Have excellent spoken and written communication skills Ability to work on own initiative Working hours are Monday to Friday 9am - 17.30pm, free parking, onsite canteen and modern office environment Immediate interviews are availableDec 30, 2019Full timeIf you are an experienced Administrator who is a whizz on Excel we have a super opportunty for you!! Our client based in Coleshill are looking for a vibrant individual to join their busy team to provide efficient and effective administration support to the HR and Learning and Development team. Key Accountabilities To deal with all employment administration for the full colleague lifecycle To prepare and issue employment contracts and new starter paperwork in a timely and effective manner Ensure all new starters are fully referenced, have completed all new starter paperwork and have eligibility to work To accurately maintain and update internal HR system with starters, leavers, personal detail changes etc To ensure Company organisation charts and back office system are accurate and kept up to date To ensure all employment related correspondence are received and recorded accurately Manage the welcome review process To deal with all adhoc HR administration including, mortgage references and other standard letters To ensure the filing and archiving of HR correspondents are dealt with appropriately and kept up to date in line with internal processes and procedures To assist with all training administration including printing of all corporate induction packs, training course paperwork, collation of evaluation data with the ability to produce results in a MI capacity Ensure the People Development calendar is up to date with new starter names and their job titles Keep the Company 'YourSpace' intranet system up to date Ensure notice boards are kept up to date To manage the leaver's process; communicate to key department contacts, conduct exit interviews and ensure all correspondence and records are updated To assist the CEO with administrational duties including arranging meetings, filing To ensure that all HR records and systems both paper and electronic fully comply with GDPR legislation Producing accurate reporting for the Group HR Director Personal Specifications Demonstrable experience of working in a fast-paced administrative role Previous experience of working with confidential data Previous experience of balancing working to tight deadlines whilst maintaining high levels of quality on a consistent basis Excellent attention to detail Intermediate computer skills with an excellent working knowledge of Word and Excel Team player with the ability to work and liaise with people at all levels Demonstrable experience of being Customer focused both internally and externally Diplomatic and approachable Have excellent spoken and written communication skills Ability to work on own initiative Working hours are Monday to Friday 9am - 17.30pm, free parking, onsite canteen and modern office environment Immediate interviews are availableNew Claims AdvisorMorgan Radley Finance & Automotive Recruitment Specialists Birmingham, StaffordshireDo you want to work with customers who genuinely appreciate your time and effort? Can you work in a fast-paced environment that is rewarding and fulfilling? If so, this Customer Support Executive role is offering exactly that. Working out of a super modern office in Coleshill, this Customer Support Executive role requires a passionate and empathetic individual who can provide customers a fresh, honest and reliable service. As the Customer Support Executive, you will have: The ability to learn new process quickly and efficiently Competent with using (MS Office) MS Word, Excel Excellent verbal communication skills, persuasive and assertive Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills Proven judgment and decision-making skills including problem solving Ability to effectively manage professional relationships with business partners and clients Empathetic and Sympathetic approach Demonstrable experience of achieving against targets When you join this growing company as a Customer Support Executive, you will receive a competitive starting salary as well as a range of benefits that will include the following: £19,990 starting salary Monday to Friday - 8-hour shift between the hours of 8am - 8pm 1 in 4 Saturdays between 8am - 1pm Modern and friendly working environment An excellent onsite staff restaurant (believe me, I've tried it!!) Onsite parking Breakout area including arcade games, pool table and chillout area Company Pension Scheme What you need to do now: If you are interested in this role and can display the right experience, then click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position and have experience in this sector; please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.Dec 30, 2019Full timeDo you want to work with customers who genuinely appreciate your time and effort? Can you work in a fast-paced environment that is rewarding and fulfilling? If so, this Customer Support Executive role is offering exactly that. Working out of a super modern office in Coleshill, this Customer Support Executive role requires a passionate and empathetic individual who can provide customers a fresh, honest and reliable service. As the Customer Support Executive, you will have: The ability to learn new process quickly and efficiently Competent with using (MS Office) MS Word, Excel Excellent verbal communication skills, persuasive and assertive Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills Proven judgment and decision-making skills including problem solving Ability to effectively manage professional relationships with business partners and clients Empathetic and Sympathetic approach Demonstrable experience of achieving against targets When you join this growing company as a Customer Support Executive, you will receive a competitive starting salary as well as a range of benefits that will include the following: £19,990 starting salary Monday to Friday - 8-hour shift between the hours of 8am - 8pm 1 in 4 Saturdays between 8am - 1pm Modern and friendly working environment An excellent onsite staff restaurant (believe me, I've tried it!!) Onsite parking Breakout area including arcade games, pool table and chillout area Company Pension Scheme What you need to do now: If you are interested in this role and can display the right experience, then click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position and have experience in this sector; please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.Administrator £21,500 ColeshillGroomfield Recruitment Ltd Birmingham, StaffordshireIf you are an experienced Administrator who is a whizz on Excel we have a super opportunty for you!!, Our client based in Coleshill are looking for a vibrant individual to join their busy team to provide efficient and effective administration support to the HR and Learning and Development team. Key Accountabilities To deal with all employment administration for the full colleague lifecycle To prepare and issue employment contracts and new starter paperwork in a timely and effective manner Ensure all new starters are fully referenced, have completed all new starter paperwork and have eligibility to work To accurately maintain and update internal HR system with starters, leavers, personal detail changes etc To ensure Company organisation charts and back office system are accurate and kept up to date To ensure all employment related correspondence are received and recorded accurately Manage the welcome review process To deal with all adhoc HR administration including, mortgage references and other standard letters To ensure the filing and archiving of HR correspondents are dealt with appropriately and kept up to date in line with internal processes and procedures To assist with all training administration including printing of all corporate induction packs, training course paperwork, collation of evaluation data with the ability to produce results in a MI capacity Ensure the People Development calendar is up to date with new starter names and their job titles Keep the Company 'YourSpace' intranet system up to date Ensure notice boards are kept up to date To manage the leaver's process; communicate to key department contacts, conduct exit interviews and ensure all correspondence and records are updated To assist the CEO with administrational duties including arranging meetings, filing To ensure that all HR records and systems both paper and electronic fully comply with GDPR legislation Producing accurate reporting for the Group HR Director Personal Specifications Demonstrable experience of working in a fast-paced administrative role Previous experience of working with confidential data Previous experience of balancing working to tight deadlines whilst maintaining high levels of quality on a consistent basis Excellent attention to detail Intermediate computer skills with an excellent working knowledge of Word and Excel Team player with the ability to work and liaise with people at all levels Demonstrable experience of being Customer focused both internally and externally Diplomatic and approachable Have excellent spoken and written communication skills Ability to work on own initiative Working hours are Monday to Friday 9am - 17.30pm, free parking, onsite canteen and modern office environment Immediate interviews are availableDec 30, 2019Full timeIf you are an experienced Administrator who is a whizz on Excel we have a super opportunty for you!!, Our client based in Coleshill are looking for a vibrant individual to join their busy team to provide efficient and effective administration support to the HR and Learning and Development team. Key Accountabilities To deal with all employment administration for the full colleague lifecycle To prepare and issue employment contracts and new starter paperwork in a timely and effective manner Ensure all new starters are fully referenced, have completed all new starter paperwork and have eligibility to work To accurately maintain and update internal HR system with starters, leavers, personal detail changes etc To ensure Company organisation charts and back office system are accurate and kept up to date To ensure all employment related correspondence are received and recorded accurately Manage the welcome review process To deal with all adhoc HR administration including, mortgage references and other standard letters To ensure the filing and archiving of HR correspondents are dealt with appropriately and kept up to date in line with internal processes and procedures To assist with all training administration including printing of all corporate induction packs, training course paperwork, collation of evaluation data with the ability to produce results in a MI capacity Ensure the People Development calendar is up to date with new starter names and their job titles Keep the Company 'YourSpace' intranet system up to date Ensure notice boards are kept up to date To manage the leaver's process; communicate to key department contacts, conduct exit interviews and ensure all correspondence and records are updated To assist the CEO with administrational duties including arranging meetings, filing To ensure that all HR records and systems both paper and electronic fully comply with GDPR legislation Producing accurate reporting for the Group HR Director Personal Specifications Demonstrable experience of working in a fast-paced administrative role Previous experience of working with confidential data Previous experience of balancing working to tight deadlines whilst maintaining high levels of quality on a consistent basis Excellent attention to detail Intermediate computer skills with an excellent working knowledge of Word and Excel Team player with the ability to work and liaise with people at all levels Demonstrable experience of being Customer focused both internally and externally Diplomatic and approachable Have excellent spoken and written communication skills Ability to work on own initiative Working hours are Monday to Friday 9am - 17.30pm, free parking, onsite canteen and modern office environment Immediate interviews are availableProperty Acquisition ManagerJoshua Robert Recruitment Birmingham, WorcestershireOne of the UK's most innovative and forward-looking organisations are recruiting a Property Acquisition Lead for their rapidly expanding West Midlands office in Birmingham. This unique business is at the forefront of the sizeable marketplace in which they operate globally and has a major acquisition programme underway. As the Lead Acquisition Manager, you will manage and deliver all aspects of acquisition for a significant UK-Wide programme. You will lead the acquisition team, setting objectives, reviewing performance and ensuring staff have the necessary skills and understanding to deliver the team's objectives. Alongside this, you will develop and own the strategy for the delivery of the acquisition programme and proactively build relationships with major/high profile land and property owners. It's important you are able to provide expert advice to other departments and contribute to the development of the property management business, planning and strategy development. To be considered; you will have the ability to manage suppliers and to build sustainable strategic relationships across the market. You must be able to lead negotiations, have a strong property acquisition and valuation understanding and ideally a working knowledge of the CPO process. In return, you will receive an excellent remuneration package and benefits, including flexible working and a clear progression path. Additionally, you will be part of an industry leading business that has the potential to make a huge difference. For more information, please contact Josh Powell.Dec 30, 2019Full timeOne of the UK's most innovative and forward-looking organisations are recruiting a Property Acquisition Lead for their rapidly expanding West Midlands office in Birmingham. This unique business is at the forefront of the sizeable marketplace in which they operate globally and has a major acquisition programme underway. As the Lead Acquisition Manager, you will manage and deliver all aspects of acquisition for a significant UK-Wide programme. You will lead the acquisition team, setting objectives, reviewing performance and ensuring staff have the necessary skills and understanding to deliver the team's objectives. Alongside this, you will develop and own the strategy for the delivery of the acquisition programme and proactively build relationships with major/high profile land and property owners. It's important you are able to provide expert advice to other departments and contribute to the development of the property management business, planning and strategy development. To be considered; you will have the ability to manage suppliers and to build sustainable strategic relationships across the market. You must be able to lead negotiations, have a strong property acquisition and valuation understanding and ideally a working knowledge of the CPO process. In return, you will receive an excellent remuneration package and benefits, including flexible working and a clear progression path. Additionally, you will be part of an industry leading business that has the potential to make a huge difference. For more information, please contact Josh Powell.Warehouse OperativeExtra Personnel Birmingham, StaffordshireWarehouse Operative We are currently recruiting for Warehouse Operative roles to join a well established company within the Automotive Industry. Requirements of a Warehouse Operative: Be able to work as part of a team Be able to keep up with production schedules Be quality focused Be able to work on a 2 shift rota / 3 shift rota Have good timekeeping and attendance Details The working hours are 37 hours per week Monday to Friday with overtime available both midweek and weekends when required. The shift rotates weekly between: 6am to 1:30pm or 6.30am to 2.30pm Monday to Thursday; Friday 6-1pm or 6:30-11:30am Location: Coleshill Duration: Ongoing When applying, please ensure that you are able to commute safely to and from work at these times. The pay rate starts at £8.50 per hour AM/PM, nights at £8.75 rising to £9.88 per hour after 12 worked weeks service 3 shift rotation starts at £8.5 per hour AM/PM, nights at £8.75 rising to £10.16 per hour after 12 worked weeks service Role of a Warehouse Operative: Building car bumpers for a prestigious name Ensuring that the right spec bumper is made Ensuring that the bumper meets the exacting quality standards Working as part of a team to ensure targets are met Benefits of working with us as a Warehouse Operative 28 Holidays per year Weekly Pay Pension Scheme Employed Status Personal Accident Insurance Mortgage references My Extra Rewards- An online portal offering vouchers and discounts If you are interested in the above role please click apply Extra Personnel Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers.Dec 30, 2019SeasonalWarehouse Operative We are currently recruiting for Warehouse Operative roles to join a well established company within the Automotive Industry. Requirements of a Warehouse Operative: Be able to work as part of a team Be able to keep up with production schedules Be quality focused Be able to work on a 2 shift rota / 3 shift rota Have good timekeeping and attendance Details The working hours are 37 hours per week Monday to Friday with overtime available both midweek and weekends when required. The shift rotates weekly between: 6am to 1:30pm or 6.30am to 2.30pm Monday to Thursday; Friday 6-1pm or 6:30-11:30am Location: Coleshill Duration: Ongoing When applying, please ensure that you are able to commute safely to and from work at these times. The pay rate starts at £8.50 per hour AM/PM, nights at £8.75 rising to £9.88 per hour after 12 worked weeks service 3 shift rotation starts at £8.5 per hour AM/PM, nights at £8.75 rising to £10.16 per hour after 12 worked weeks service Role of a Warehouse Operative: Building car bumpers for a prestigious name Ensuring that the right spec bumper is made Ensuring that the bumper meets the exacting quality standards Working as part of a team to ensure targets are met Benefits of working with us as a Warehouse Operative 28 Holidays per year Weekly Pay Pension Scheme Employed Status Personal Accident Insurance Mortgage references My Extra Rewards- An online portal offering vouchers and discounts If you are interested in the above role please click apply Extra Personnel Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers.Account Manager PART TIMEMidas Recruitment Birmingham, StaffordshireMy Client is looking for an experienced Account Manager to join their financial company on a PART TIME basis. The role is working 25 hours per week, ideally Monday - Friday 9am - 2pm however this is FLEXIBLE for the right candidate. The Account Manager would be working in a B2B environment, managing existing accounts, processing payments and contract renewals. The successful candidate will be earning a FULL TIME SALARY while working PART TIME HOURS! As the Account Manager, you will be responsible for: Contacting existing customers as they come towards the end of their contract Advising existing customers on the processes and procedures when coming to the end of their lease Informing customers on contract renewals and services on offer Logging all follow-up calls AND set dates within diary to continue calls Handling customer enquiries about products on the phone Ensuring that all warm leads are accurately recorded within the internal spreadsheet Calling and emailing suppliers to chase up any invoices and obtaining delivery dates and update the system The successful candidate for the role of Account Manager will have: Previous experience within a telephone-based role; experience of upselling, cross selling or advising desirable Experience in a customer service focused role Experience working to targets and KPI's In return the Account Manager will receive a basic salary of £10,725pa with the opportunity to earn bonus on top (REALISTIC EARNINGS OF BETWEEN £16,000 and £17,000pa) and free car parking. My client is looking to interview as soon as possible. Please Note: We do not contact or write to unsuccessful candidates. If you have not heard anything from us within 48 hours of your application, you should presume that your application was unsuccessful. By applying for this vacancy, you are giving permission for Midas Recruitment to contact you and retain your details.Dec 30, 2019Full timeMy Client is looking for an experienced Account Manager to join their financial company on a PART TIME basis. The role is working 25 hours per week, ideally Monday - Friday 9am - 2pm however this is FLEXIBLE for the right candidate. The Account Manager would be working in a B2B environment, managing existing accounts, processing payments and contract renewals. The successful candidate will be earning a FULL TIME SALARY while working PART TIME HOURS! As the Account Manager, you will be responsible for: Contacting existing customers as they come towards the end of their contract Advising existing customers on the processes and procedures when coming to the end of their lease Informing customers on contract renewals and services on offer Logging all follow-up calls AND set dates within diary to continue calls Handling customer enquiries about products on the phone Ensuring that all warm leads are accurately recorded within the internal spreadsheet Calling and emailing suppliers to chase up any invoices and obtaining delivery dates and update the system The successful candidate for the role of Account Manager will have: Previous experience within a telephone-based role; experience of upselling, cross selling or advising desirable Experience in a customer service focused role Experience working to targets and KPI's In return the Account Manager will receive a basic salary of £10,725pa with the opportunity to earn bonus on top (REALISTIC EARNINGS OF BETWEEN £16,000 and £17,000pa) and free car parking. My client is looking to interview as soon as possible. Please Note: We do not contact or write to unsuccessful candidates. If you have not heard anything from us within 48 hours of your application, you should presume that your application was unsuccessful. By applying for this vacancy, you are giving permission for Midas Recruitment to contact you and retain your details.7.5 Tonne Driver & FitterTc Group Birmingham, StaffordshireLocation: Coleshill, Birmingham Longevity: Permanent, Full Time Salary: £25,000 (potentially earning up to £32,000 with driver bonus & night out allowance) Benefits: 25 days holiday plus bank holidays (increasing to 30 days holiday with length of service), pension scheme, access to healthcare services, day off for your birthday and much more Hours: 48 hours per week Start Dates available: 2nd Decemeber 19 or 2nd January 20 Our Company: TC provides a wide range of office seating, desking, storage, conference and training furniture, exclusively through the trade, to clients across the UK and Europe. At TC, we have a simple philosophy - People are important. Whether it's the people who use our products, the people who sell them or the dedicated team working here - people are at the heart of our company. Job Purpose: As a driver, you must have a safe driving record, follow all national driving laws, rules, and regulations. In this position, you will follow prearranged routes to destinations or use maps and GPS to navigate routes. You will also maintain vehicle upkeep and cleanliness. Main Duties: Practice safe driving habits Follow all national safety regulations and standards Accurately follow routes, maps, and directions Keep exterior of vehicle clean and presentable Maintain vehicle equipment; replace oil, fill gas tank, perform general motor vehicle maintenance as needed for safety Clean windows, windshields, and mirrors as needed Keep interior of vehicle clean of debris and clutter Load and unload vehicle Complete documentation such as defect sheets Follow schedules and rerouting in a timely manner when faced with traffic or congestion Be courteous to all other road users Keep to the law regarding Tachograph legislation and speed limits etc Knowledge of products and how to assemble on Customer's premises Wear full uniform and safety boots at all times Sack barrows, ties and a complete tool box must be taken by the driver for each run Mobile phone must be in full working order at all time to be able to use the PDA and have immediate communication with the office when necessary Any other task the company requests of you To perform other reasonable tasks as and when required to do so. Skill and Experience Category C1 license essential Clean Driving license Demonstrate safe driving practices Able to follow verbal directions, read maps, follow GPS Able to work well in a team of 2 Keep to Customer Service Guidelines Full Driver CPC Qualifications Valid driver's license and clean driving record Must be able to pass criminal background check Previous professional experience driving preferred; training will be provided Personal Attributes Able to adapt to changing schedules or routines. Organised and able to follow a schedule Excellent time management skills Reliable and punctual with dedicated professionalism to job and duties Positive attitude and professional demeanour Desire to help the company achieve its goals. Physically able to lift and carry furniture and follow lifting and handling instructions Focused on customer service Liaises with: TC Despatch Dept Whilst we would love to respond to every single applicant applying to our roles, we are unable to reply to everyone due to the high number of CVs we receive on a daily basis. Please be aware that if you haven't been contacted within 10 working days then you have not been successful this time around. To review our GDPR policies please visit our websiteDec 29, 2019Full timeLocation: Coleshill, Birmingham Longevity: Permanent, Full Time Salary: £25,000 (potentially earning up to £32,000 with driver bonus & night out allowance) Benefits: 25 days holiday plus bank holidays (increasing to 30 days holiday with length of service), pension scheme, access to healthcare services, day off for your birthday and much more Hours: 48 hours per week Start Dates available: 2nd Decemeber 19 or 2nd January 20 Our Company: TC provides a wide range of office seating, desking, storage, conference and training furniture, exclusively through the trade, to clients across the UK and Europe. At TC, we have a simple philosophy - People are important. Whether it's the people who use our products, the people who sell them or the dedicated team working here - people are at the heart of our company. Job Purpose: As a driver, you must have a safe driving record, follow all national driving laws, rules, and regulations. In this position, you will follow prearranged routes to destinations or use maps and GPS to navigate routes. You will also maintain vehicle upkeep and cleanliness. Main Duties: Practice safe driving habits Follow all national safety regulations and standards Accurately follow routes, maps, and directions Keep exterior of vehicle clean and presentable Maintain vehicle equipment; replace oil, fill gas tank, perform general motor vehicle maintenance as needed for safety Clean windows, windshields, and mirrors as needed Keep interior of vehicle clean of debris and clutter Load and unload vehicle Complete documentation such as defect sheets Follow schedules and rerouting in a timely manner when faced with traffic or congestion Be courteous to all other road users Keep to the law regarding Tachograph legislation and speed limits etc Knowledge of products and how to assemble on Customer's premises Wear full uniform and safety boots at all times Sack barrows, ties and a complete tool box must be taken by the driver for each run Mobile phone must be in full working order at all time to be able to use the PDA and have immediate communication with the office when necessary Any other task the company requests of you To perform other reasonable tasks as and when required to do so. Skill and Experience Category C1 license essential Clean Driving license Demonstrate safe driving practices Able to follow verbal directions, read maps, follow GPS Able to work well in a team of 2 Keep to Customer Service Guidelines Full Driver CPC Qualifications Valid driver's license and clean driving record Must be able to pass criminal background check Previous professional experience driving preferred; training will be provided Personal Attributes Able to adapt to changing schedules or routines. Organised and able to follow a schedule Excellent time management skills Reliable and punctual with dedicated professionalism to job and duties Positive attitude and professional demeanour Desire to help the company achieve its goals. Physically able to lift and carry furniture and follow lifting and handling instructions Focused on customer service Liaises with: TC Despatch Dept Whilst we would love to respond to every single applicant applying to our roles, we are unable to reply to everyone due to the high number of CVs we receive on a daily basis. Please be aware that if you haven't been contacted within 10 working days then you have not been successful this time around. To review our GDPR policies please visit our websiteSenior Payroll AdministratorMeriden Media Birmingham, StaffordshireWe are now recruiting for Senior Payroll Administrators to work for a company who are a market leader in their chosen field of Payroll and Human Resources. These positions will be fixed term contracts for 12 months, with possible extensions for the right candidates. The main objectives of this position will be to take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times through accuracy and on time delivery of payrolls. You will be a dedicated point of contact for client allocation, providing clients and colleagues with support on payroll and payroll system issues. Key responsibilities of the Senior Payroll Administrator: Take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times. Review, develop and manage client accounts to enhance service delivery and increase business revenue. Deliver excellent service to internal and external clients, possessing the required account and payroll knowledge to fully support them. Be a 'go to' subject matter expert for specific payroll advice and guidance. Take full responsibility for all month end, yearend and P11d processing and reporting. Keep up-to-date with payroll legislation and terminology including SMP, SSP, Tax, NI, Court Orders and Attachments of Earnings. Complete weekly and monthly payrolls timely and accurately. Process all payroll related correspondence on a timely basis. Add/remove starters and leaves from payroll. Import timesheets into the payroll system. Process sick notes, SSP1 forms and MAT B1 forms. Process relevant payroll deductions. Amend bank details. Distribute payslips, P60'S, P45's and P46's and sending BACS. Provide maternity/paternity/adoption payment schedules. The successful candidate will have the following skills: Payroll experience and able to meet tight payroll deadlines. Strong organisation skills and attention to detail. Numerically astute. Proficiency in MS Office, including intermediate/advanced Excel. Be a self-starter. Excellent written and verbal communication. Previous experience of working in an outsourced environment. CIPP is desirable. Experience in managing large transition projects. This will be a super opportunity to join a business who are a standalone company and very proud of what they do. This is a fantastic place to work!Dec 29, 2019Full timeWe are now recruiting for Senior Payroll Administrators to work for a company who are a market leader in their chosen field of Payroll and Human Resources. These positions will be fixed term contracts for 12 months, with possible extensions for the right candidates. The main objectives of this position will be to take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times through accuracy and on time delivery of payrolls. You will be a dedicated point of contact for client allocation, providing clients and colleagues with support on payroll and payroll system issues. Key responsibilities of the Senior Payroll Administrator: Take responsibility and be accountable for an allocation of clients, ensuring service excellence at all times. Review, develop and manage client accounts to enhance service delivery and increase business revenue. Deliver excellent service to internal and external clients, possessing the required account and payroll knowledge to fully support them. Be a 'go to' subject matter expert for specific payroll advice and guidance. Take full responsibility for all month end, yearend and P11d processing and reporting. Keep up-to-date with payroll legislation and terminology including SMP, SSP, Tax, NI, Court Orders and Attachments of Earnings. Complete weekly and monthly payrolls timely and accurately. Process all payroll related correspondence on a timely basis. Add/remove starters and leaves from payroll. Import timesheets into the payroll system. Process sick notes, SSP1 forms and MAT B1 forms. Process relevant payroll deductions. Amend bank details. Distribute payslips, P60'S, P45's and P46's and sending BACS. Provide maternity/paternity/adoption payment schedules. The successful candidate will have the following skills: Payroll experience and able to meet tight payroll deadlines. Strong organisation skills and attention to detail. Numerically astute. Proficiency in MS Office, including intermediate/advanced Excel. Be a self-starter. Excellent written and verbal communication. Previous experience of working in an outsourced environment. CIPP is desirable. Experience in managing large transition projects. This will be a super opportunity to join a business who are a standalone company and very proud of what they do. This is a fantastic place to work!Supply Chain CoordinatorInplace Recruitment ltd Birmingham, StaffordshireSupply Chain Coordinator Coleshill £25,000 - £30,000 dependent on experience We are recruiting for a Supply Chain Coordinator to join a leading FMCG business in the West Midlands during an exciting period of expansion and growth. The ideal candidate would be educated to A Levels, equivalent or above, have at least 3+ years' in a similar role, and be able to communicate in a professional manner to all levels within the business. Responsibilities: Responsible for the delivery of performance targets of your category Ensuring maximum availability of products in store whilst minimising shrinkage Managing Inbound Supply and working collaboratively with the Warehouse Management team Working with 3rd party logistics to ensure timely delivery of stock Working collaboratively with the buying function Taking ownership in your specific area and managing the stock holding within budget Manage ordering and replenishment for Stores and Distribution, predicting, monitoring and reacting to availability Undertake re-ordering of stock into Distribution Centres and Stores in an efficient, accurate and planned manner minimising stock holding & shrinkage whilst ensuring availability on a given range of products Manage, enhance and develop relationships with suppliers in order to achieve strategic objectives Requirements: Educated to A Levels or above 3+ years' experience in a similar role Demonstrate understanding of supply chain management Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; specifically Excel and Word Confidence and the ability to communicate effectively with colleagues of all levels is key Ability to manage a varied workload, conflicting deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously Knowledge of Supply Chain systems (Demand Planning systems/TMS/WMS/Portals etc.) A desire for continued personal development At Inplace Recruitment we believe it is people that make the business succeed, the right people, expertly placed in the correct positions. We offer a thorough, professional service that is evidenced by our placement success rate. If you consider yourself to be experienced in any of the following them please apply; Logistics, Logistics Assistant, Supply Chain Assistant, Transport Planner, Transport Coordinator, Supply Chain, Freight Management, Excel. Due to the response to this position, please assume that you have been unsuccessful if you have not heard back from us within 7 days of your submitted application.Dec 29, 2019Full timeSupply Chain Coordinator Coleshill £25,000 - £30,000 dependent on experience We are recruiting for a Supply Chain Coordinator to join a leading FMCG business in the West Midlands during an exciting period of expansion and growth. The ideal candidate would be educated to A Levels, equivalent or above, have at least 3+ years' in a similar role, and be able to communicate in a professional manner to all levels within the business. Responsibilities: Responsible for the delivery of performance targets of your category Ensuring maximum availability of products in store whilst minimising shrinkage Managing Inbound Supply and working collaboratively with the Warehouse Management team Working with 3rd party logistics to ensure timely delivery of stock Working collaboratively with the buying function Taking ownership in your specific area and managing the stock holding within budget Manage ordering and replenishment for Stores and Distribution, predicting, monitoring and reacting to availability Undertake re-ordering of stock into Distribution Centres and Stores in an efficient, accurate and planned manner minimising stock holding & shrinkage whilst ensuring availability on a given range of products Manage, enhance and develop relationships with suppliers in order to achieve strategic objectives Requirements: Educated to A Levels or above 3+ years' experience in a similar role Demonstrate understanding of supply chain management Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; specifically Excel and Word Confidence and the ability to communicate effectively with colleagues of all levels is key Ability to manage a varied workload, conflicting deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously Knowledge of Supply Chain systems (Demand Planning systems/TMS/WMS/Portals etc.) A desire for continued personal development At Inplace Recruitment we believe it is people that make the business succeed, the right people, expertly placed in the correct positions. We offer a thorough, professional service that is evidenced by our placement success rate. If you consider yourself to be experienced in any of the following them please apply; Logistics, Logistics Assistant, Supply Chain Assistant, Transport Planner, Transport Coordinator, Supply Chain, Freight Management, Excel. Due to the response to this position, please assume that you have been unsuccessful if you have not heard back from us within 7 days of your submitted application.Customs BrokerLEMON TREE RECRUIT LTD Birmingham, StaffordshireA multinational freight forwarder based in Birmingham is now seeking a customs broker to join their established team. They pride their company on their training and their internal promotion scheme. Training is usually provided via various different methods, such as on the job, classroom style, computer based and on the job. The role is focused on ocean inbound declarations. To be a successful candidate you must have current experience and are able to work in a fast paced environment. Salary is dependent on experienceDec 29, 2019Full timeA multinational freight forwarder based in Birmingham is now seeking a customs broker to join their established team. They pride their company on their training and their internal promotion scheme. Training is usually provided via various different methods, such as on the job, classroom style, computer based and on the job. The role is focused on ocean inbound declarations. To be a successful candidate you must have current experience and are able to work in a fast paced environment. Salary is dependent on experiencePrincipal and Associate Planner (Birmingham)Beach Baker Property Recruitment Birmingham, StaffordshireAre you a chartered town planner in Birmingham looking for a rewarding role with plenty of variety, large scale projects and flexible working as standard? A market leading firm are expanding their planning team and are looking for a Principal planner and an Associate to join them, based in their city centre office. This firm are offering an incredible variety of work ranging from city centre regeneration and commercial/mixed-use schemes as well as residential/strategic sites, education and industrial/logistics work. They also have robust framework agreements with the likes of Homes England, MoD and various universities that give an interesting and varied workload. Projects range in scale but include a lot of large scale schemes so you will have excellent exposure to really nice sites and clients as well as giving you the CPD and support you need to progress quickly. We are looking for MRTPI qualified planners operating around the Principal or Associate level. We are looking for two people around this level. You will ideally have some consultancy experience but local authority backgrounds from the Midlands region will also be considered for the Principal role. The roles offer both development management led work and more policy/evidence based work so again good variety, we would be looking for experience in both areas ideally. At Associate level you will be able to demonstrate a good contact base and have business development as a regular part of your role. At Principal level you will be establishing your contact base and doing some business development activities. Both levels should be comfortable leading on medium-large scale projects. The team are very sociable and active in the industry networking circles, it is a fun place to work as well as rewarding and an excellent name for your CV. They are also great with flexible and agile working, being one of the first bigger names to provide this as standard. These are ideally full-time positions but we would consider a reduced week for the right candidates. You will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package including benefits such as car/allowance, private health care, life assurance, enhanced pension plus a strong bonus scheme. To confidentially apply for this role please contact Ruth Hoggett (). By clicking apply, please be assured that your CV will not be sent to the client until you have been fully briefed on the role and given permission for us to do so. We will confidentially retain your details and inform you of any other suitable opportunities arising should you not be successful in this role.Dec 29, 2019Full timeAre you a chartered town planner in Birmingham looking for a rewarding role with plenty of variety, large scale projects and flexible working as standard? A market leading firm are expanding their planning team and are looking for a Principal planner and an Associate to join them, based in their city centre office. This firm are offering an incredible variety of work ranging from city centre regeneration and commercial/mixed-use schemes as well as residential/strategic sites, education and industrial/logistics work. They also have robust framework agreements with the likes of Homes England, MoD and various universities that give an interesting and varied workload. Projects range in scale but include a lot of large scale schemes so you will have excellent exposure to really nice sites and clients as well as giving you the CPD and support you need to progress quickly. We are looking for MRTPI qualified planners operating around the Principal or Associate level. We are looking for two people around this level. You will ideally have some consultancy experience but local authority backgrounds from the Midlands region will also be considered for the Principal role. The roles offer both development management led work and more policy/evidence based work so again good variety, we would be looking for experience in both areas ideally. At Associate level you will be able to demonstrate a good contact base and have business development as a regular part of your role. At Principal level you will be establishing your contact base and doing some business development activities. Both levels should be comfortable leading on medium-large scale projects. The team are very sociable and active in the industry networking circles, it is a fun place to work as well as rewarding and an excellent name for your CV. They are also great with flexible and agile working, being one of the first bigger names to provide this as standard. These are ideally full-time positions but we would consider a reduced week for the right candidates. You will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package including benefits such as car/allowance, private health care, life assurance, enhanced pension plus a strong bonus scheme. To confidentially apply for this role please contact Ruth Hoggett (). By clicking apply, please be assured that your CV will not be sent to the client until you have been fully briefed on the role and given permission for us to do so. We will confidentially retain your details and inform you of any other suitable opportunities arising should you not be successful in this role.Technical Support AdvisorTrakm8 Birmingham, StaffordshireTechnical Support Advisor Coleshill, Warwickshire 17k-18k + (25 days holiday, Pension and life Assurance) Headquartered in Coleshill, West Midlands with a full manufacturing facility Trakm8 is a UK based technology leader in fleet management, insurance telematics, optimization and dashboard camera systems. Through IP owned technology, the Group analyses data collected by its installed base of telematics units to fine tune the algorithms that are used to produce its telematics based solutions; these score driver behaviour, monitor vehicle health and continuously improve the security and operational efficiency of both private drivers and company fleets.Trakm8 has been listed on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange since 2005. The Role: * Handle all resolve inbound and outbound technical issues from installers and customers usually via the telephone or email * Log all incidents on the ticketing system and follow through to successful completion * Comply with customer service level agreements * Liaise with other internal departments such a sales support, engineering and manufacturing to resolve any customer related problems The Person: * Previous experience of working in a technical support at both 1st and 2nd line level within a call centre environment * Experience of solving technical problems related to software and hardware products * Excellent customer service skills - both written and verbal * Capable of working under pressure and prioritising workload * Good attention to detail - making sure all issues are logged on company CRM and followed through * Competent user of Microsoft Office * Willing to undertake shift or on call work if required Desirable Skills: * Knowledge of telematics hardware and softwareDec 29, 2019Full timeTechnical Support Advisor Coleshill, Warwickshire 17k-18k + (25 days holiday, Pension and life Assurance) Headquartered in Coleshill, West Midlands with a full manufacturing facility Trakm8 is a UK based technology leader in fleet management, insurance telematics, optimization and dashboard camera systems. Through IP owned technology, the Group analyses data collected by its installed base of telematics units to fine tune the algorithms that are used to produce its telematics based solutions; these score driver behaviour, monitor vehicle health and continuously improve the security and operational efficiency of both private drivers and company fleets.Trakm8 has been listed on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange since 2005. The Role: * Handle all resolve inbound and outbound technical issues from installers and customers usually via the telephone or email * Log all incidents on the ticketing system and follow through to successful completion * Comply with customer service level agreements * Liaise with other internal departments such a sales support, engineering and manufacturing to resolve any customer related problems The Person: * Previous experience of working in a technical support at both 1st and 2nd line level within a call centre environment * Experience of solving technical problems related to software and hardware products * Excellent customer service skills - both written and verbal * Capable of working under pressure and prioritising workload * Good attention to detail - making sure all issues are logged on company CRM and followed through * Competent user of Microsoft Office * Willing to undertake shift or on call work if required Desirable Skills: * Knowledge of telematics hardware and softwareLoad moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedInParent and Partner sites: IT Job Board | Construction Job Board | Right Talent | Jobs near me India | Part time jobs near me | Jobs near me USA© 2008-2021 Search Jobs Near Me"
