"Line Server/Short-Order Cook - Northeast Location - Columbia, SC - Lizard's Thicket JobsHomeJobsLine Server/Short-Order Cook - Northeast Location - Columbia, SCToggle navigationLine Server/Short-Order Cook - Northeast LocationJobsLogin02-Dec-2020 to 02-Mar-2021 (EST)Columbia, SC, USA$8.50 - $11.50HourlyFull Time & Part Time All ShiftsEmail Me Similar Jobs	Email Me This JobLizard's Thicket is looking to hire a full or part-time Line Server / Short-Order Cook to help our kitchen staff prepare delicious food for our loyal customers at our Northeast location. Are you a customer service rock star who loves country cooking and can contribute to our kitchen team? Are you interested in getting started with a family-friendly restaurant that cares about its employees and values your time and hard work? If so, please read on!This Line Server / Short-Order Cook position pays a competitive wage depending on skills and experience. We are pleased to offer a variety of excellent benefits to all of our eligible full-time employees including medical, dental, vision and a FREE $15,000 life insurance policy after a 60-90 day period, and paid vacation/PTO. We also offer supplemental insurance benefits, an 8% discount on all Verizon Wireless plans, an employee referral bonus, discounted meals, and the ability to be paid on a daily basis for all employees, full or part-time!ABOUT LIZARD'S THICKETIn 1977, in a home on Broad River Road in Columbia, S.C, Bob and Anna Williams opened the very first Lizard's Thicket. The phrase \"home cooking\" is exacting! All of our Lizard's Thicket meals were based on Anna's own recipes. In the past forty years, we have grown to 15 locations with over 700 employees! We still pride ourselves on being a place where families and groups of friends can gather for a hearty, southern cooked meal and catch up on their days. To this day, we are still owned and operated by Bob and Anna's children and grandchildren.At Lizard's Thicket, we value our staff members and consider them to be one of the most important assets of our business. We offer competitive pay and robust benefits and consider the health and well-being of our staff members to be one of our highest priorities.A DAY IN THE LIFE AS A LINE SERVER / SHORT-ORDER COOKAs a Line Server / Short-Order Cook in Lizard's Thicket's kitchen, you are passionate about good food and exceeding our customer's expectations. You carefully assemble plates of food based on the tickets generated from the customer's orders entered by your Front of the House teammates. You work hard to ensure that the portion and presentation of the food on the plates are consistent and that it is ready in an efficient and timely manner. Proper storage, handling, and inspecting serving areas regularly to ensure safe, sanitary food-handling practices are a part of your everyday routine. Your attention to detail and commitment to customer service ensures that our customers enjoy a quality experience that keeps them coming back for more. You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment where you are never bored and time goes by quickly.QUALIFICATIONSHigh school diploma or equivalentExperience as a line server or in a relevant role is preferredDo you like to cook? Are you comfortable in the kitchen? Do you work well as part of a team? Do you have excellent customer service skills? Do you have good communication skills and the ability to memorize information easily? Can you read and follow directions well? Are you able to work independently and make sound judgment calls when appropriate? Are you flexible? Are you dependable? Are you quick on your feet and able to work in a fast-paced environment? Can you present a professional and well-kept appearance? If so, then you might just be perfect for this Line Server / Short-Order Cook position!WORK SCHEDULEThis Line Server / Short-Order Cook position is full or part-time and has AM or PM shifts available. The nature of our industry requires working some holidays and all weekends.ARE YOU READY TO JOIN OUR TEAM?We understand your time is valuable and that is why we have a very quick and easy application process. If you feel that you would be right for the Line Server / Short-Order Cook position, please fill out our initial 3-minute, mobile-friendly application so that we can review your information. We look forward to meeting you!Lizard's Thicket https://lizardsthicket.applicantpro.com. Yes, I agree to be contacted by text messages No, I do not agree to receive text messagesI agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.*Apply for this PositionApply for this PositionSign Up For Job Alerts!Follow Jobs:Share This PageHiring Software Maintained by ApplicantPro - © 2021RefreshSearch the FAQ hereGoCommon Questions"
