"Work From Home Jobs in Phoenix | HEA-Employment.comHomeFor CandidatesSearch JobsAdd a ResumeCandidate DashboardMy Job AlertsMy BookmarksMy ApplicationsJob Placement AssistanceProfessional Resume ServicesFor EmployersSearch ResumesAdd a JobEmployer DashboardBlogWrite For UsSubmit Your ArticleSubmission GuidelinesSign inSign upHomeFor CandidatesSearch JobsAdd a ResumeCandidate DashboardMy Job AlertsMy BookmarksMy ApplicationsJob Placement AssistanceProfessional Resume ServicesFor EmployersSearch ResumesAdd a JobEmployer DashboardBlogWrite For UsSubmit Your ArticleSubmission GuidelinesModal titleClosework from home jobs found in phoenixRemote Hotline AgentHEA Remote (Anywhere)Whether you are looking for a second job, need part-time work while in school or would like to establish yourself with one company, we are the place for you. Our Emergency Road Service department is looking for telecommuting agents. We are looking for dedicated, enthusiastic team members with a positive attitude. As a tele-commuting Hotline Agent, you will answer incoming calls in your own home from Customers in need of emergency road service. After gathering detailed information, you will dispatch calls to the appropriate shop or service providers who will assist the Customer. The Emergency Road Service/ Customer Service Department is open 24 hours per day, seven days per week. We offer flexible work schedules, paid training, part-time positions. Applicants should have good verbal skills, computer and internet knowledge, a clear speaking voice and general knowledge of United States geography. When working from home you must have a reliable cable or DSL broadband internet connection and you must purchase your own headset.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWhether you are looking for a second job, need part-time work while in school or would like to establish yourself with one company, we are the place for you. Our Emergency Road Service department is looking for telecommuting agents. We are looking for dedicated, enthusiastic team members with a positive attitude. As a tele-commuting Hotline Agent, you will answer incoming calls in your own home from Customers in need of emergency road service. After gathering detailed information, you will dispatch calls to the appropriate shop or service providers who will assist the Customer. The Emergency Road Service/ Customer Service Department is open 24 hours per day, seven days per week. We offer flexible work schedules, paid training, part-time positions. Applicants should have good verbal skills, computer and internet knowledge, a clear speaking voice and general knowledge of United States geography. When working from home you must have a reliable cable or DSL broadband internet connection and you must purchase your own headset.Online SurveyorHEA Remote (Anywhere)Which color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered. Which color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWhich color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered. Which color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are looking for looking for humorous greeting card and notepad ideas that appeal to a range of ages and interests. TALK IT UP: Because cards and pads are sent from one person to another as a greeting or message, they should read the way people really talk. When you write a line, imagine that you are speaking to a family member or friend. Then ask yourself, Would I buy this card to send to these people? MAKE IT FUNNY: If you find yourself wondering whether a line is funny or not, read it to a few friends and see if they laugh. From a creative perspective, go wild. Keep in mind your target list of people you send cards to. Make sure your ideas are sendable - not only to friends and family, but also general enough to send to lots of people. In other words, do not be too specific. A PICTURE IS WORTH A 1000 WORDS...BUT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO DRAW: Cards that depend on a visual or photo are becoming a significant part of our line. It is not necessary to draw your visuals, but you do have to be able to describe them in words. Keep it short and understandable. A REASON TO SEND A CARD: Card ideas need to be written for these occasions: Birthday, 21st, 30th, 40th, 50th & 60th, Relative Birthday, Belated Birthday, Get Well, Good-Bye, Miss You & Thank You, Love, Wedding, New Baby, Anniversary (from friend to couple), Congratulations & Retirement.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are looking for looking for humorous greeting card and notepad ideas that appeal to a range of ages and interests. TALK IT UP: Because cards and pads are sent from one person to another as a greeting or message, they should read the way people really talk. When you write a line, imagine that you are speaking to a family member or friend. Then ask yourself, Would I buy this card to send to these people? MAKE IT FUNNY: If you find yourself wondering whether a line is funny or not, read it to a few friends and see if they laugh. From a creative perspective, go wild. Keep in mind your target list of people you send cards to. Make sure your ideas are sendable - not only to friends and family, but also general enough to send to lots of people. In other words, do not be too specific. A PICTURE IS WORTH A 1000 WORDS...BUT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO DRAW: Cards that depend on a visual or photo are becoming a significant part of our line. It is not necessary to draw your visuals, but you do have to be able to describe them in words. Keep it short and understandable. A REASON TO SEND A CARD: Card ideas need to be written for these occasions: Birthday, 21st, 30th, 40th, 50th & 60th, Relative Birthday, Belated Birthday, Get Well, Good-Bye, Miss You & Thank You, Love, Wedding, New Baby, Anniversary (from friend to couple), Congratulations & Retirement.Online TutorHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are hiring motivated individuals to serve as part-time tutors. The major responsibility is tutoring students of varying abilities and ages; however, responsibilities may include assisting in the training and mentoring of new tutors. Candidates can work from any place where they have computer and Internet access. All tutors must successfully complete E-structor Certification - an online, discipline specific training program. The training programs are 10-15 hours in length. They consist of self-paced and guided online modules which are facilitated through our website.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are hiring motivated individuals to serve as part-time tutors. The major responsibility is tutoring students of varying abilities and ages; however, responsibilities may include assisting in the training and mentoring of new tutors. Candidates can work from any place where they have computer and Internet access. All tutors must successfully complete E-structor Certification - an online, discipline specific training program. The training programs are 10-15 hours in length. They consist of self-paced and guided online modules which are facilitated through our website.Remote Medical TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)Transcribe office dictation for cardiologists. You will have the same physician daily. Hardware/Software: Word. FTP site with wave pedal. DSL or cable modem required. Compensation Information: 7 to 8 cents per 65 character line. Experience: 2 years as a transcriptionist.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTranscribe office dictation for cardiologists. You will have the same physician daily. Hardware/Software: Word. FTP site with wave pedal. DSL or cable modem required. Compensation Information: 7 to 8 cents per 65 character line. Experience: 2 years as a transcriptionist.Remote Site ReviewerHEA Remote (Anywhere)Site reviews are required as part of the provider credentialing process to determine if a provider office satisfies a set of specific standards set by various governing bodies including NCQA, state and federal authorities. Health plans must complete a site review within a specified period of time for each provider as they apply to become a part of the network. We engage qualified field technicians to contact provider offices and schedule an appointment to conduct the site visit. The field technician will meet with a representative at the providers office (typically the Office Manager) to conduct the review, and will then submit a completed report to us. Site visits typically take between 30 and 60 minutes to complete (excluding drive time). Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Have reliable transportation. Have valid drivers license and current insurance. Have professional appearance. Have exemplary customer service skills. Have the ability to effectively deal with conflict. Have flexible schedule on demand with one to two days notice. Can effectively communicate through email and on the phone. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeSite reviews are required as part of the provider credentialing process to determine if a provider office satisfies a set of specific standards set by various governing bodies including NCQA, state and federal authorities. Health plans must complete a site review within a specified period of time for each provider as they apply to become a part of the network. We engage qualified field technicians to contact provider offices and schedule an appointment to conduct the site visit. The field technician will meet with a representative at the providers office (typically the Office Manager) to conduct the review, and will then submit a completed report to us. Site visits typically take between 30 and 60 minutes to complete (excluding drive time). Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Have reliable transportation. Have valid drivers license and current insurance. Have professional appearance. Have exemplary customer service skills. Have the ability to effectively deal with conflict. Have flexible schedule on demand with one to two days notice. Can effectively communicate through email and on the phone. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information.Remote Chart RetrieverHEA Remote (Anywhere)Technicians travel to area health care provider facilities to scan medical records. Please be committed to working when needed and adhering to strict deadlines. Our goal is to provide the most professional service with a quick turnaround time for our clients. Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Dress and act in a professional manner. Have knowledge of medical terminology. Have experience working with medical charts. Have excellent computer skills. Have access to high speed wireless internet connection. Have strong communication and organizational skills. Have the ability to work independently and adhere to deadlines. Have reliable transportation. Have valid Drivers License and insurance. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information. Will adhere to ECS HIPAA Security Policies.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTechnicians travel to area health care provider facilities to scan medical records. Please be committed to working when needed and adhering to strict deadlines. Our goal is to provide the most professional service with a quick turnaround time for our clients. Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Dress and act in a professional manner. Have knowledge of medical terminology. Have experience working with medical charts. Have excellent computer skills. Have access to high speed wireless internet connection. Have strong communication and organizational skills. Have the ability to work independently and adhere to deadlines. Have reliable transportation. Have valid Drivers License and insurance. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information. Will adhere to ECS HIPAA Security Policies.Remote SeamstressHEA Remote (Anywhere)Tailor, Seamstress, Alternations person needed. Full time or part time. $ 8.00 to $9.00/hour. Experience required.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTailor, Seamstress, Alternations person needed. Full time or part time. $ 8.00 to $9.00/hour. Experience required.Remote TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)Electronic court reporting is an exciting and fast-paced career with unlimited growth potential. As a court reporter, you will sit in on legal proceedings, depositions, meetings, interviews and other exciting events that are generally closed to the public. Your job will include the setup and monitoring of digital voice and video recording equipment and the operation of the latest tools in the electronic court reporting industry. During the proceeding, you will oversee the recording to digital format and will create detailed log files of the record. We are looking for legal professionals with a desire to work for themselves. As a transcriber for A/V Tronics, you will work as an independent contractor and develop your own business. This position is available anywhere in the United States! All assignments are distributed over the internet, allowing nationwide access. For transcription, you must own your own equipment as follows: Personal Computer with USB ports (PC, not Macintosh). 1.7 Ghz or greater Athlon or Pentium CPU (Celeron/Duron 2.6Ghz+) 256MB or greater RAM. Microsoft Word 2000 or higher. A high speed internet connection only (You cannot use dial-up). A reliable email account that can accept attachments. A CD-RW or any drive capable of burning CD-Roms. A modern sound card. An AGP video card with at least 32MB of RAM. Windows XP (98, NT, 2000 are NOT supported). (Equipment purchases may be necessary, such as foot pedals, headphones, etc.). Our success in all areas depends on our ability to satisfy customers. We pride ourselves on consistently providing our clients with the highest quality service possible. That is why we stress attention to detail, accuracy and quality. We evaluate the following requirements from individuals requesting to work for us: Attention to detail. Quality of work. The ability to work under pressure. The ability to meet deadlines. Prior experience in the legal industry. Experience with computers. You should be able to type at least 75+ WPM. You must have a good grasp of the English language. Previous reporting or transcription experience is a plus.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeElectronic court reporting is an exciting and fast-paced career with unlimited growth potential. As a court reporter, you will sit in on legal proceedings, depositions, meetings, interviews and other exciting events that are generally closed to the public. Your job will include the setup and monitoring of digital voice and video recording equipment and the operation of the latest tools in the electronic court reporting industry. During the proceeding, you will oversee the recording to digital format and will create detailed log files of the record. We are looking for legal professionals with a desire to work for themselves. As a transcriber for A/V Tronics, you will work as an independent contractor and develop your own business. This position is available anywhere in the United States! All assignments are distributed over the internet, allowing nationwide access. For transcription, you must own your own equipment as follows: Personal Computer with USB ports (PC, not Macintosh). 1.7 Ghz or greater Athlon or Pentium CPU (Celeron/Duron 2.6Ghz+) 256MB or greater RAM. Microsoft Word 2000 or higher. A high speed internet connection only (You cannot use dial-up). A reliable email account that can accept attachments. A CD-RW or any drive capable of burning CD-Roms. A modern sound card. An AGP video card with at least 32MB of RAM. Windows XP (98, NT, 2000 are NOT supported). (Equipment purchases may be necessary, such as foot pedals, headphones, etc.). Our success in all areas depends on our ability to satisfy customers. We pride ourselves on consistently providing our clients with the highest quality service possible. That is why we stress attention to detail, accuracy and quality. We evaluate the following requirements from individuals requesting to work for us: Attention to detail. Quality of work. The ability to work under pressure. The ability to meet deadlines. Prior experience in the legal industry. Experience with computers. You should be able to type at least 75+ WPM. You must have a good grasp of the English language. Previous reporting or transcription experience is a plus.Online SurveyorHEA Remote (Anywhere)Which color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered. Which color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWhich color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered. Which color looks better? What should they name it? What should the packaging look like? Is it better than what is already out there? Which features are important to you? How much should it cost? What should the commercial look like? By taking the time to participate in our surveys, you have the power to let companies know exactly what you think. This helps you, the consumer, develop and improve products and services offered.Remote Hotline AgentHEA Remote (Anywhere)Whether you are looking for a second job, need part-time work while in school or would like to establish yourself with one company, we are the place for you. Our Emergency Road Service department is looking for telecommuting agents. We are looking for dedicated, enthusiastic team members with a positive attitude. As a tele-commuting Hotline Agent, you will answer incoming calls in your own home from Customers in need of emergency road service. After gathering detailed information, you will dispatch calls to the appropriate shop or service providers who will assist the Customer. The Emergency Road Service/ Customer Service Department is open 24 hours per day, seven days per week. We offer flexible work schedules, paid training, part-time positions. Applicants should have good verbal skills, computer and internet knowledge, a clear speaking voice and general knowledge of United States geography. When working from home you must have a reliable cable or DSL broadband internet connection and you must purchase your own headset.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWhether you are looking for a second job, need part-time work while in school or would like to establish yourself with one company, we are the place for you. Our Emergency Road Service department is looking for telecommuting agents. We are looking for dedicated, enthusiastic team members with a positive attitude. As a tele-commuting Hotline Agent, you will answer incoming calls in your own home from Customers in need of emergency road service. After gathering detailed information, you will dispatch calls to the appropriate shop or service providers who will assist the Customer. The Emergency Road Service/ Customer Service Department is open 24 hours per day, seven days per week. We offer flexible work schedules, paid training, part-time positions. Applicants should have good verbal skills, computer and internet knowledge, a clear speaking voice and general knowledge of United States geography. When working from home you must have a reliable cable or DSL broadband internet connection and you must purchase your own headset.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are looking for looking for humorous greeting card and notepad ideas that appeal to a range of ages and interests. TALK IT UP: Because cards and pads are sent from one person to another as a greeting or message, they should read the way people really talk. When you write a line, imagine that you are speaking to a family member or friend. Then ask yourself, Would I buy this card to send to these people? MAKE IT FUNNY: If you find yourself wondering whether a line is funny or not, read it to a few friends and see if they laugh. From a creative perspective, go wild. Keep in mind your target list of people you send cards to. Make sure your ideas are sendable - not only to friends and family, but also general enough to send to lots of people. In other words, do not be too specific. A PICTURE IS WORTH A 1000 WORDS...BUT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO DRAW: Cards that depend on a visual or photo are becoming a significant part of our line. It is not necessary to draw your visuals, but you do have to be able to describe them in words. Keep it short and understandable. A REASON TO SEND A CARD: Card ideas need to be written for these occasions: Birthday, 21st, 30th, 40th, 50th & 60th, Relative Birthday, Belated Birthday, Get Well, Good-Bye, Miss You & Thank You, Love, Wedding, New Baby, Anniversary (from friend to couple), Congratulations & Retirement.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are looking for looking for humorous greeting card and notepad ideas that appeal to a range of ages and interests. TALK IT UP: Because cards and pads are sent from one person to another as a greeting or message, they should read the way people really talk. When you write a line, imagine that you are speaking to a family member or friend. Then ask yourself, Would I buy this card to send to these people? MAKE IT FUNNY: If you find yourself wondering whether a line is funny or not, read it to a few friends and see if they laugh. From a creative perspective, go wild. Keep in mind your target list of people you send cards to. Make sure your ideas are sendable - not only to friends and family, but also general enough to send to lots of people. In other words, do not be too specific. A PICTURE IS WORTH A 1000 WORDS...BUT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO DRAW: Cards that depend on a visual or photo are becoming a significant part of our line. It is not necessary to draw your visuals, but you do have to be able to describe them in words. Keep it short and understandable. A REASON TO SEND A CARD: Card ideas need to be written for these occasions: Birthday, 21st, 30th, 40th, 50th & 60th, Relative Birthday, Belated Birthday, Get Well, Good-Bye, Miss You & Thank You, Love, Wedding, New Baby, Anniversary (from friend to couple), Congratulations & Retirement.Online TutorHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are hiring motivated individuals to serve as part-time tutors. The major responsibility is tutoring students of varying abilities and ages; however, responsibilities may include assisting in the training and mentoring of new tutors. Candidates can work from any place where they have computer and Internet access. All tutors must successfully complete E-structor Certification - an online, discipline specific training program. The training programs are 10-15 hours in length. They consist of self-paced and guided online modules which are facilitated through our website.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are hiring motivated individuals to serve as part-time tutors. The major responsibility is tutoring students of varying abilities and ages; however, responsibilities may include assisting in the training and mentoring of new tutors. Candidates can work from any place where they have computer and Internet access. All tutors must successfully complete E-structor Certification - an online, discipline specific training program. The training programs are 10-15 hours in length. They consist of self-paced and guided online modules which are facilitated through our website.Remote Medical TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)Transcribe office dictation for cardiologists. You will have the same physician daily. Hardware/Software: Word. FTP site with wave pedal. DSL or cable modem required. Compensation Information: 7 to 8 cents per 65 character line. Experience: 2 years as a transcriptionist.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTranscribe office dictation for cardiologists. You will have the same physician daily. Hardware/Software: Word. FTP site with wave pedal. DSL or cable modem required. Compensation Information: 7 to 8 cents per 65 character line. Experience: 2 years as a transcriptionist.Remote Site ReviewerHEA Remote (Anywhere)Site reviews are required as part of the provider credentialing process to determine if a provider office satisfies a set of specific standards set by various governing bodies including NCQA, state and federal authorities. Health plans must complete a site review within a specified period of time for each provider as they apply to become a part of the network. We engage qualified field technicians to contact provider offices and schedule an appointment to conduct the site visit. The field technician will meet with a representative at the providers office (typically the Office Manager) to conduct the review, and will then submit a completed report to us. Site visits typically take between 30 and 60 minutes to complete (excluding drive time). Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Have reliable transportation. Have valid drivers license and current insurance. Have professional appearance. Have exemplary customer service skills. Have the ability to effectively deal with conflict. Have flexible schedule on demand with one to two days notice. Can effectively communicate through email and on the phone. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeSite reviews are required as part of the provider credentialing process to determine if a provider office satisfies a set of specific standards set by various governing bodies including NCQA, state and federal authorities. Health plans must complete a site review within a specified period of time for each provider as they apply to become a part of the network. We engage qualified field technicians to contact provider offices and schedule an appointment to conduct the site visit. The field technician will meet with a representative at the providers office (typically the Office Manager) to conduct the review, and will then submit a completed report to us. Site visits typically take between 30 and 60 minutes to complete (excluding drive time). Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Have reliable transportation. Have valid drivers license and current insurance. Have professional appearance. Have exemplary customer service skills. Have the ability to effectively deal with conflict. Have flexible schedule on demand with one to two days notice. Can effectively communicate through email and on the phone. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information.Remote SeamstressHEA Remote (Anywhere)Tailor, Seamstress, Alternations person needed. Full time or part time. $ 8.00 to $9.00/hour. Experience required.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTailor, Seamstress, Alternations person needed. Full time or part time. $ 8.00 to $9.00/hour. Experience required.Remote Chart RetrieverHEA Remote (Anywhere)Technicians travel to area health care provider facilities to scan medical records. Please be committed to working when needed and adhering to strict deadlines. Our goal is to provide the most professional service with a quick turnaround time for our clients. Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Dress and act in a professional manner. Have knowledge of medical terminology. Have experience working with medical charts. Have excellent computer skills. Have access to high speed wireless internet connection. Have strong communication and organizational skills. Have the ability to work independently and adhere to deadlines. Have reliable transportation. Have valid Drivers License and insurance. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information. Will adhere to ECS HIPAA Security Policies.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTechnicians travel to area health care provider facilities to scan medical records. Please be committed to working when needed and adhering to strict deadlines. Our goal is to provide the most professional service with a quick turnaround time for our clients. Hours are flexible and will vary. We are responding to the increasing demand for our services throughout the United States, and are looking for high caliber individuals with health care or medical insurance experience. If you meet our requirements and are looking for an opportunity to supplement your income with flexible work for our growing national company, we want to hear from you. Job requirements are as follows: Dress and act in a professional manner. Have knowledge of medical terminology. Have experience working with medical charts. Have excellent computer skills. Have access to high speed wireless internet connection. Have strong communication and organizational skills. Have the ability to work independently and adhere to deadlines. Have reliable transportation. Have valid Drivers License and insurance. Will maintain strict confidentiality of all client information. Will adhere to ECS HIPAA Security Policies.Remote TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)Electronic court reporting is an exciting and fast-paced career with unlimited growth potential. As a court reporter, you will sit in on legal proceedings, depositions, meetings, interviews and other exciting events that are generally closed to the public. Your job will include the setup and monitoring of digital voice and video recording equipment and the operation of the latest tools in the electronic court reporting industry. During the proceeding, you will oversee the recording to digital format and will create detailed log files of the record. We are looking for legal professionals with a desire to work for themselves. As a transcriber for A/V Tronics, you will work as an independent contractor and develop your own business. This position is available anywhere in the United States! All assignments are distributed over the internet, allowing nationwide access. For transcription, you must own your own equipment as follows: Personal Computer with USB ports (PC, not Macintosh). 1.7 Ghz or greater Athlon or Pentium CPU (Celeron/Duron 2.6Ghz+) 256MB or greater RAM. Microsoft Word 2000 or higher. A high speed internet connection only (You cannot use dial-up). A reliable email account that can accept attachments. A CD-RW or any drive capable of burning CD-Roms. A modern sound card. An AGP video card with at least 32MB of RAM. Windows XP (98, NT, 2000 are NOT supported). (Equipment purchases may be necessary, such as foot pedals, headphones, etc.). Our success in all areas depends on our ability to satisfy customers. We pride ourselves on consistently providing our clients with the highest quality service possible. That is why we stress attention to detail, accuracy and quality. We evaluate the following requirements from individuals requesting to work for us: Attention to detail. Quality of work. The ability to work under pressure. The ability to meet deadlines. Prior experience in the legal industry. Experience with computers. You should be able to type at least 75+ WPM. You must have a good grasp of the English language. Previous reporting or transcription experience is a plus.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeElectronic court reporting is an exciting and fast-paced career with unlimited growth potential. As a court reporter, you will sit in on legal proceedings, depositions, meetings, interviews and other exciting events that are generally closed to the public. Your job will include the setup and monitoring of digital voice and video recording equipment and the operation of the latest tools in the electronic court reporting industry. During the proceeding, you will oversee the recording to digital format and will create detailed log files of the record. We are looking for legal professionals with a desire to work for themselves. As a transcriber for A/V Tronics, you will work as an independent contractor and develop your own business. This position is available anywhere in the United States! All assignments are distributed over the internet, allowing nationwide access. For transcription, you must own your own equipment as follows: Personal Computer with USB ports (PC, not Macintosh). 1.7 Ghz or greater Athlon or Pentium CPU (Celeron/Duron 2.6Ghz+) 256MB or greater RAM. Microsoft Word 2000 or higher. A high speed internet connection only (You cannot use dial-up). A reliable email account that can accept attachments. A CD-RW or any drive capable of burning CD-Roms. A modern sound card. An AGP video card with at least 32MB of RAM. Windows XP (98, NT, 2000 are NOT supported). (Equipment purchases may be necessary, such as foot pedals, headphones, etc.). Our success in all areas depends on our ability to satisfy customers. We pride ourselves on consistently providing our clients with the highest quality service possible. That is why we stress attention to detail, accuracy and quality. We evaluate the following requirements from individuals requesting to work for us: Attention to detail. Quality of work. The ability to work under pressure. The ability to meet deadlines. Prior experience in the legal industry. Experience with computers. You should be able to type at least 75+ WPM. You must have a good grasp of the English language. Previous reporting or transcription experience is a plus.Load moreHomeAbout UsContact UsWork for UsHelp/FAQsTestimonialsPartnership InfoAdvertising InfoAffiliate InfoTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyPress ReleasesSitemapJob SeekerFind JobsPost a ResumeSign InCreate AccountJobs By CategoryAccounting JobsAdministrative JobsAssembly Craft JobsCustomer Service JobsData Entry JobsMedical Billing JobsIT Technical JobsSales JobsEmployerFind CandidatesPost a JobSign InCreate AccountResourcesOur BlogSearch JobsWork at Home JobsJob Seeker MembershipEmployer MembershipSearch Jobs with JoobleFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusCopyright © 1997-2018, HEA-Employment.com. All rights reserved."
