"Job Application for Bilingual Localization Associate - Mobile Apps (12-Months Fixed Term Contract) at The Pokémon Company InternationalApply NowBilingual Localization Associate - Mobile Apps (12-Months Fixed Term Contract)at The Pokémon Company International (View all jobs)Bellevue, Washington, United StatesSummaryThe bilingual Localization Associate will work with the parent company and project stakeholders in Japan, US and Europe to ensure the smooth and timely localization of Pokémon mobile/console games within desired timeframe with maintaining its quality. This position requires excellent coordination and communication skills in both English and Japanese. Facilitate localization process, build and drive project schedule, accomplish tasks throughout project by working closely with internal and external project team members.What You Will DoManage coordination among relevant entities throughout the videogame localization process and content updates after the release.Ensure to provide localization deliverables timely by coordinating with team members and stakeholders.Support operation tasks by communicating with the relevant internal and external teams.Manage communications and scheduling of internal teams.Work as a main contact of localization, maintain and promote excellent relationships with developers and business partners.Ensure prompt and accurate communications with understanding Japanese and American business cultures.Seek to optimize and simplify workflow with a focus on continual improvement.What You Will Bring3 years+ project management skills.Videogame localization experience preferred.Mobile App localization experience is a strong plus.BA or BS Degree.Experience presenting in both Japanese and English.Demonstrated knowledge of localization issues and cross-cultural awareness.Ability to manage time efficiently and ability to organize work effectively.Ability to handle a variety of assignments, balance priorities and meet deadlines.Ability to work independently and meet deadlines under pressure.Strong team player in a multi-cultural environment.Proficient in Word, Outlook, Excel, and PowerPoint.How You Will Be SuccessfulCommunication: You have impeccable written and verbal communication with ability to translate technical information in a non-technical format.Bias for Action : You have an eagerness to take initiative and persist in accomplishing objectives despite obstacles and setbacks. You work to resolve requests and incidents with a high sense of urgency and ownership.Work Excellence : You set high quality standards and strive for continuous improvement and quality assurance with all deliverables.Collaborative and Inclusive : You are a team player with the ability to work collaboratively and comfortably with employees who have diverse skills and experience and are in different geographies and levels within the organization. You build trust and collaborate with partners at all levels.Growth mindset : You thrive in a dynamic and fluid environment because you are a self-starter who is eager to learn, grow and build something great together; building and enhancing programs appeals to you. You have a desire to stay current on technology trends and Information Technology concepts.Consultative Approach : You develop effective professional interactions with others based on trust. You seek to understand other's end goals to best assist in identifying action steps. You encourage and provide support as needed.What to ExpectWe offer a professional, fun and creative work environment. While we maintain a good balance between work and life, additional hours may be required at peak times or for specific initiatives. Travel between office locations internationally and domestically may be required on occasion.The Pokémon Company International, a subsidiary of The Pokémon Company in Japan, manages the property outside of Asia and is responsible for brand management, licensing, marketing, the Pokémon Trading Card Game, the animated TV series, home entertainment, and the official Pokémon website. Pokémon was launched in Japan in 1996 and today is one of the most popular children's entertainment properties in the world.The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of people so classified. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.Apply for this Job* RequiredFirst Name *Last Name *Email *PhoneLocation (City) *Resume/CV *Drop files hereAttach PasteCover LetterDrop files hereAttach PasteWhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review+ Add Another EducationWebsiteLinkedIn ProfileIMPORTANT: *Before you submit your application, please read and acknowledge receipt of the Applicant Privacy Notice.Please selectI acknowledge receipt of the Applicant Privacy Notice.Have you been previously employed by TPCi? *-- Yes NoAre you legally authorized to work in the United States? *Note: If hired, a Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, must be completed at the start of employment.-- Yes NoDo you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status, etc.) to work legally for The Pokémon Company International in the United States? *-- Yes NoDegree High School Associate's Degree Bachelor's Degree Master's Degree Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Juris Doctor (J.D.) Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Engineer's Degree OtherPowered byRead our Privacy Policy"
