"Technical Coordinator, One of the UK's Leading Housebuilders (Brampton) - January 2021 | Cityscape01923 750095info@cityscapeltd.comAboutJobsCandidatesNewsContactHelping to enhance careersBahrain (1) Bedfordshire (2) Berkshire (10) Birmingham (9) Brighton (3) Bristol (7) Buckinghamshire (10) Cambridge (4) Cambridgeshire (3) Cheshire (2) Coventry (1) Dartford (2) Derby (2) East Midlands (1) Edinburgh (2) Essex (19) Gatwick (2) Germany (1) Gloucestershire (2) Guildford (3) Hampshire (6) Herefordshire (1) Hertfordshire (23) High Wycombe (2) Kent (21) Leeds (1) Leicester (1) Leicestershire (1) London (250) Manchester (10) Middlesex (2) Milton Keynes (3) Northamptonshire (4) Nottingham (2) Oxford (6) Oxfordshire (9) Peterborough (2) Portsmouth (1) Preston (3) Reading (1) Sheffield (4) South East (1) Southampton (5) St Albans (1) Stoke (1) Surrey (29) Sussex (6) Wakefield (1) West London (28) Wiltshire (2) Yorkshire (1)Technical Coordinator, One of the UK’s Leading Housebuilders (Brampton) – January 2021Up to £50,000 basic salary plus benefits packageResidential DevelopmentCambridgeshireAbout the company:If you are interested in a career working for one of the top 4 developers in the UK then look no further! This opportunity is for one of the leading housebuilders recognised throughout the construction industry for their regeneration schemes whilst they have successfully grown from a small, family owned company to one of the most successful housebuilders in the UK.This highly profitable and highly respected developer take absolute pride in maintaining an optimum level of staff retention and believe in developing strong teams organically within their dynamic regional units. The company constantly thrives to achieve the highest standards in the house building industry in terms of the finish of their properties, the aesthetics of the buildings and the customer service that is offered.About the opportunity:This is a fast paced environment where you will be responsible for looking after 4-5 projects at a time taking them from planning consent through design and onto procurement, construction, and sales.Joining one if it’s regional businesses units in one of the most successful regions operating across Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Northamptonshire and Oxfordshire you will be part of a team where several employees have completed over 20 years of service. They take pride in staff retention and believe in developing strong teams.As an employer they appreciate that to maintain high standards across the board they are wholly reliant on their staff to achieve this, therefore they reflect these standards regarding the staff that they employ and ensure that those who are lucky enough to work for them are looked after extremely well in terms of job satisfaction, career prospects and remuneration.About the requirements:Degree qualified in Architectural Technology or similar, ideally, you will have 2-3 years residential development experience with either an Architectural Practice, Housebuilder or Contractor. This opportunity would suit a highly organised professional with strong attention to detail to ensure all details are gathered, co-ordinated, distributed and delivered by the project deadlines with a high level of accuracy.About the benefits and rewards:In general salaries will take into consideration a number of factors including market practice, the individuals experience and responsibilities and pay structures within the company itself. Salaries might be set below the market level, and subject to performance, increased as the employee gains experience over time. In this instance the company are looking to pay up to £50,000 basic salary plus package.Apply now<< Back to job search Apply nowConsultant Contact DetailsJasmine Orrjasmine@cityscapeltd.com01923 750095Alex was a pleasure to work with throughout the recruitment process and provided excellent advice and help. There was a key focus on finding the right role for me from the outset, and Alex was great at keeping in touch with updates and handling any issues. Alex has an excellent telephone manner and remains professional in all situations. He is able to build fantastic relationships and is driven and committed to his job role. Very good, well rounded, personal service!	Armand Grigorescu, Site Manager	I would like to note that Austin have a long standing relationship with Cityscape Recruitment that spans 10 years. Cityscape Recruitment are firmly our preferred supplier when recruiting for Construction Professionals. They take a keen interest in understanding the position and brief as part of managing the whole recruitment process both seamlessly and professionally. They have met with us on several occasions to understand the business model, and subsequently made successful placements with staff who have been with us since 2009!	Austin Company, Projects Director	Cityscape Recruitment was recommended to me through a friend who previously had an excellent experience with them. It is clear they provide a consistently excellent, high-quality service. They acted diligently and assertively, combining this with a valued awareness of the current market position and relevant sector activity. I was provided with informative and regular updates without being hassled like some recruitment agencies. I would certainly recommend their services to friends and colleagues.	Chris Pratt, Commercial Manager	I have been with my new employer for a few months now and I am very happy with the company. They are very goal/target focused and do invest in their personal. Let me take this opportunity to thank you for all the support you gave me since the first moment we had contact. You have demonstrated professionalism, commitment and fantastic client facing skills.	Daniel Fiel, Contracts Manager	Cityscape Recruitment are a professional consultancy who understand the needs of their clients and the importance of matching the right individual to the right role. They are a rare breed in their profession. They make a point of understanding your businesses specific recruitment requirements and work hard to resource highly skilled professionals against our business resourcing strategy for growth and development. I can highly recommend their services.	Senior Contracts Manager / Bid Manager, Fourfront Group	It has been a pleasure working with Reshma over the last 2years, the candidates we meet through Cityscape Recruitment suit the roles we are looking for and our company style and therefore, we have taken on a number of construction professionals for permanent roles. We are looking forward to successfully placing further candidates in the future years as we grow.	Director, Corrigan Street	McGee Group has worked with Cityscape Recruitment since 2006 across all professions within the construction industry. A number of our senior personnel were successfully sourced and placed by them and fitted into our company culture straight away. Cityscape Recruitment listens to our requirements and has an impressive database of construction professionals to draw from. I am very happy with the service provided and we will definitely work with them again in the future.	Managing Director, McGee Group Ltd	Jasmine is professional, dedicated and always gives 100% with regards to my searches. I can see how she attracts some of the most eligible professionals as she is a very warm and sincere individual with a charming personality. Jasmine ensures that she understands the full brief before embarking on the search for the ideal individual and she always insists that she meets and vets each candidate before promoting them to me.	Purchasing Manager, Redrow (London Division)	I have no hesitation in recommending Cityscape Recruitment to anyone seeking a new role. I was contacted by Billy concerning a particular role in buying. I was well informed about the role and potential employer prior to the interview and very impressed by his regular contact to keep me updated throughout the process. His professionalism in all aspects of handling my application is a good example to all of how a consultancy should represent a professional and keep them well informed.	Sue McDonagh, Procurement Manager	Clients we recruit forWant to talk to one of our specialist consultants about your career? Call 01923 750095 or click here to email the team.Regency House,43 High Street,Rickmansworth,Hertfordshire,WD3 1ET	Find us hereCompanyHomeAbout UsNewsWork with usContact UsSitemap01923 750095info@cityscapeltd.comCopyright Exists © 2021 Cityscape Recruitment LTD. All rights reserved.'Calls may be recorded for training or monitoring purposes.'Cookie PolicyData Protection PolicyCorporate Social ResponsibilityBy continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.I Understand"
