[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Digital Marketing Manager 
 Awesome Motive 
 Full time 
 Remote 
 Jan 10 
 Digital Marketing Manager (Remote) 
 As a Digital Marketing Manager at Awesome Motive, you’ll join the WPForms team and be responsible for creating, planning, and executing digital marketing campaigns across various mediums such as web, SEO, SEM, email, and social media (and more). 
 You’ll work remotely with our product lead, operations manager, and writers on all of our marketing initiatives. 
 To love this role, here’s the type of person you are: 
 
 You’re an excellent and consistent communicator who makes sure nothing slips through the cracks. 
 You’re a self-starter who loves taking initiative and seeing things through to completion. 
 You’re comfortable with accepting critical feedback without taking it personally. 
 You pride yourself in having attention to detail. 
 You are passionate about growing products. 
 You love communicating with customers with a fun, down-to-earth tone. 
 You’re committed to helping both team members and customers succeed. 
 You enjoy the fast pace of technology and staying fully up to date with the latest trends/best practices in digital marketing. 
 
 Responsibilities include (but are not limited to): 
 
 Planning and executing email marketing campaigns, funnels, and automation (Drip). 
 Working directly with our content team to plan our blog content strategies. 
 Working with our PPC team on ad campaigns across different platforms (Google, Facebook, etc) to maximize ROI and improve performance. 
 Create landing page copy with a focus on conversions. 
 Designing and coordinating promotional campaigns and big product announcements. 
 Monitoring website analytics to spot trends and identify areas for improvement. 
 Analyzing SEO rankings and creating a targeted keyword strategy to boost content performance. 
 Collaborating with the product lead to improve CRO, funnels, etc. 
 Measuring and reporting performance of all digital marketing campaigns against goals (ROI and KPIs). 
 Proactively monitoring competition so we’re always ahead. 
 Making constant recommendations to improve our marketing initiatives. 
 Staying up-to-date with digital marketing trends and developments. 
 Communicating frequently with the team using chat, audio, and video. 
 
 Skills you’ll need to succeed in this role: 
 
 Proven working experience in various aspects of digital marketing. 
 An impeccable sense of English grammar, spelling, and punctuation. 
 Excellent and persuasive copywriting skills – creating high converting copy for landing pages, emails, and more. 
 Creative writing style with the ability to generate excitement and engagement. 
 Experience managing others. 
 Hands-on experience with Google Analytics, Google Ads, and Facebook Advertising. 
 Strong leadership with the ability to step up and take charge. 
 Talent for taking something complicated and explaining it simply. 
 Ability to prioritize workloads in order to balance an assortment of tasks and meet deadlines. 
 Exceptional problem-solving abilities. 
 Experience using WordPress. 
 Basic HTML/CSS knowledge (not required, but good to have). 
 
 What we offer 
 Working for a fast-growing bootstrapped company is a rare opportunity, one we consider a lifestyle choice rather than a job choice. Our positions are challenging, but also come with amazing advantages and fulfillment to those who earn them. Here’s what we offer. 
 
 Competitive Salary. 
 Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance benefits for full-time U.S. employees. 
 Work from your home. We’re spread out all over the world – United States, Canada, Ukraine, India, Pakistan, Singapore, and more. 
 Unlimited PTO after 90 days of employment. We encourage employees to take the time they need for a vacation, to stay healthy, and to spend time with friends and family. 
 Paid maternity and paternity leave. 
 We happily provide or reimburse software you’ll need, as well as books or courses that promote continued learning. 
 We give you the opportunity to solve challenging and meaningful problems that make a difference. 
 Custom branded laptop at your five year anniversary. 
 We cover all costs of company travel (including our annual all-company retreat). 
 Ability to work with some of the best people in the business through frequent, if not daily, interactions. 
 And in case you were wondering: no politics, no b.s., and no jerks. 
 
 Want to find out even more about Awesome Motive? Be sure to take a look at our About and Contributions pages for details on how Awesome Motive has continued to evolve in order to best help small businesses grow and compete with the big guys, and how we strive to give back. And for an even deeper dive, you can check out more about WPForms. 
 Location and Hours 
 
 This is a remote position – our team is spread around the globe! 
 Our home base is in Florida, USA, so company operating hours — and work hours for this position — are 9am – 5pm Eastern Time. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Personal computer with internet access. 
 Work hours of 9am – 5pm ET 
 Ability to participate in video meetings at any time needed during work hours. 
 
 Inclusion Statement 
 At Awesome Motive, we strive to have the broadest possible view of diversity, going beyond visible differences to include the background, experiences, skills, and perspectives that make each person unique. Awesome Motive is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law. 
 Thanks, and we look forward to hearing from you! 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Awesome Motive 
 Awesome Motive helps small business grow and compete with the big guys. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Awesome Motive is hiring a Digital Marketing Manager&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14903-digital-marketing-manager)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Awesome Motive is hiring a Digital Marketing Manager&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14903-digital-marketing-manager&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
