
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Nothing would make your mom happier than bragging to the girls that her kid got a job as a Group Creative Director at Zillow Group in Seattle, WA, USA. They'd all be very impressed with how brilliant and incredibly ambitious you are. 
 About 
 About the team 
Zillow is building a world-class creative organization that drives the vision and development of compelling Brand, B2C and B2B communications for all customer touchpoints in the U.S. As a brand, Zillow brought transparency to the real estate market 10+ years ago by allowing buyers and sellers to see the value of every home—and we are reinventing the industry again. This team will be responsible for bringing delightful experiences to our customers and partners through understanding the business and delivering high-level compelling creative. If your passion is to make great work for a beloved brand that moves people, we’d love to talk with you! 
 About the role 
 We are seeking a Group Creative Director to help establish and build the Zillow partner and B2B brands across all touch points. This role is on the creative team, which is part of the larger marketing organization who are on a mission to create beautiful, seamless and inspiring experiences for our customers and partners. The GCD will lead projects from concept to delivery, leading a group of creatives – both design and copy – collaborating closely with producers, and working with internal partners, to bring their ideas to life. This person should feel excited and confident about mentoring and developing their team, helping them mold and pitch new ideas, and be forward-thinking about growing the brand and how we communicate with our customers. We’re passionate about helping people unlock their next chapter, and we want someone that will help us define what that looks like for the future of Zillow. 
 This position works closely with the VP Creative, ACDs, Art Directors, Copywriters, and Producers to imagine and produce engaging, original and on-brand solutions for our interactive media, collateral, advertising, social campaigns and unique digital experiences. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7600-zillow-group-group-creative-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 10+ years 
 Skills 
 Creative Direction, Creative Research, Creative Strategy, Design Strategy 
 Date Posted 
 October 27, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Bindhu Ward 
 Perks 
 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Relocation assistance 
 Stock options 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
