Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-time Maintenance/Cleaning - Weekend Evenings 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Woodstock, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 We are more than just your local restaurant. We are a collection of hardworking small-business owners, students working part-time, career builders, and active seniors getting the most out of life. Did you know that from coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day, or that we have proudly helped more than 387,000 Canadian families with sick children through Ronald McDonald House Charities? 
 If this sounds like something you want to be a part of, apply today! 
 Job Description 
 Your vibe and experience 
 You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You’re a curious mind. You love to see how things work and are fascinated by the intricacies of objects. You’re good with your hands and mechanically adept. You’re always willing to learn and grow. You remain cool, calm and collected in a fast-paced environment. You’d rather do a job right the first time, than do it twice. 
 The job 
 We are sure that you have an idea about what working with us is like, but just in case here are some of the highlights on what your job will entail: 
 Maintaining a clean, safe, and secure work environment for guests, coworkers, and yourself, leveraging your knowledge of safety regulations and equipment. 
Multi-tasking in between troubleshooting, tending to store areas and appliances during your shift, and repairing décor and equipment, whether it’s during the day or throughout the night. 
Managing priorities, staying organized, and keeping on top of the various tasks with limited supervision. 
 Our offer 
 Working with us means that you will have the opportunity to earn and learn, flexibility, and a safe and inclusive work environment. What this means in practice is: 
 A total rewards package that includes discounts, incentives, and recognition perks 
A safe, respectful and inclusive workplace 
Bring your authentic self to work – welcoming people of every age, background, and culture – just like the guests who visit our restaurants every day 
 Qualifications 
 The ability to prioritise workload effectively, with good organisational skills. 
Detail conscious. 
Able to work from own initiative. 
Excellent Time Management Skills. 
Must be able to work the shift pattern discussed. 
 Additional Information 
 This shift is Friday and Saturday evenings - 8pm - 1am 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
