Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  After the interview  / They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 By  Ronnie Ann   94 Comments 
 In many cases. the answer is a resounding "Yes!" If they reposted the job listing, there's a very good chance the position is no longer available. But there are exceptions to the rule, which I'll discuss later. 
 Unfortunately, the letter I got from a reader asking me that very question probably isn't one of those happy relisted job exceptions. Here's how she tells story: 
 Jackie's "they reposted the job" story 
 Hello Ronnie Ann! 
 I'm actually crying right at this very moment only because I can't seem to understand why people who do job interviews can be so calloused. 
 Company X called me twice for two phone interviews. Things seem to have gone well as they invited me to visit them out of state. After a series of interview with several individuals, I left and was told that they'll "let me know if there's any further interest" which were the exact words. Few minutes after I got to my hotel, I did get a call and was asked to return and I did. I met with more people. 
 Everything seemed very positive. I was confident and had positive energy. The job closely parallels what I have on my resume at about 95%. I sent individual thank you notes to each and every individual who interviewed me. 
 The plot thickens 
 Out of the 10 people that interviewed me, 2 people mentioned negative things about the future boss for the job. However, it wasn't something I engaged myself in. When I met with the "future boss", although I felt good about the interview and answered all of his questions, I didn't feel as connected with him as I did with the others but I remained positive. 
 One week passed, silence …. yesterday was 2 weeks of silence. So I sent my short follow-up email to the Director of HR that basically reiterates that I'm still very interested and inquiring if I'm still in the running. And where they're at in their hiring process. 
 Given that Monday is typically a very busy day for most people, I thought perhaps they need a couple days. Fast forward …. this morning I got online and I found that same position listed by a recruiting firm. They reposted the job, Ronnie Ann! 
 Is it safe to say that I'm out of the running and should be moving on? I was really hoping that they at least reply back even if I lost the job so I can send them a thank you letter for considering me for the job and make way for professional connection. 
 What are your thoughts? 
 Thanks, 
Jackie 
 PS: Just simply typing this out gave me some relief. I'm glad I found your site! Thank you. 
 -- ----------- 
 My answer to Jackie 
 Hi Jackie! 
 I'm so sorry you're going through all this. Glad telling the story helped. It's a good idea not to hold in all that interview waiting game frustration! Sounds like you did the right things and even understand when a job doesn't come through, there's still an opportunity to keep in touch with a company for future openings. Smart. 
 Unfortunately, there is no 100% sure way to interpret the reposting. If they reposted the job listing it can sometimes simply be contractual, meaning the company paid ahead of time for a certain number of listings. Or, more often the case, it can indeed be a sign of something less positive. In your case, the fact that it was posted by a recruiter may very well point toward the less positive outcome. 
 Then again, recruiters sometimes repost an ad just to be safe, maybe having heard some doubts but not knowing for sure whether or not you'll get the job. Or the company may simply be keeping its options open to see what new resumes come in. 
 Companies do that sometimes, while keeping the best candidates on hold -- and in the dark. So Jackie … even though they reposted the job listing, you could still be in the running. But there's also a pretty good chance they decided to pass. 
 So what should you do? 
 Keep looking for a job even while waiting to hear back 
 No matter what the correct interpretation of the re-posted job may be, don't stop looking! One of the most important things you can do during an interview process is to keep the momentum going. Not only does it help keep the fear monkeys away, but you may wind up getting a better job as a result. 
 If you do get the job, I wish you all the best. But if you don't … it may not be such a bad thing after all. Messages like people talking negatively about your potential future boss in an actual interview and the lack of connection in your interview with them can mean a LOT. 
 Again, I hope you do get it if you still want it, and it turns out to be great. But if not, you may have lucked out. I wish you whichever outcome is best for you, Jackie. 
 And please don't cry. If this job isn't the one, it could be because the right one is on its way -- even if it takes a while to find you. 
 Good luck! 
 ~ Ronnie Ann 
 News Flash!  I just got an update from Jackie. Well … she didn't get the job. But she tells me she feels ok and is ready to get back out there and find the right job for her. Meanwhile she made sure to let the company know she appreciated the chance to interview and is still interested should anything else come up. Perfect. 
 Interesting twist. Turns out they fired the HR Director. And Jackie was kept hanging for so long for that very reason. Add that to the endless list of reasons in the oh-so-frustrating waiting game! 
 [Post updated in 2020] 
 ⇒ EXTRA:  Job Rejected You? Sample Rejection “Thank You” Note 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 Some posts you might find helpful: 
 Please Help Me With My Phone Interview! 
 How to Tell If a Job Interview Went Well 
 18 Practical Tips to Help You Ace Your Job Interview 
 What Is a Behavioral Interview? 
 15 Things I Look for When I Interview People 
 After the Job Interview: Why Haven’t They Called Me Yet? 
 Stuck in the Waiting Game After 2nd Interview 
 What Is Being Overqualified for a Job? 
 Job Interview Nerves? Tips for Before, During & After 
 12 Ways to Stay Sane After a Job Interview 
 I Got the Post-Interview Temporary OCD Blues 
 What Is a Phone Screener? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  After the interview 
 Comments 
 
 ginny2392 says 
 
 October 10, 2015 at 9:45 pm 
 Hi Ronnie Ann, 
 Thank so much for setting up tbis site. I don't think I've encountered a site on careers and unemployement as best as yours. I think because you've been through period where you've been unemployed (?) or at least the hell that is the interview process you know what it is like. I think some hiring managers forget what the process is like when going for jobs or perhaps haven't been in the process themselves or being out of work. 
 Do you have any blogs on here about keeping your spirits up and keeping positive? I find its a lot easier said than done. Especially since the lat few job interviews haven't turned in to job offers so I keep thinking "What is the point of going for another one, its not going to work out" and "How can I expect them to keep believe in me when I no longer don't"? I doesn't help either that I'm watching my bank account like a hawk. 
 Oh and I hope things worked out for Jackie. The interview process sounded rough. 
 Reply 
 * Susan P. Joyce says
 
 October 12, 2015 at 11:38 am 
 Hi Ginny, 
 Effective job search has changed very much the last few years, and it is very hard. Keeping your spirits up is particularly challenging when you are unemployed. Wall-to-wall rejection is hard to take. For everyone. 
 One of the best things you can do is find a job club to join, preferably one run by a career professional. You'll see that you're not the only smart, capable person who is unemployed is encouraging. Members exchange tips, advice, network contacts, and job leads, and find jobs sooner than job seekers who struggle on alone. 
 So, check with your local public library, your city hall, and the places of worship near you. Often you'll find information about a local job club, or job search support group, that you can attend. They are usually free or very low cost. If you are in the USA, check the U.S. Department of Labor's directory of job clubs by state. 
 Stay in touch, and good luck with your job search! 
Susan 
 Reply 
 
 Lily Tan says 
 
 December 6, 2014 at 12:42 am 
 Hi, 
 I'm here to share my story and give strength to those who are looking for a job. I'm not from this country and in my country I was well known as the best in my job. Good offers were always on my lap until I laid on a good job that transferred me to this country. Apparently my boss had a crush on me but I ended up marrying another man, then the story began, I had problem with my visa so they returned me to my original country and after a while they laid me off. It's not a professional reason I must say as the company invested so much money in me, but it is what it is. 
 I then worked on my green card and moved to be back with my husband. After the kids settled down with school and everything went well, I started the job hunting. I didn't know anybody in this business who lives in the state I live in so I had 0 on networking. I applied online through company websites, indeed, LinkedIn, taleo, etc. I tried to contact head hunting agents, too. 
I later found out many companies post the jobs because they have to from legal side, while in fact they already have their candidates or they want to promote their current employees. What a waste of my time. It doesn't make me stop. I got many phone interviews, I even was invited to 2 locations for interviewed but I always failed. to get a job. 
 After many rejections in 10 months I retreated and reflected - what did I do wrong? The interviews seemed to like me, we had good conversation. I also cried and prayed over and over again. Then I looked at my references, I suppose they didn't do me any help and decided to change them, I contacted my former bosses and coworkers that really appreciate my work, asked them to write me reference letters and using them to apply more jobs. Out of desperate I even went to the mall and knocked door to door asking if they are hiring, submitting my resumes for hourly wages. Still nothing. 
 I got more rejections and one phone interview, it went well but I didn't keep my hope high, then second interview, I prepared myself, reading the company websites, their blogs, stalking the interviewers by reading their online profiles which I used on my interview, nailed the second interview. 
Was invited to their office and when I saw one of the interviewer name - I thought I heard his name before, I asked my former colleague about him and I was right, he used to work for the same company we did, so I looked up his online profile. When I met him, I recognized him right away as I already saw his picture and offer a hand shake first and calling his name. He was surprised that I know a lot about him without being creepy and soon we had some nostalgic conversation. 
They invited me for more interview, a marathon interview with so many people asking questions with hypothetic situation and how I react to it. As the job requires a good team work, I always put the weight on team work and how important it is. How well I know the job, etc. 
 Long story short, I got the job. After million of rejections, interviews, driving to their offices, but I kept on trying, you never know if you stop trying. It's fine to be desperate and crying, I did, too. When I felt distressed I would stop looking and applying for few days sometimes up to a week then try again. 
During the job hunting time, I spent my time doing community work, anything to keep me busy and distract me from being distressed. It helped and I liked it and still doing it 🙂 
 So job hunters - don't lose your hope, keep the positive mind, live at minimum cost, stretch out your money as much as you can and keep looking. Rehearse yourself over and over, reenact the interview and think of what's the possible questions they might ask. It builds up your confidence, when I talk to myself I can hear the tone of my voice and I will try different tones, different talking speed until I get what fits my personally. 
 Hope it gives strength and hope, 
Lily 
 Reply 
 * ginny2392 says
 
 October 10, 2015 at 9:54 pm 
 Hi Lily, 
 Great post, I hope you're liking your new stop. 
 I an certainly relate to you in crying and being distressed. As well as leaving time between applying because your heart is just not in it - you need a ret from the searching. 
 I'm glad through a former colleague you were able to get a job. 
 I'll try getting involved in volunteer work so to my mind active and be distracted. Its good to know you are not the only one who's been in that boat. 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
