Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Scheduler 
 PCL Construction 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Scheduler - 190000UB 
 My Career. My Company. My Legacy. 
 At PCL, you are more than just an employee. You could be part of a team that works hard, plays hard, and makes a difference in your community. PCL offers competitive compensation packages, and a chance to be an owner in our 100-percent employee-owned company. We not only reward you financially, but give you challenging assignments and a supportive work environment which promotes personal and professional growth. 
 Whether you are looking for a corporate or construction career, exciting opportunities are waiting for you. Our people have helped us stand out as a leading general contracting organization, which is why we are always looking for new talent-individuals who can bring innovative solutions and thinking to every project. 
 We are seeking an experienced Scheduler for our Edmonton Industrial District office located in Edmonton, AB. This position will transition to a project-site based location. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Assist in the planning and scheduling process through various construction phases (preconstruction, construction, system completions, etc.); 
 Retrieve, consolidate and analyze information from various sources; 
 Collaborate with field supervision on look ahead planning; 
 Implement subcontractor schedules into the master project schedule; 
 Apply schedule scope changes in alignment with contract requirements; 
 Identify schedule delays, impacts and variances to the baseline; and 
 Communicate plans and schedules internally and externally through effective graphs and reports. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Minimum 3 years of industry experience; 
 1-4 years of dedicated planning and scheduling with direct hire trades and subcontractors; 
 Position based in Edmonton office to start with transition to camp based project; 
 General understanding of planning and scheduling principles, best practices and techniques; 
 Basic knowledge of Oracle Primavera P6 and advanced knowledge in Microsoft Excel; 
 Utilize information from construction drawings, specifications, contracts and proposal documents; 
 An Engineering Technology Diploma or Engineering Degree preferred but not mandatory; 
 Capacity to prioritize work under strict timelines and be adaptable to changing needs; 
 A keen eye for detail; 
 Effective listening and oral communication skills (including spoken, written and visual); 
 Self-starter that shows initiative; 
 Follows up on issues to work towards solutions; and 
 Comfortable working with a variety of people including estimators, field supervision, subcontractors, project management and clients 
 
 Working Conditions: 
The ability to work in a project-site. 
 The PCL family of companies are consistently ranked among the best companies to work for, and we aspire to be the most respected builder, renowned for excellence, leadership, and unsurpassed value. 
 Let us help you build your Legacy today. 
 Employee Status 
: Regular Full-time 
Job Level 
: Experienced Professional 
 Company :  PCL Industrial Management Inc. 
Primary Location 
: Canada-Alberta-Edmonton 
Job Posting 
: Oct 4, 2019, 3:02:51 PM 
Closing Date 
: Ongoing 
Job 
: Scheduler 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
