Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Account Manager 
 Meridian Credit Union 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Meridian OneCap Credit Corp (MOCC) is an equipment and finance company providing a broad range of financial services to businesses throughout Canada. Our parent, Meridian Credit Union, has over 70 years of banking history and is Ontario’s largest credit union. 
 MOCC (formerly Roynat Lease Finance) is a provider of asset financing in the form of capital leases. We are committed to being the best provider of specialized equipment financing services to strategic vendors across Canada. Our service-oriented culture and exceptional group of professionals serves to provide our strategic partners with value-added service and constructive solutions 
 Who we are! 
 Meridian OneCap Credit Corp provides customized leasing solutions both to help companies sell equipment and to companies that have chosen to lease equipment, rather than buy. For manufacturers and vendors, we enable you to provide your customers with a value-added service that helps your customers acquire equipment efficiently, and gives your company a competitive edge. And for the end user, we can help you to preserve working capital in your business, while benefiting now from the use of the equipment. 
 Our team is known as industry leaders. We’ve earned our reputation through consistent delivery of financing programs with the most efficient transaction process and superior customer service. With the largest direct sales force within the Canadian market, it’s no wonder our customer service is unparalleled. 
 Description 
 The Account Manager is responsible for the marketing and sales of all products and services within a defined market area to targeted vendors and resellers of equipment that meet credit parameters. 
 The incumbent will be responsible for identifying and developing targeted vendors to provide programs that allow the vendor to maximize lease penetration to their customer base. 
 The focus of sales efforts will be on equipment finance and lease transactions up to but not limited to $250,000. The Account Manager’s expected volume target ranges from $5 to $20 million annually depending on their assigned territory. 
 The incumbent works closely with the Credit team to ensure that Meridian OneCap’s risk profile is adhered to. They will also be responsible for communicating the asset class and values to the Credit team and ensure the overall risk profile of the prospective lessee is acceptable. They will also works with the Sales Director to ensure that pricing and return is maximized. The Account Manager also works with his/her customer base to ensure that any supplementary Meridian products are introduced on a direct basis to our clients and prospects. 
 Major Responsibilities 
 Acquires good quality and profitable equipment finance and lease transactions by identifying likely prospects and implementing an aggressive calling program within the assigned area. 
 Develops prospective equipment dealer and manufacturer accounts that have the highest potential of profitability. 
 Maintains regular contact with vendors who sell regular amounts of equipment, ensuring MOCC is given every opportunity to quote on client's equipment finance and lease requirements. 
 Proactively assesses and clarifies client’s needs and wants and provides appropriate levels of service. 
 Establishes productive, professional relationships with key clients, both internally and externally. 
 Communicates effectively with Sales Coordinators and other members of the sales team. 
 Represents MOCC at appropriate industry and community functions when required. 
 Monitors competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing and promotions. 
 Prepares an annual business plan outlining objectives and strategies on how new business will be secured.Plan to be reviewed on a quarterly basis. 
 Provides support to existing sales team members when they are absent/unavailable. 
 Actively manages and effectively follows-up proposals to both vendors and end users. 
 Maintains close contact with credit team to communicate any material changes within the vendor or prospective lessee base. 
 Participates and ensures that the correct required documentation is delivered both externally and internally. 
 Participates and provides technical expertise of required documentation, ensuring accuracy as it pertains to the structure, insurance, security and equipment financed. Responsible to vet lease documents prepared by staff prior to obtaining client signatures. 
 Sales Reporting: 
Maintains current call reporting / activity log. 
 Maintains current pipeline of sales opportunities. 
 Assists in monthly / quarterly reports to regional leaders highlighting sales success, best practices, funding, pipeline, general update of leasing industry. 
 Cross Selling of Meridian Credit Union products, focusing on offerings from Small Business Banking, Commercial Banking and Wealth Management: 
 For standalone MOCC clients, without a full banking relationship. Will identify potential opportunities to bring opportunities relating to the Credit Union's other products and services to the appropriate MCU specialist. 
 Educations/Work Experience/Designations 
 Completion of a post-secondary education program is preferred or equivalent experience. 
 Minimum 1-2 years sales experience 
 Detailed knowledge of all aspects of equipment finance and leasing preferred - specifically with special emphasis on accounting, taxation, credit, pricing and security. 
 Solid understanding of the leasing industry, competitors, pricing environment, security requirements and product offerings. 
 Strong understanding of financial statements, financial analysis and credit structuring typically found in the Commercial Lending environment. 
 Proficient understanding of lease accounting and tax implications from lessee and lessor perspective. 
 Proficient understanding of financial theory of lease vs. buy analysis for modeling different finance structure options. 
 Strong interpersonal skills to work with client’s CFOs & Controllers as well as internal Bank staff such as VP's, Directors, Sales Directors, Administrative / Operations staff.Identifies and resolves moderately complex issues. 
 High level of personal motivation, energy and drive. 
 Accepts responsibility for positive end results. 
 Collaborate style and persuasive interpersonal skills; ability to influence others. 
 Expert sales/closing skills. 
 Thorough knowledge of relationship building and teamwork skills 
 Aptitude for mathematical functions including financial calculations. 
 Proficient with Microsoft operating systems including Word, Excel, Outlook and the Internet. 
 Ability to travel in assigned territory (Niagara or London Region) 
 What's in it for you? 
 We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
 We provide you with the tools and technology needed to delight your clients! 
 Did you know our leadership team has worked in the Canadian finance industry for a combined 120 years? 
 Dress for your day! Be comfortable when you can! 
 This is not your typical "corporate" job. We work hard and we have fun! 
 We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes base salary, a performance bonus, vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, paternity/maternity leave top-ups and much more. 
 Meridian is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities. Should you require an accommodation, we will partner with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
