Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Post Office Clerk FT 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Waterdown, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
25 Hamilton Street North, Waterdown, Ontario, L0R 2H0 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 SUMMARY: 
To provide prompt and superior customer service at the retail postal outlet. 
 DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Customer Service 
Provides superior and efficient customer service 
Answers enquiries and resolves customer complaints regarding postal services 
Abides by the customer service program (SERVE) as prescribed by Canada Post Corporation 
Maintains a neat and organized postal service area and presents proper image to public according to Uniform Policy and Dress Code Guidelines (eg. clean appearance, approved uniform, name badge) 
Ability to upsell and recommend postal services and promotions to all customers 
 Loss Prevention 
 Ensures loss prevention systems and procedures are performed according to guidelines 
Controls cash, money order, and stamp inventory in accordance with prescribed cash handling policies and procedures 
Maintains proper security of cash and mail 
 Operations 
 Assists in maintaining and controlling the inventory of stamps, money orders, registered mail, etc. in compliance with the policies and procedures of Shoppers Drug Mart and Canada Post Corporation • Maintains and controls the cash register in the department in compliance with policies and procedures 
 General 
 Complies with all health and safety regulations 
Complies with all store policies and procedures 
Complies with loss prevention policies and procedures and ensures they are executed in the department 
Perform other duties as required including Cash duties 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
Planning, Judgement and Decision Making 
 Problem solving to ensure customer satisfaction 
Plan work to maximize efficiency and minimize costs 
Troubleshoot cash and tally differences 
Experience with registration and postal authorization issues 
 Experience 
 Customer service oriented 
Effective verbal and written communication skills 
Computer literate 
Register Skills 
Organized and detailed oriented 
Efficient time management skills 
Ability to work in a fast pace environment 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
Commitment to providing customer service 
 WORKING CONDITIONS 
 Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Ability to lift up to 50 pounds 
Ability to climb ladder 
 The above statement reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions and duties as required for proper evaluation of the job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the job. 
 J2WRTL 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
