
 Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Companies 
 
 About us 
 Image brochure 
 Corporate video 
 Company history 
 Mission 
 Core competence 
 Locations 
 
 
 Business divisions 
 
 Food 
 Fashion 
 Electronics 
 Non-Food 
 e-commerce 
 Service 
 
 
 Services 
 
 International sales 
 International procurement 
 Quality assurance 
 Product development 
 Logistics management 
 After-sales service 
 Social responsibility 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Job offers 
 The world of Wünsche 
 Apprenticeship, Internship, Studies 
 Good reasons 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Contact form 
 Directions 
 
 
 DE 
 
 Joboffer 
 
 Wünsche Website 
 Details for the Joboffer 
 
 Technician Socks (m/f/d) Legwear 
 In this position you will take over responsibility for technical related projects within the Legwear Department, including the technical follow-up of offer and order samples. You will be working in close collaboration with our key account and purchasing department, in order to make a major contribution to the creation of our products. 
 The Wünsche Group is a dynamic, international trading company with headquarters in Hamburg and branches worldwide. With market-driven services, innovative solutions and a wide range of products in the areas of food, consumer goods and textiles, we are one of the leading suppliers in European retail trade. The Legwear division of Wünsche Fashion GmbH & Co. KG specializes in the trade with fashionable knitted hosiery and functional sports socks for women, men and children. 
 
 
 Place Hamburg 
 
 
 Start date immediately 
 
 
 Business division Fashion 
 
 
 Employment-type Employee 
 
 
 Duration of employment unlimited 
 
 
 Working time Full time 
 
 
 Your responsibilities 
 
 Technical quality assurance starting from first offer sample over customer order to final delivery 
 Communication with international buying offices of the Wünsche Group 
 Technical product development and preparation of tech-packs including the development and use of accurate measurement charts 
 Sample evaluation 
 Participating in collection planning and forecasting 
 Data management in the product lifecycle management system 
 
 Your profile 
 
 Profound technical knowledge and experience in the field of socks with an expertise in yarn titers 
 High sense of responsibility, quality and price oriented 
 Good command of spoken and written English and German 
 High degree of self-motivation, flexibility and team spirit 
 Good communication skills and assertiveness 
 
 We offer 
 We work in flat hierarchies, promote lean decision-making processes and foster an appreciative culture. Independent work is just as important to us as regular appraisal interviews. We offer flexible working hours, 13 monthly salaries and an attractive company pension scheme. 
 You can reach our location in the heart of Hamburg city center very easily with the HVV-Profi ticket, which we subsidies. Alternatively, you can use our subsidized Ticket Restaurant System for your lunch break. We offer individual development opportunities and promote the health of our employees through e.g. yoga classes at the workplace, free fruits and drinks. 
 We are looking forward to welcoming you! 
 Please apply in German or English and use our  online application form  only. 
 Contact person 
 Ms. Christin Ecke Ph.: +49 (40) 333 12-645 Address: Bei den Mühren 5, 20457 Hamburg e-Mail  recruiting[at]wuensche-sc.de 
 (C) Copyright by Wünsche Group 2020 
 
 Legal notice 
 Privacy Notice 
 
