
  Richtig Haus  
 The Haus of Art & Innovation 
 Wednesday, January 20th, 2021| 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 
 Search for...     
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Words 
 Music 
 Culture 
 Visual 
 Projects 
 
 Tag: career 
  New Job Red Flags  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  December 6, 2020  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 Sometimes as job seekers we overlook questionable situations from the start of an application to the first days of employment. Often, we can recant these red flags after things have gone from bad to worse. Let's take a look at some of the situations I have been in, and the red flags I should have listened to. 
  Categorizing Your Skills  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  December 4, 2017  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 When working on résumés and cover letters, most individuals find it difficult to categorize the skills they have acquired. Appropriate skills to add to a résumé can come from a variety of sources […] 
  Are You Doing All You Can In Your Job Search?  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  November 27, 2017  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 There is a common misconception that many unemployed people do not want to work, or that they are waiting for THE PERFECT JOB to fall into their laps. The reality is, many Canadians […] 
  Not Following in the Steps of Dad  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  July 26, 2015  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 I enjoy uncovering the motivation behind why people choose the career paths they do. Some choose careers in their passion. Some choose careers because they believe that is where the money is. […] 
 
 3Men1House   Album   Andrew's Journal   App Reviews   Art   Chapbooks   Doodles   fiction   Fictitious News   Green Tomorrow   Job Search Guy   Kyle Richtig Journal   Lubrigaytion   Movie Review   Music Reviews   Poetry   Political Opinion   Prank Monkey   Richtig Haus   TV Reviews 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 
 Top categories:   Kyle Richtig Journal 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com   | 
