Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Copywriter 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is seeking an experienced Copywriter, who is passionate about bringing ideas to life from concept through to execution and has demonstrated the ability to write across a range of brand voices and content formats. Come join us in the fast-paced, dynamic and ever-evolving cannabis sector where our team is driven to deliver exceptional experiences for our customers and patients. 
 This is a fantastic opportunity for a copywriter with digital agency experience to join our Marketing team in Toronto and contribute to the development of world class brands. 
 The copywriter plays an essential role in growing customer engagement and brand awareness across the portfolio of Aurora Cannabis Inc. brands. 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Collaborate to translate marketing strategies into innovative, and viable creative concepts and formats, pairing strong copy and visual design. 
 Research, concept, write and present copy and content ideas for a wide range of online and offline marketing materials; including emails, digital ads, social media, websites and print collateral. 
 Effectively represent and hone the voice of different brands across the portfolio, switching seamlessly between distinct personalities and tone based on the assignment. 
 Master the art of distillation, breaking down complex details into bite-size and compelling statements that can address the consumer challenge and drive action. 
 Assist colleagues in drafting and presenting creative rationale to sell through ideas. 
 Adhere to restrictions and requirements around advertising and marketing as set out in the Cannabis Act. 
 Demonstrate strong prioritization and time management skills, adhering to tight timelines while juggling several projects concurrently. Implement last minute changes as needed. 
 Proactively seek opportunities to improve brand communications across all channels. 
 Regularly attend and participate in briefings with cross-functional teams. 
 Monitor key themes relevant to cannabis consumers, patients and industry in order to contribute to content and engagement strategies. 
 Proofread and edit content produced by colleagues and agency partners. 
 Demonstrate flexibility and agility in addressing brand deliverables within a fast paced and evolving industry. 
 Assist in building and publishing content through enterprise level CRM and CMS systems. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 A Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in English, Communications, Marketing or related copywriting experience. 
 Proficiency writing for the web with a strong understanding of SEO and email, ecommerce and social media content best practices. 
 Working knowledge of HTML and CSS 
 5+years of copywriting experience within a digital agency. 
 Obsessive attention to grammar, spelling, and tone of voice, ensuring all communications are accurate and in line with style guides. 
 Ability to multi-task and prioritize in fast- paced environment. 
 
 PREFERRED 
 
 Previous experience working directly on brands within regulated industries such as cannabis, pharma, alcohol and gaming. 
 Proficiency in French, with a CIEP International Exam certification, or an equivalent certification is an asset. 
 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 #Li-LinkedIn 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
