Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier 
 IGA Gibsons 
 __Gibsons, BC 
 Apply Now 
 JOIN US BECAUSE YOU LOVE GOOD FOOD, WORK HERE BECAUSE YOU LOVE A GREAT OPPORTUNITY 
 For more than half a century, British Columbians have chosen IGA for a friendly face and good food. We’re a hub of community life and today, a place with fresh and revitalized energy, ready to be the grocery store of choice for shoppers. We are simple goodness. 
 IGA Gibsons   (located in 1100 Gibsons Way   )  join as a  Cashier  to work varied shifts including evenings and weekends. 
 Job Overview 
 The Cashier is responsible for carrying out the full range of duties of the position in a professional, responsible, accurate and timely fashion. The Cashier will provide customers with friendly and professional service; and will process customer orders in an efficient manner. The Cashier will ensure accurate cash-handling procedures at all times through company practices and actively contribute to an environment of employee and customer engagement. 
 Job Requirements 
 
 Previous cashier experience preferred. 
 Previous customer service experience preferred. 
 Must be available to work during the day. 
 Basic mathematical skills. 
 Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment. 
 Must be readily available to work. 
 Must have VALID work authorization in Canada. 
 
 The pleasure in our work comes from delivering a familiar experience that gives our customers exactly what they want, time and time again. If there’s a product that our customers wouldn’t put on their shelves, they won’t find it on ours. We put the team in teamwork so that everyone is here to support each other and make the most of a job well done.  Together we’ll keep groceries uncomplicated and easy for our customers, quite simply… simple. 
 Do you share the same passion? We would love to hear from you. Apply today by submitting your application directly to this Indeed ad. 
 Please be advised that only those who are considered for the position will be contacted for an interview. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 cashier: 1 year (Preferred) 
 cash handling: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
