__ 1-856-406-6015   __ __ __ __   District Resources 
 Are you a district looking to Partner with us? Learn More __ 
   
 
 Refer a Friend 
 Apply Now 
 Events 
 Job Board 
 Hiring Process 
 Positions 
 
 __ 
 
 Job Details 
 Building Permanent Substitute | Gloucester City Public Schools 
 Gloucester City Public Schools 
 __Building Permanent Substitute 
 __Camden County, NJ 
 __Posted 1 year ago 
 About Insight: 
 Insight is one of the fastest growing education staffing companies in the country. Our company staffs substitute teachers, paraprofessionals, clerical staff, non-instructional aides, and more in over 60 school districts. If you are looking for a fast-paced job that fits your schedule, visit  www.workwithinsight.com/apply  now to start your online application. 
 Job Description: 
 A building permanent position is available with Insight in Gloucester City Public Schools. Substitute will be utilized daily as needed by the school district in teacher, teacher’s aide roles, and other duties as required. This position guarantees work Monday through Friday. Pay for this position is $95/day. 
 Job Requirements: 
 
 Guides the learning process toward the achievement of curriculum goals and, in harmony with the goals, establishes clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects and is able to communicate these objectives to students, as adopted by the local and state Board of Education. 
 Help students learn subject matter and skills that will contribute to their development as mature, able, and responsible men and women in the absence of the regular teacher 
 Reports to the building principal or school secretary upon arrival at the school. 
 Maintains as fully as possible the established routines and procedures of the school and classroom to which assigned. 
 Teaches lesson plan as outlined by the absent teacher. 
 Performs all extra duties for the absent teacher as required by the building principal. 
 Meets and instructs assigned classes in the locations and at the times designated. 
 Plans a program of study that, as much as possible, meets the individual needs, interests, and abilities of the students. 
 Creates a classroom environment that is conducive to learning and appropriate to the maturity and interests of the students. 
 Prepares for classes assigned and shows written evidence of preparation upon request of immediate superior. 
 Takes all necessary and reasonable precautions to protect students, equipment, materials, and facilities. 
 Maintains accurate, complete, and correct records as required by law, district policy, and administrative regulation, pertaining to teacher and students. 
 Assists the administration in implementing all policies and rules governing student life and conduct, and, for the classroom, develops reasonable rules of classroom behavior and procedure, and maintains order in the classroom in a fair and just manner. 
 
 Job Qualifications: 
 
 NJ Substitute Certification required 
 Candidates must already have or must be willing to undergo a criminal history check (fingerprinting) through the Department of Education. 
 
 Insight is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Online 
 First Name* 
 Last Name* 
 Email Address* 
 Phone Number* 
 Attach Resume* 
 Submit 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 
 
 It started with wanting to fix the system, now we’re reinventing it. Insight is made up of hundreds forward-thinking individuals who want to help place paraprofessionals and teachers in jobs in a cost effective, simple and strategic way…  Learn More 
 
 
 ACCOUNT CENTER 
 
 AESOP Login 
 Applitrack 
 Paylocity (Company ID: N8076) 
 Global Compliance Network (GCN) 
 District Resources 
 Insight Payment Center 
 
 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 Contact Us 
 Latest News 
 District Partnerships 
 Events 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 (C) 2016 - 2020 Insight. All Rights Reserved 
 __ __ __ __ 
   
 
 Hiring Process 
 Positions 
 Events 
 Job Board 
 Apply Now 
 Refer a Friend 
 
