Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 
 Just my two cents 
 Musings on social media and the world as I see it 
 Reignite your passion for your job 
 May 28, 2013  by  Nancy Jean   6 Comments 
 I love what I do. Now. For many years my job was just that -- a job I did for the paycheck. Sure I had a great work ethic, and did as good a job as I possibly could, always. While I did pride myself on being good at what I did, I really didn't get a sense of satisfaction or fulfillment from it, nor did I particularly enjoy what I did even though I did it for decades. 
 Then I discovered the magic of social media. For four years now, I have spent my days, nights and some hours of every weekend focused on learning about, reading up on, interacting with, posting to, and blogging about social networks for marketing. And I've said more times than I can count that for the first time in my career I  love  what I do. 
 Why I LOVE social media 
 There's something about social media that just makes me think that this is what I was meant to do. Unfortunately it wasn't around when my career all started xx number of years ago (too many to say!). But I am living proof that you can teach an old dog new tricks. 
 Maybe it's that there's something new every day to learn and discover. Maybe it's that you can meet countless smart, talented, incredibly helpful people all over the world at any given time. Or maybe it's just I feel like I can connect one-on-one with people, and be helpful rather than represent the people who are caring for people, as I did for almost all of my career. 
 The ho-hums 
 While I know this, and appreciate this every day, sometimes it can get monotonous. Oh yes, it's Memorial Day weekend… time to share some healthy barbecue recipes or some safe grilling tips. Or during a winter storm, time to send out some info on avoiding shoveling and snowblower injuries. Every day may bring something different, but your overall strategy really doesn't change and your editorial calendar is usually pretty definite. That is when you might feel a bit of ennui setting in… that touch of ho-hum, that "here we go again" feeling. That boredom you can easily forget how much you love your social media job. 
 Reigniting the passion 
 And when you get to that point,  that  is when you need a good kick in the butt to remind you of what it is you love about your job. That's exactly what I got last week. It was as simple as participating in a panel discussion for a group of folks, most of whom are not using social media to market their business. I found myself sitting in this amazing board room with one of the best views of the city of Providence to share some collective expertise with a great group of people from the  Environmental Business Council of New England  (@EBCNE on Twitter) and some panelists who were there to preach what they practice. 
 And that's when the magic kicked in and the passion was reignited. My passion. My excitement for social media and its many uses and how strong a tool it can be when it's used correctly. And hearing what other people are doing and how they're using it. Then hearing people ask questions like "how do you find people to follow on Twitter?" The realization that not everyone is up to speed in this new world of marketing. That makes you understand that some people still don't believe that social media is for them. And all of those things remind you of how amazing this technology is and how exciting it is to be a part of it. 
 Then you hear yourself talking about all the ways it can be used. And you hear the excitement in your voice and you realize how fast you're talking and you see people nodding their heads and just GETTING it. THAT'S when your passion resurfaces and gets reignited and you remember all the things you love about this crazy, constantly changing but always social world of social media. And while public speaking is never something I like to do, when it's able to serve as such an important reminder for me, it's SO worth it. 
 So how do you reignite  YOUR  passion when your days become humdrum? 
 41.878711 -71.382556 
 Please share this! 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Categories:  Uncategorized  | Tags:  jobs ,  marketing ,  passion ,  social media  |  Permalink . 
 Author:  Nancy Jean 
 I love reading, writing, music, the beach, and being a mom to two rescue dogs. My job is social media for health care. 
 6 thoughts on "Reignite your passion for your job" 
 Leave a comment 
 
 emslingsby 
  May 28, 2013 at 5:14 pm 
 
 And I am very glad you found something you love and transitioned to a new role, too 🙂 It's hard to maintain a certain level of "love" for our jobs at all times, and it's easy to get bogged down or burned out, but it is such a great feeling when we get excited about our work again after a little lull. 
 Reply 
 * [npj1125](https://nancypjean.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 29, 2013 at 8:40 am 
 You're SO sweet! And just think… if I hadn't transitioned to his role, you'd be in a very different place too! 😉 Thanks for reading, El. 
 Reply 
 
 Gus 
  May 28, 2013 at 10:55 pm 
 
 Awesome! You're the best and always have been! 
 Reply 
 * [npj1125](https://nancypjean.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 29, 2013 at 8:39 am 
 HELLO GUS! So nice of you to read my blog! I so miss working with you. Hope all is well. 
 Reply 
 
 dandunlop 
  May 29, 2013 at 8:04 am 
 
 Great post! Your passion is evident. Thanks for sharing. 
Dan 
 Reply 
 * [npj1125](https://nancypjean.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 29, 2013 at 8:39 am 
 Hey Dan! How was Newport? Thanks so much for the read and the comment. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply to emslingsby  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Nancy Jean 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Talking to aging patients 
 Another year ends and a new one begins 
 Ebola, enterovirus, and the dark side of people 
 Supporting an important cause, and an inspiring woman 
 A house sold, a house bought, a 9-hour move and nothing social about it 
 
 Nancy Jean's Blog 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Top 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
