Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Anesthesia Assistant - BC Women's Hospital & Health Centre 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Casual Opportunities 
 Reference #84466 
 Hours of work:  0700-1905/1900-0705 (rotating) 
 Wage:  $34.26 to $42.73 per hour 
 Location:  4500 Oak Street, Vancouver BC, V6H 3N1 
 Working under the direction of the Department Head of Anesthesia (BCWH) and under the authority of the Birthing Program Manager and the Respiratory Therapy Professional Practice Leader; the Anesthesia Assistant performs clinical and technical duties related to anesthesia assistance such as testing, preparing and maintaining anesthesia equipment and supplies, assisting anesthesiologists with induction, maintenance and recovery phases of anesthesia and providing routine and intensive cardio-respiratory care to obstetrical patients as per established standards, policies and procedures. 
 In this role you will: 
Set up, test, calibrate, operate and monitor equipment for regular use including anesthetic machines, breathing circuits, ventilators, scavenging devices, intubation equipment, fiberoptic bronchoscopes, monitoring equipment, infusion devices and blood gas machines. 
Assist the anesthesiologist with the trial use and evaluation of new equipment. 
Prepare patients for surgery and performs pre-operative assessments as requested by the anesthesiologist. 
Insert or assist with the insertion of devices such as nasogastric tubes, esophageal stethoscopes, IV’s, intra-arterial lines, PIC lines, Swan Ganz catheters and Central Venous catheters. 
Assist with or perform airway management, including insertion of laryngeal mask airways, intubations, difficult intubations and mask ventilation. 
Assist in the positioning of patients under the direction of the anesthesiologist. 
Qualifications 
 You hold: 
Graduation from a recognized school of Respiratory Therapy. 
Two (2) years' recent Operating Room or Critical Care experience. 
An accredited post-graduate diploma in Anesthesia Technology. 
Membership with the Canadian Society of Respiratory Therapists (CSRT), and the British Columbia Society of Respiratory Therapists (BCSRT). 
Current Basic Cardiac Life Support. 
 You have demonstrated the ability to: 
Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. 
Collaborate effectively with all team members. 
Deal with others effectively. 
Physically carry out the duties of the position. 
Organize work. 
Operate related equipment. 
Think critically. 
We invite you to apply by clicking the "Apply Online Now" button where you can register for the first time or enter your Username and Password in order to re-access your profile on our system. 
 Applications will be accepted until this position has been filled. 
 For more information on all that the PHSA has to offer, please visit: http://jobs.phsa.ca 
 For more information about the Agency that you are interested in, please visit the website at: www.bcchildrens.ca 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals, including Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. 
 BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre (BCW) is the only facility in British Columbia devoted primarily to the health of women, newborns and families. It provides a broad range of specialized women’s health services that address the health needs of women of all ages and backgrounds. BC Women’s is one of the largest maternity facilities in Canada, with over 7,000 births a year, and is both the major primary and secondary maternity services provider in the Lower Mainland and the cornerstone of the provincial tertiary care system. As an academic health centre BCW’s mandate includes providing strong leadership in research and the education and professional development of health care professionals in areas related to the health of the populations we serve. 
 BCW is a part of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) which plans, manages and evaluates specialty and province-wide health care services across BC. PHSA embodies values that reflect a commitment to excellence. These include: • Respect people • Be compassionate • Dare to innovate • Cultivate partnerships • Serve with purpose. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
