  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Campground Job Tips: Tips for Campground and RV Park Workers 
 Campground job tips! Fifteen life hacks for campground workers. Use these helpful hints and tips to find and keep an RV park or campground job -- and enjoy it. It's the little things that count. 
 Campground Job Tips 
 ~~ Ask plenty of questions. During the pre-hiring and after you hired. This is one of the most important campground job tips. So, I'll repeat. Ask questions. 
 ~~ You can often combine working at the campground with another job. Work a few hours a week at a campground in exchange for your FHU RV site. Work additional hours at a different job, one that pays an hourly wage. 
 ~~ For short-term campground jobs, work the shoulder seasons. These are the weeks at the beginning and the end of the season. These are the weeks before the regular workers are there for the season, and after they have already left. For example, in the spring, when snowbirds leave to head north before the winter season ends. Or in the fall, when student workers leave to return to school prior to the end of the summer season. 
 Working at Campgrounds Can Be a Great Experience 
 ~~ If you are required to live at the campground or RV park, as part of your employment agreement, for the convenience of the park owner, IRS may determine the value of the site is not taxable income. 
 ~~ The term "full hook-ups" does not mean the same thing to everyone. Ask what it includes and who pays for what. This is another one of those campground job tips that seems obvious, but can really trip you up if you assume. 
 ~~ When a help wanted ad specifies a number of hours required to work in exchange for your site, be sure to find out what time period they mean. Is it per week or per month? Or, does the campground staff work on a four or six day rotation? 
 ~~ Are the number of work hours specified in a help wanted ad work-for-site hours, hourly wage hours, or a mix? Don't assume. 
 Make the Most of Any Campground Job with These Tips 
 ~~ On work-for-site exchanges, be sure you know what the number of hours means. Is it per person or per site? Are they set hours or can you choose when to work those hours? Do they include on-call hours? 
 ~~ Smile. Laugh. Look happy. Show the campground guests you enjoy your job. 
 ~~ If a campground job for a couple requires working in exchange for your site, what are the conditions and stipulations? Are you able to split the hours between you and your spouse, as you wish? Must each person work a specified number of hours? Is it okay for one person to work all of the hours? 
 ~~ As other campers what campgrounds they like to work at and why. 
 ~~ Listen. Take time to listen to instructions from your supervisor. Take time to listen to concerns from the camping guests. 
 Get More from Your Job with These Campground Worker Life Hacks 
 ~~ If your schedule matters to you, find out when they expect you to work before you accept the job. Twelve hours a week might be one day. Or, it might be three four-hour days. Or, it could be a split shift, perhaps where you open and close gates every morning and every night, so you are working a short time slot twice a day, seven days a week. 
 ~~ If you agree to work more hours than you are willing or able to work, you are not being fair to the guests at the campground or to the campground owner. 
 ~~ There are off-season campground jobs. Some are at parks that are open, although not very busy. Others are at campgrounds that are closed for the season, but they hire a caretaker or someone to do maintenance, repair, or expansion work while the park is closed. 
 Using these campground job tips can mean the difference between a working-camper job that you love and one that you hate. Make the most of these hints and campground job hacks. And have a great experience at your next campground or RV park job. 
 Read more about working at campgrounds and RV parks. 
 See more tips for working campers and RVers here on WOW. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Long Ridge Campground Hiawassee Georgia  
 
 
 Jan 25, 21 06:24 PM 
 Camp Hosts Wanted - Georgia Mountains We are a small campground located in the north Georgia mountains. We are seeking a second set of camp hosts to work 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 25, 21 06:24 PM]: 2021-01-25T18:24:55-0500 
