Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-time Welder Teaching Positions - School of Trades, Apprenticeship & Renewable Technology 
 Durham College 
 __Whitby, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Durham College is seeking an experienced and motivated professional who shares our commitment to quality and student success. The School of Skilled Trades, Apprenticeship & Renewable Technology “START” requires a part-time professor to teach Welding. 
 IMPORTANT NOTE FOR PART-TIME FACULTY APPLICANTS: 
Part-time recruitment is ongoing and is dependent on when courses are being taught and the need for faculty to teach. 
 Part-time faculty teach up to 6 hours per week with varied schedules Monday through Thursday between 8:00 am and 9 pm and Fridays between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm. Please note that part-time Faculty for the School of Skilled Trades, Apprenticeship & Renewable Technology “START” must be available as of 7:00 am rather than 8:00 am. 
 For more information about the different courses available, please look at the link to our School: "School of Trades, Apprenticeship & Renewable Technology” 
 The responsibilities of Durham College Part-time Professors include, but are not limited to: 
Creating a positive learning environment that accommodates students’ diverse cultural and educational backgrounds, experiences, and individual learning styles; 
Utilizing principles of adult education to actively engage students in the learning process; 
Effectively using educational technologies to support learning, manage and post grades, and deliver hybrid and on-line courses; 
Developing curriculum that uses appropriate strategies and tools to assess student learning; 
Ensuring that course and program curriculum is current and relevant; 
Working independently and demonstrating initiative; and 
Working effectively with students, the program team, and a variety of internal and external stakeholders. 
 To apply, please submit your resume through the online portal below. 
 Preference will be given to candidates with relevant educational credentials and a proven track record of relevant work/teaching experience. Applicants must have the appropriate accreditation or trade certification. 
 We thank you for your interest in employment with Durham College however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
