 Work Hays  
 Menu  __ 
  WorkHays   __ 
 
 
  Jobs __ 
 
 
  Employers __ 
 
 
  About __ 
 
 
  Contact __ 
 
 
  Sign Up __ 
 
 
  Sign In __ 
 
 
  Jobs  
 
 
  Employers  
 
 
  About  
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Sign Up  
 
 
  Sign In  
 
 
  __Back  
 Light Construction Service Technician-Topeka, Kansas 
 Apply for the position, Light Construction Service Technician-Topeka, Kansas, with KanEquip Inc. today or contact Richard Dugan for more information. Posted Dec 14, 2020. 
  Apply Online  __    7854563325  __    [email protected] __    View Employer  __ 
 Description 
 Position Title: Light Construction Service Technician 
 Reports to: Service Manager 
 Location: Topeka, KS 
 FLSA Classification:  Non-Exempt 
 Employee Statutes:  Full Time, Permanent 
 KanEquip: 
KanEquip has been in business for over 52 years, starting in Wamego, KS.  In 1999 KanEquip was formed by merging several locations together.  KanEquip is currently one of the largest equipment dealers in North America.  KanEquip has grown to having 14 locations across Kansas and Nebraska with over 300 employees.  Our main lines are New Holland and Case-IH along with many great shortline companies.  KanEquip’s mission is “to be a leader and trusted partner in providing quality products, support and innovative solution to agricultural producers in the Midwest”.  KanEquip would love to make you a part of our family and team! 
 Purpose: 
 The Light Construction Service Technician is responsible for performing both basic and complex diagnostics on light construction equipment, and perform repairs and maintenance on both customer-owned, and dealer-owned, equipment.  He / she is responsible for good customer communication as needed, ensuring a clean and safe work environment, continually develop technical skills with evolving products, and perform work at customers sites as required. 
 Job Responsibilities (ranked in significance): 
 
 Company Values:    Ensures all company values are adhered to and promoted.  This would include leading by example and participation in employee recognition programs. 
 Service Diagnostics:    Performs basic / complex diagnostics on light construction equipment, determining what repairs are needed and/or recommended for future attention / maintenance. This can be for either customer-owned equipment located at the shop or at customer’s site, or dealer-owned equipment (inspections). 
 Service Repairs:    Performs repairs on above equipment (electrical, hydraulic, mechanical) as requested by manager.  Accountable for performing quality work and attaining stated goals for efficiency. 
 Service Training / Development:    Participates in all requested job-related training and development, as well as taking an active interest in improving skills with other training programs. 
 Service Paperwork:  Completes all reports and forms for service operations in a timely and accurate manner.  This would include inspection reports, warranty comments, work orders, etc.  Uses CNH and JCB Asist as appropriate.  Uses computers / tablets for data entry as required. Ensure manager is aware of any issues / surprises which can impact customer billing or satisfaction.  Ensures accurate timekeeping for job costing. 
 Equipment and Tools:    Maintains good condition and cleanliness of company vehicles inventory, tools, and equipment, including return of tools to storage areas. 
 Safety:    Follows all company and common sense safety policies, while using all required personal safety equipment.  Ensures a safe work environment in his bay; reports any issues in bay or other service work areas to manager for follow-up. 
 Teamwork:    Works collaboratively with other technicians, parts, and sales personnel.  Mentors Service Technician Apprentices and junior Technicians as able.  Works afterhours (daily or weekend) as required. 
 Communications:    Ensures good communication within location, and with other locations / employees.  Communicates appropriately with customers, and conveys any operational issues to manager. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Technical degree in Agricultural or Construction Mechanics, or High School Diploma or GED with 4 years of experience in service operations. 
 Proven knowledge of methods, materials, tools, and techniques used in the repair of Light Construction Equipment. 
 Outstanding knowledge of mechanical, electrical, and hydraulic systems. 
 Owns mechanic tool set appropriate for the work required. 
 Excellent skills in operating vehicles and equipment used in service shops (diagnostic equipment, forklifts, hydraulic lifts, etc.) 
 Excellent communication and customer relationship skills 
 Expertise with computer systems, including MS office and internet-based applications 
 Ability to work extended hours during the week and on weekends 
 Ability to travel to company meetings and training events as needed 
 Ability to lift 75 pounds as required without assistance 
 Acceptable Motor Vehicle status, with current driver’s license, and ability to operate motor vehicle 
 
  __ Share     __ Email  
 Position Title 
 Light Construction Service Technician-Topeka, Kansas 
 Full Time / Part Time 
 Full Time 
 Employer 
  KanEquip Inc.  
 Employer Contact 
 Richard Dugan 
 Created On 
 Dec 14, 2020 
 Last Updated 
 Jan 13, 2021 
 © Work Hays 2021 
 Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Help 
 v1607744121342 
