
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Building Technologies Office Opportunity in Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning 
 Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Building Technologies Office Opportunity in Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning 
 Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 [](mailto:?subject=Building%20Technologies%20Office%20Opportunity%20in%20Heating%20Ventilation%20and%20Air%20Conditioning&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13944939/building-technologies-office-opportunity-in-heating-ventilation-and-air-conditioning/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 September 29, 2020 
 Location: 
 Washington, D.C. 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Monthly Competitive Stipend 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Internship 
 Preferred Education: 
 Masters 
 Zintellect - Climb Higher 
 The Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE) Science, Technology and Policy (STP) Program serves as a next step in the educational and professional development of scientists and engineers by providing opportunities to participate in policy-related projects at DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in Washington, D.C. Participants will become part of a group of highly-trained scientists and engineers with the education, background, and experience to be part of the workforce that supports the DOE's mission in the future.In 2016, residential and commercial buildings consumed more than 40 percent of the Nation’s total energy and more than 74 percent of the electrical energy, resulting in an estimated annual national energy bill totaling more than $380 billion. Widespread adoption of existing energy-efficiency (EE) building technologies – and the introduction and use of new technologies – could eventually reduce energy use in homes and commercial buildings by 50 percent. This would save almost $200 billion annually on energy bills and help create jobs. Building Technologies Office (BTO)’s mission is to support research and development (R&D;), validation, and integration of affordable, energy-saving technologies, strategies, analytical tools, and information services to enable industry and others to deploy these at scale to reduce energy use and cost in both new and existing residential and commercial buildings. 
 In addition to EE, BTO has several additional co-emphases. An important one is demand-flexibility (DF), a building’s ability to responsively shape its electricity draw at time scales ranging from multiple hours to seconds and even sub-seconds in order to support grid stability, reliability, and the efficient use of a variety of generation resources. Grid-interactive Efficient Buildings (GEB) is a cross-cutting BTO initiative aimed at establishing building-based DF as a key grid asset. Other emerging co-emphases include resilience, embodied energy, thermal energy storage to support DOE's Energy Storage Grand Challenge, EE and DF at the neighborhood scale, and a new focus on technologies and strategies that support the building construction and deep renovation process; the latter is led by the Advanced Building Construction (ABC) initiative. 
 BTO’s Emerging Technologies (ET) Program aims to enable the development of cost-effective technologies that can reduce building energy use intensity by 45 percent by 2030, relative to 2010 EE technologies. The ET Program works towards this goal by supporting early-stage R&D; in component technologies for heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration (HVAC&R;) and water heating; solid-state lighting; and windows and opaque building envelope. The ET Program also has sub-programs in integration technology areas including Sensors and Controls (S&C;) and Building Energy Modeling (BEM). BTO’s ET Program seeks a talented and committed individual from among the pool of qualified candidates to help it support the HVAC&R; portfolio. 
 Responsibilities 
• Participate in technical reviews/assessments of proposed research and development plans, conduct technical and economic feasibility analysis, as well as evaluate at a deep technical level the progress and ongoing viability and success potential of projects toward meeting the BTO energy efficiency goals. This includes periodic technical reviews and providing rigorous technical feedback for funded R&D; projects; as well as engaging in the negotiation of statements of work and project management plans with technically rigorous milestones, go/no-go decision points, stage-gates and deliverables for new awards. 
• Collaborate with Technical Managers and participants in the assessment of the state-of-the-art scientific literature and practice in relevant technologies and assess new opportunities for further advancement in the field and the industry, especially for advanced HVAC&R; systems 
• Engage in the integration of BTO’s HVAC&R; research activities with other related activities across EERE, DOE, and with external stakeholders, specifically regarding energy storage, grid-interactivity, electrification and next-generation refrigerants. 
 Qualifications 
 Selected participants will receive a stipend as support for their living and other expenses during this appointment. Stipend rates are determined by EERE officials and are based on the candidate’s academic and professional background. Relocation expenses, not to exceed $5,000, incurred in relocating from the participant's current address to Washington, D.C. (if more than 50 miles from the address shown on the application), may be reimbursed. Participants will receive a travel allowance of $10,000 per appointment year to cover travel-related expenses to scientific and professional development activities. 
 This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents. (LPR). 
 For more information about the EERE Science, Technology and Policy Program, please visit  https://www.energy.gov/eere/education/energy-efficiency-and-renewable-energy-science-technology-and-policy-program 
 Appointment Location 
 Washington, DC 
 Nature of Appointment 
 The participant will not enter into an employee/employer relationship with ORISE, ORAU, DOE, or any other office or agency. Instead, the participant will be affiliated with ORISE for the administration of the appointment through the ORISE letter of appointment and Terms of Appointment. 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 Program eligibility requirements can be found at: visit  https://www.energy.gov/eere/education/energy-efficiency-and-renewable-energy-science-technology-and-policy-program 
 Preferred qualifications include: 
• An advanced degree in mechanical engineering or a related field. 
• Knowledge of energy efficiency concepts. 
• Good written and oral communication skills. 
 A complete application consists of: 
 
 
 An application 
 
 
 Transcript(s) - For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted. Selected candidate may be required to provide proof of completion of the degree before the appointment can start. 
 
 
 A current resume/curriculum vitae (CV) 
 
 
 One academic recommendation. References are asked to describe applicant's Scientific Capabilities and Personal Characteristics and must specify how they know the applicant. 
 
 
 2 Letters of Recommendations 
 
 
 The resume/CV must include the following: 
 
 
 Basic applicant Information:  Name, address, phone, email, and other contact information. 
 
 
 Work & Research Experience:  List all work and research experiences beginning with current or most recent. Include the name of the employer, location, position held, and time period involved. 
 
 
 Leadership Experience:  List experiences (e.g., work, civic, volunteer, research) that demonstrate your leadership skills. Detail your role, type of experience, organization, location, and duration. 
 
 
 Educational History:  List all institutions from which you received or expect to receive a degree, beginning with current or most recent institution. Include the name of the academic institution, degree awarded or expected, date of awarded or expected degree, and academic discipline. 
 
 
 Honors & Awards:  List in chronological order (most recent first) any awards or public recognitions. Include the name of awarding institution, title of the award or honor, and date of award or honor. 
 
 
 If you have questions, please send an email to  DOE-RPP@orise.orau.gov . Please list the reference code for this opportunity in the subject line of your email. 
 Eligibility Requirements 
 
 Citizenship:  LPR or U.S. Citizen 
 Degree:  Currently pursuing a Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree to be received by 12/31/2020 11:59:00 PM 
 
 
 NOTES: 
 5 openings. 
 Internal Number: DOE-EERE-STP-BTO-2020-120 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 100 Orau Way, Oak Ridge, Tennessee 37830, United States, GovernmentAbout Oak Ridge Institute for Science and EducationThe Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) is a U.S. Department of Energy institute focusing on scientific initiatives to research health risks from occupational hazards, assess environmental cleanup, respond to radiation medical emergencies, and educate the next generation of scientists. ORISE administers a broad range of internships, scholarships, fellowships and research experiences. These programs are available to science and engineering students and educators at every academic level from K-12, to college students and postdocs, to university faculty members. ORISE programs include research experiences at Department of Energy national laboratories as well as other federal agencies with research facilities located across the country as well some positions outside the United States. 
 Connections working at Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
