Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Stephenson's Rental Services 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Join a Canadian success story still growing strong after 65 years. Stephenson’s Rental Services is a total solutions provider focused on the tool and equipment rental market. Our services help everyone from homeowners to independent contractors and major construction companies complete their projects on time and on budget. Our dedication to customer service and focus on continuous improvement has seen us flourish into one of the largest independent rental companies in Canada and we are excited about our future. We are proud of the great partnerships we form with our customers, our team members and vendor partners and the unique solutions we provide to Canadian businesses and home owners. 
 We currently have an opening for a  Full-Time Sales Associate  (Job #19333) at our location within Lowe’s Home Improvement Centre on Bryne Drive in Barrie, ON. 
 We offer 
 
 Competitive hourly wages plus bonus opportunity. 
 Opportunity to participate in exciting discount programs. 
 Attractive company paid benefit package after 3 months. 
 Opportunity to participate in company matched RSP. 
 42.5 hours per week – shift schedules reflect our business hours and include evenings and weekends. 
 Uniform and boots allowance provided. 
 Any required training provided. 
 Opportunities to grow with us! 
 
 Job Summary 
 The Sales Associate is a customer facing employee charged with selling products, taking orders, resolving customer issues and professionally representing Stephenson’s at all times. Primary responsibility focuses on providing exceptional sales and service to all existing and prospective customers. Areas of concentration include product knowledge, systems, customer service, sales, business management, inventory control, administrative routines and housekeeping. 
 Requirements 
 
 High school diploma or equivalent 
 Minimum 2 years customer service experience preferably in rental equipment services, home improvement centers or a similar background. 
 Working knowledge and understanding of construction equipment is an asset. 
 Exceptional communication skills and effectively able to deal with customers in person and on the phone 
 Able to multi-task and work effectively in a fast-paced environment 
 Must be able to lift up to 50lbs on a regular basis 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Support our Customers’ needs by knowing how to operate rental equipment, explain its application, and relate appropriate add on merchandise 
 Maximize sales opportunities with every customer 
 Book reservations 
 Anticipate customer needs and follow up on all leads 
 Demonstrate enthusiasm with customer 
 Safely load, transport, and operate various equipment including: construction equipment, heating equipment, and fuels and explain how they operate to customers. 
 Maintain inventory documentation and levels to minimize stock outs 
 Maintain accurate pricing and display 
 Ensure proper equipment levels are available to minimize lost rentals 
 Anticipate product demand, track availability, and ensure equipment is “rental ready” 
 Adhere to all Company Safety Policies 
 Ensure the promotion of safe work practices to all staff, customers, suppliers and contractors by reporting any workplace hazards to help eliminate them 
 Use all personal protective equipment as required 
 Maintain knowledge of relevant legislation 
 Attend any training programs sponsored by the Company that relate directly to the Health and Safety of the position 
 Other duties as assigned 
 
 We would like to thank all that apply! Please note that only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 People with disabilities are encouraged to apply and accommodations are available upon request. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service, retail, sales, or combined: 2 years (Required) 
 equipment rental, home improvement, or related: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
