Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Starbucks Barista 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
3671 Dundas St W, Etobicoke, Ontario, M6S 2T3 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Job Summary and Mission 
 This position contributes to Starbucks success by providing legendary customer service to all customers. This job creates the Starbucks Experience for our customers by providing customers with prompt service, quality beverages and products, and maintaining a clean and comfortable store environment. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. 
 Summary of Key Responsibilities 
 Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: 
Acts with integrity, honesty and knowledge that promote the culture, values and mission of Starbucks. 
Maintains a calm demeanor during periods of high volume or unusual events to keep store operating to standard and to set a positive example for the shift team. 
Anticipates customer and store needs by constantly evaluating environment and customers for cues. 
Communicates information to manager so that the team can respond as necessary to create the Third Place environment during each shift. 
Assists with new partner training by positively reinforcing successful performance and giving respectful and encouraging coaching as needed. 
Contributes to positive team environment by recognizing alarms or changes in partner morale and performance and communicating them to the store manager. 
Delivers legendary customer service to all customers by acting with a customer comes first attitude and connecting with the customer. 
Discovers and responds to customer needs. 
Follows Starbucks operational policies and procedures, including those for cash handling and safety and security, to ensure the safety of all partners during each shift. 
Maintains a clean and organized workspace so that partners can locate resources and product as needed. 
Provides quality beverages, whole bean, and food products consistently for all customers by adhering to all recipe and presentation standards. 
Follows health, safety and sanitation guidelines for all products. 
Recognizes and reinforces individual and team accomplishments by using existing organizational methods. 
Maintains regular and punctual attendance. 
 Summary of Experience 
 No previous experience required 
 Basic Qualifications 
 Maintain regular and consistent attendance and punctuality, with or without reasonable accommodation 
Available to work flexible hours that may include early mornings, evenings, weekends, nights and/or holidays 
Meet store operating policies and standards, including providing quality beverages and food products, cash handling and store safety and security, with or without reasonable accommodation 
Engage with and understand our customers, including discovering and responding to customer needs through clear and pleasant communication 
Meets required dress code 
Prepare food and beverages to standard recipes or customized for customers, including recipe changes such as temperature, quantity of ingredients or substituted ingredients 
Available to perform many different tasks within the store during each shift 
 Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
 Ability to learn quickly 
Ability to understand and carry out oral and written instructions and request clarification when needed 
Strong interpersonal skills 
Ability to work as part of a team 
Ability to build relationships 
 Core Competencies 
 Customer Focus:  Delivers legendary service that meets and exceeds all customers' expectations 
 Ethics and Integrity:  Adheres to Starbucks values, beliefs and principles during good and bad times 
 Composure:  Remains calm, maintains perspective and responds in a professional manner when faced with tough situations 
 Personal Learning:  Takes personal responsibility for the continuous learning of new knowledge, skills and experiences 
 Dealing with Ambiguity:  Able to successfully function during times of uncertainty and changing priorities 
 Decision-Making:  Makes timely and quality decisions based on a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience and judgment 
 Interpersonal Savvy:  Builds effective relationships with all people; up, down and sideways, inside and outside of Starbucks 
 Results Oriented:  Gets results and achieves goals Physical Requirements 
 Proficiency Ratings Legend 
 O = Occasional (up to 25% of time) 
 F = Frequent (26%-74% of time) 
 C = Constant (75% or more of time) 
 Requirement 
 Bending/Twisting:  Continual, intermittent flexing or rotation of the wrist(s) and spine. 
 Proficiency:  F 
 Carrying:  Moving an object, usually by holding it in hands or arms, or on shoulders. 
 Proficiency:  O - up to 40 lbs 
 Climbing:  Ascending or descending ladders, stairs, ramps, poles, and the like, using feet and legs, and hands and arms. 
 Proficiency:  O 
 Computer:  Usage or other special equipment operated. 
 Proficiency:  C - Bar equipment/POS Register 
 Handling:  Seizing, holding, grasping, turning, or otherwise performing precision work with hand or hands. 
 Proficiency:  C - Around bar area 
 Hearing:  Receiving detailed information through oral communication. 
 Proficiency:  C 
 Kneeling:  Bending legs at knees to come to rest on knee(s). 
 Proficiency:  F 
 Lifting:  Raising or lowering an object from one level to another using hands, arms and shoulders, back and legs. 
 Proficiency:  O - up to 40 lbs 
 Pushing/Pulling:  Exerting force upon an object so that the object moves away from or toward the force. 
 Proficiency:  O - up to 40 lbs 
 Reaching:  Extending hand(s) and arm(s) in any direction. 
 Proficiency:  C - Around bar area 
 Sitting:  Remaining in the normal seated position. 
 Proficiency:  O 
 Standing/Walking:  Remaining on one's feet in an upright position at a workstation or moving about a work area. 
 Proficiency:  C - Up to 90% of the time 
 Stooping:  Bending body downward and forward by bending spine at the waist 
 Proficiency:  F 
 Talking:  Expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word. 
 Proficiency:  C 
 Tasting/Smelling:  Distinguishing, with a degree of accuracy, differences or similarities in intensity or quality of flavors and/or odors. 
 Proficiency:  O 
 Vision:  Clarity of vision at near and/or far distances. 
 Proficiency:  C 
 All Starbucks Job Descriptions are confidential and proprietary, and are to be handled in accordance with the Starbucks Standards of Business Conduct. Accordingly, job descriptions cannot be shared with individuals outside of the company without the written permission of the director Compensation, Starbucks Coffee Company. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
