
 
 Services
 
 Work 365 Onboarding 
 Self-Service Portal Branding and Setup 
 Revenue Subscription Reports 
 
 
 Solutions
 
 ISV/SaaS 
 Microsoft CSP 
 Subscription Billing Automation 
 Time & Professional Service Billing 
 Product Catalog Management 
 Marketplace 
 
 
 Products
 
 Work 365 - Billing Automation 
 Sync - CSP Customer Portal 
 Record Clone 
 Report Scheduler 
 Email To Case Automation 
 
 
 Integrations 
 Resources
 
 Blog 
 News 
 Case Studies 
 Newsletter 
 Webinar Archive 
 Videos 
 Documentation 
 Support 
 
 
 Store 
 Search 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 
 About Us 
 Work 365’s goal is to transform the quote to cash process worldwide 
 Join Our Team 
 What is Work 365? 
 Work 365 is the holistic business application built on Dynamics CRM. Our worldwide team of game-changers brings the unique combination of technical expertise and client empathy, with a touch of nerdy humor on the side. The Cloud and Subscriptions are revolutionizing how technology businesses operate, and our application helps these companies realize their potential. We provide technology that enables our clients to effectively capitalize on this revolution and scale their business for long-term success. 
 Who we Are 
 Our team is comprised of cloud veterans who are fast-moving, entrepreneurial, agile and intellectually curious problem-solvers. We pride ourselves on delivering value by placing the customer at the center of everything we do and have a passion for helping businesses scale and grow effectively. 
 How we Work 
 Our client’s success is our success, so we believe in the community we're building. We’re number-crunchers and technologists at heart, but our true passion is helping our customers succeed. Their voice is paramount to our success, and we provide multiple channels to ensure their feedback informs how we operate. We offer biweekly training and have a vast library of best practice knowledge articles, but we’re continually learning ourselves, and we wouldn’t have it any other way. 
 
 
 
 
 Our Brand 
 We're committed to transforming the sales to cash collection process through automation, unlocking endless possibilities for our customers. If you enjoy fast-paced problem solving, love wearing multiple hats, and hate glass ceilings, you’ll thrive at Work 365. 
 Check out the Work 365 Blog 
 
 We’re looking for talented people passionate about technology. 
 See our open positions below: 
 Account Executive 
 Location  : Reston, VA 
 Description  : We're currently seeking enthusiastic problem-solvers who has a passion for becoming a trusted business advisor for future Work 365 clients. This role is critical to our growth, and the ideal candidates should pride themselves on being goal-oriented, leading through mentorship, and having a high professional drive. 
 If that sounds like you, we'd love to connect. All interested candidates please send your resume and LinkedIn profile to  Jobs@work365apps.com. 
 Software Developer 
 Location  : Reston, VA 
 Description  : Are you interested in solving complex problems and delivering cutting-edge solutions that help customers achieve their goals? This is your chance to join a growing team poised for success in meeting the increasing demand of our growing customer base. 
 If that sounds like you, we'd love to connect. All interested candidates please send your resume and LinkedIn profile to  Jobs@work365apps.com. 
 Customer Success Manager 
 Location  : Reston, VA 
 Description  : We're currently seeking a customer-obsessed professional to add to our growing Customer Success team. Our Customer Success team works cross-functionally to create and maintain positive experiences for our clients. A proven ability to showcase the value of products, empathize with customers and drive usage and adoption is key for this role. 
 If that sounds like you, we'd love to connect. All interested candidates please send your resume and LinkedIn profile to  Jobs@work365apps.com. 
 Work 365 at a Glance 
 20+ Countries 
 7 Languages Supported 
 1000+ Provisioning requests per week 
 Trusted by Companies Worldwide 
 " Work 365 is one of the effective Microsoft CSP Billing Platform for Cloud Service Providers. I love the Graphical Representation of the important metrics. Addition of invoicing template in Dynamics CRM is very helpful." 
 - Paul Adams 
 " We scaled to over 6,000 licenses without adding another support person. Onboarding each new customer took up to an hour but now we can do it in 3 minutes or less, saving us over 100s of hours since June 2018. Because of these efficiencies, our projected growth for our CSP business is 300%." 
 - Donavan Lane 
 " Though it took us some effort to transition into Work 365, it has been well worth it. The system is providing immediate benefits within just days of cutting the ribbon." 
 - Thomas Carpe 
 " We could have gone with a local vendor but wanted to work with a company that could support the same platform across all our regions." 
 - Alex Martynov 
 Deep integration with Dynamics 365 for CE, that allowed us to leverage our IUR to automate or billing process. 
 Roberto Giron 
 PreviousNext 
 Services 
 
 Work 365 On-boarding 
 Self-Service Portal Branding and Setup 
 
 Products 
 
 Work 365 
 Sync 
 Integrations 
 Record Clone 
 Report Scheduler 
 Email To Case Automation 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blog 
 Videos 
 Documentation 
 Downloads 
 Support 
 
 Company 
 
 About 
 Our Technology 
 Security and Privacy 
 Contact Us 
 Careers 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Reach Us 
 11710 Plaza America Dr. Suite 2000, Reston, VA 20190, USA 
 sales@work365apps.com 
+1-571-429-5171 
 
 Referral Program 
 Partner with Us! 
 
 © Copyright - Work 365 Apps  |  Terms and Condition  |  Privacy Policy 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Cookies 
 This website uses cookies to allow us to better understand how the site is used. By continuing to use this site, you consent to this policy.  Review Policy I understand 
 Scroll to top 
