Skip to content Menu 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 Portfolio 
 Contact 
 
 World Class Adventurer 
 Unleash your inner wanderlust. 
 The Job Hunt 
 The Job Hunt 
 September 30, 2017  by  Elizabeth Cunningham 
 Rihanna gets me. ❤ 
 Last month while I was still toiling away at the daycare, I applied for a plethora of jobs in Tokyo. I went to interviews for all of them and got rejected for each one, with the exception of a Girls Bar in Ginza which pays a cash salary every week. The customers -- Japanese salarymen and businessmen -- were the most polite out of any I'd ever encountered during my whole eight years in the nightlife industry. However, the two managers -- one girl from Lithuania and a blackanese chick -- were horrible. They did nothing but talk shit about every employee working there. They began sending me home after one or two hours. Of course, transportation wasn't provided so it seemed as though I had went to work for free. Finally, I'd had enough and quit. Thinking that I had a real shot at working for GABA, I decided to go on a trip to Osaka to clear my head while I still had time. 
 While in Osaka, I got diagnosed with an incurable disease and received a rejection email from GABA after a month-long application process. Though I felt I had no reason to return to Tokyo, I had to go back to get my stuff and continue the job search. The doctor in Tokyo decided to put me on injections to make my body heal up faster than taking tablets alone. Altogether, I got stuck spending about $300 on medical bills and of course, I spent way too much on the Osaka trip between the Shinkansen and the Grey Goose shots at the bar. 
 I came in on Monday evening to get my salary and the bitch from Lithuania said they didn't have it and told me to come back on Friday. When I went back yesterday, they tried to say they forgot to bring it. Pissed as hell, I told those cunts if they didn't cough up my money I would call the police. That got them moving for the bills right quick. It was only a hundred dollars but that means a lot when you're unemployed and dealing with medical expenses, immigration, and other issues. I felt proud for standing up for myself. I'm not a naturally aggressive person. I come off as shy and unthreatening so people often underestimate me. I'm not proud of calling them bitches and cunts and threatening them but honestly, I'm tired of being cheated out here and I don't play when it comes to my money. 
 On the advice of a friend, I found a smaller website than GaijinPot and started mass-applying for adult eikawas. I have to keep the faith, even though times are dark. I'm gonna need a miracle because like everyone else in Tokyo, I'm just trying to make it. Ganbarimasu! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Post navigation 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Having Guts 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Twitter 
 
 Sponsored by 
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
