Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ERP Associate, Operations 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers, and pharmacies. 
 ERP ASSOCIATE, OPERATIONS 
 The ERP Associate, Operations will be responsible for identifying, collecting and organizing data points for Aurora’s ERP, Sage X3 Product Code Setup which spans individual product codes to end-to-end manufacturing including BOMs, Routings and Work Orders. 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Collaborate with the ERP Operations Team and ERP IS Team 
Prioritize, track and report on status of Product Setup using Jira and Smartsheet 
Effectively and respectfully communicate with Subject Matter Experts (SME) and Project Managers (PM) across all areas of the Aurora business, establishing the data set for each setup and completing an excel template. 
Effectively and respectfully communicate with ERP help desk vendor for completing ERP product setup 
Create and update documentation to support the key processes for product setup management 
Effectively and respectfully communicate with members of IS to facilitate improvement through process or technology 
Take initiative to address any issues during the Sage product setup independently 
Filing and organizing electronic documentation within the Product Setup Group team to maximize productivity 
Strategically manage time, multitask and quickly shift tasks to complete a variety of menial duties 
Remember key details as multiple people make verbal, hand-written, and emailed requests throughout the day 
 SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: 
University Degree, preferably in data science, enterprise management, business management. Equivalent experience considered on a case-by-case basis; 
1-3 years experience working with ERP system in a supply chain, manufacturing or purchasing environment; 
Experience with Microsoft suite, particularly Excel considered an asset; 
Experience with Ample and Biotrack considered an asset; 
Experience in manufacturing considered an asset 
Demonstrated critical thinking skills; 
Excellent oral and written communication skills; 
Accountable for results, strives to meet and exceed expectations; 
Successful candidate must be able to use all forms of communication to successfully liaise with project teams, locally and across Western Canada; 
Ability to work in the “give and take” of a team environment; 
Experience with project management software program and/or collaboration tools (Smartsheet, Jira, Lucidchart) will be useful; 
Flexibility to work in dynamic and ambiguous environments. Ability to pivot in response to rapidly changing priorities under the demands of business conditions and deadlines. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
