Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Applications Consultant and Reporting, Information Technology - Full Time- Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honored to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, and Uxbridge and beyond. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, and able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
As part of our Information Technology team, the Applications Consultant and Reporting role will be responsible for: 
 Creating data extractions using Meditech Report Designer (MAT) and Meditech Data Repository (SQL Server). 
Designing, developing, maintaining and implementing DB stored procedures, views, architecture for the data warehouse. 
Working with Application end users to understand their report requirements to complete reports requests. 
Experience with or willing to learn basic database functions such as restore, back-ups. 
 Compensation: 
 BAND G:  $82,719 - $101, 576 annually 
 Work Schedule: 
Primarily days, with evening and weekend on-call as required. Please note schedules may change based on operational needs. 
 What you bring to MSH: 
University degree in Computer Science or other related discipline 
Experience in Meditech report writing (NPR/Report Designer) is preferred. 
Working knowledge of the MEDITECH NPR/Expanse applications preferred 
Experience in designing, developing, maintaining and implementing DB stored procedures, views, and architecture for the data warehouse. 
Experience in data extraction, manipulation and analysis. 
Minimum 5 years DB related programming experience 
Minimum Two (2+) Years’ experience writing and optimizing SQL Queries. 
Minimum Two (2+) Years intermediate experience with Microsoft Excel, working with advanced macros, functions and formulas., 
Advanced knowledge of systems (Windows), relational database structures, security, storage and fault management 
MCDBA (Microsoft Certified Database Administrator) is an asset 
Proven end-user technical support and troubleshooting 
Hospital experience preferred 
Strong project management skills 
Finds innovative solutions using proven analytical, consultative and problem-solving skills 
Demonstrated excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills 
Strong organization skills with the ability to manage multiple assignments 
Ability to cover on call evenings and weekends as well as downtime maintenance schedules 
Evidence of a proactive customer focused approach 
Ability to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment with minimal supervision 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital Corporation takes pride in creating an inclusive and diverse workforce which represents the community we serve. We are dedicated to ensuring you feel respected and welcomed whether you are a patient, caregiver, visitor, community member, volunteer or employee. Our commitment to create an ‘honoured to care’ culture is an expression of our humble and compassionate attitude. Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
