Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Online Education Curriculum Developer 
 AzureHR 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Take existing curricula and transition them to online and mobile platforms and develop and maintain content. The range of subjects is broad, but all are employment-focussed. Online instruction is an important part of this position. 
 Job Description and Responsibilities: 
 This is an academic and technical position. This position focusses on reviewing, assessing, sorting and refining multi-format teaching materials, preparing them for online delivery, testing and adding to the course framework. This position reports to the Director of Education, who will work with you to provide you with guidelines, structure and timelines and provide support to develop full online curricula for our programs. In line with industry-specific standards, you may also be called on to research and create vocabulary and skills lists, regulatory references as required, course outlines and other documentation to support a program. Other duties include proofreading, records maintenance, delivering online training sessions and carrying out inter-departmental liaison activities. 
 
 Transition existing or develop new curriculum and teaching materials as needed 
 Participate in initial research and assessment and text and materials selection 
 Create quizzes, games and other multimedia assets 
 Set the requirements and goals for trainees and programs and establish the daily/weekly content delivery schedules 
 Deliver online training sessions as needed 
 
 Ideal Qualifications  : 
 
 English speaker with first-rate language skills and a degree in a related field 
 Experience in program or curriculum development or possess the necessary academic skills 
 Several years of adult teaching experience, particularly in ESL or vocational training, and have training or education consulting and management experience 
 Working experience with online content transition and e-learning delivery 
 Demonstrate clarity, attention to detail and organization in thought, writing, and action 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $30.00 /hour 
 Experience: 
 
 Online Education: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Adult Education: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Vancouver, BC (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
