Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Night Crew Team Member 
 Réno-Dépôt 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 The Stocker meets and exceeds the department’s requirements by offering courteous service and taking initiatives to meet the store’s merchandise loading/unloading and computer-assisted receiving needs, among other things. 
 Responsibilities 
 Distribute and unpack all merchandise received throughout the day 
Ensure that merchandise is placed in the appropriate departments, execute inventory counts, stock shelves, install signage, and place overstock on the top shelves 
Pay particular attention to product presentation, and perform rotations in designated areas 
Prepare and load merchandise in delivery trucks (manually or using appropriate equipment) 
Drive a forklift in accordance with the Company’s procedures and policies 
Ensure daily maintenance on equipment and keep maintenance records up to date 
Ensure department is in order at the end of the shift 
Comply with the Company’s policies and procedures regarding loss prevention and health and safety 
Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You enjoy physical work, you perform your duties in a very thorough manner, and you have a valid driver’s licence? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! Proficiency with material handling equipment will be considered an asset. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
