Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Greenhouse Worker 
 Tilray 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Greenhouse Worker – Permanent Full-time 
 Located:  Nanaimo BC, 1100 Maughan Road V9X 1J2 
 Do you like working with plants? Do you have a green thumb and strong attention to detail? 
Do you want to work and learn from some of the nicest people who are awesome at their job? 
 The Greenhouse Worker reports to the Assistant Manager Production and is part of a team responsible for caring for our crops to help produce quality cannabis that will help improve the lives of our patients! Please note that duties and responsibilities of this role are performed in an indoor facility. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Working closely with the Production Leads the Greenhouse Worker will assist in: 
Perform DAILY crop maintenance (repetitious duty, every day) 
Propagation, potting and harvesting of cannabis cuttings as per Standard Operating Procedures and in compliance with Good Manufacturing Practises 
Set up production materials required for harvest 
Perform root ball removal (post-harvest) 
Move plants from one location to another 
Observe the health of the plant and alert the Lead of observations; attention to detail is important to ensure the qualify of the life of the plants 
Harvest preparation and trimming 
Crop rotation 
Ensure cleanliness of production area by effectively setting-up, operating and taking-down all sanitation equipment 
Wash, sanitize tools and equipment 
Work safe to protect yourself and your co-workers. 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Grade 9 education required 
Comfortable working in a job that has standardized processes, can be routine in nature and can remain attentive throughout shifts up to 12 hours long. 
Must be able to read and write in English 
Must be able to physically lift 40 lbs regularly throughout the day. 
Work experience in a greenhouse or production line is preferable. 
Horticulture experience is an asset or genuine desire to work with plants 
“Can-do” attitude and enjoys working on a team 
Can give and take feedback in a positive manner 
Once trained, capable of multi-tasking with minimal supervision 
Basic computer skills considered an asset 
Ability to be flexible and work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment 
 What we offer: 
 Compensation:  $17.50 per hour for FT Permanent 
 Benefits:  Employer paid premiums for health, dental and medical benefits. 
Company RSP program, matches up to 3% of wages earned in a year. 
 Tilray Canada Ltd. is a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products. 
 Apply via: 
Ross.Fenwick@Tilray.com 
https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/ 
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs 
https://ca.indeed.com/ 
https://www.workbc.ca/jobs-careers 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
