Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Team Leader 
 Dollarama L.P. 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 As a provider of essential everyday necessities, our Dollarama stores remain open and continue to recruit new members for our teams to provide a continued service to millions of Canadians during this COVID-19 pandemic. For your safety and that of our employees, we have implemented additional cleaning and disinfecting procedures in-store. 
 Dollarama is Canada’s leading national operator of dollar stores and has grown to become a Canadian success story and a household name. Our head office, distribution centre, and warehouses are located in Montreal. Approximately 20,000 retail employees work in our corporate stores located across the country. 
 At Dollarama, we are determined to meet and exceed our customers’ needs by providing a positive and consistent shopping experience, with compelling value, and a broad assortment of everyday consumer products that are designed to generate consumer loyalty. 
 Position Summary 
 The Assistant Team Leader provides support to the Store Manager, Assistant-Manager and Team Leader in overseeing the daily retail store operations and in the absence of the Store Manager, Assistant-Manager and Team Leader, the Assistant Team Leader ensures that store opening/closing and asset management procedures are followed. 
 Key Accountabilities 
 The Assistant Team Leader is responsible for the following: 
 · Managing the resources of the store to maximize results and store appearance while making sure to constantly have inventory on the shelves; 
 · Ensuring that employees work safely; 
 · Ensuring that company rules and regulations are explained, understood and followed by all team members; 
 · Operating a cash register; 
 · Assisting in receiving and stocking of all merchandise; 
 · Ensuring the established merchandising practices are followed; 
 · Providing quality customer service; and 
 · Ensuring store cleanliness. 
 Job Requirements 
 · Minimum of one year of relevant experience in the retail industry; 
 · Ability to work in a fast paced and high volume environment; 
 · Ability to efficiently organize time and manage priorities; 
 · Strong leadership and communication skills; and 
 · Flexibility with regard to availabilities and work schedules (day, evening, week-end). 
 If you are excited by the opportunity to join a dynamic team and work for a highly successful and growing Canadian company, please apply online or apply in person at one of our stores located in Newmarket, ON. 
 We thank all interested applicants. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted by our recruitment team. Please note that accommodations are available on request for candidates participating in our recruitment and selection process. 
 **  WARNING **  : Dollarama will  never  ask you to send personal information such as your full name, address, date of birth or Social Insurance Number to us via email. Should you receive any job posting or information request asking you to complete a form or send personal information to someone claiming to be a Dollarama employee we encourage you to delete that message without replying. Requests such as the ones referenced here may be an attempt by someone outside of Dollarama to obtain your personal information for the purpose of identity theft. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 retail: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
