Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Post Office Assistant - Term - On Call 
 Canada Post - Postes Canada 
 __Baie-ste-anne, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Requisition Id:  22922 
 Business Function:  Retail 
 Primary City:  Baie Ste Anne 
 Other Location(s): 
 Province:  New Brunswick 
 Employment Type:  On Call 
 Employment Status:  Term 
 Language Requirement:  Bilingual Imperative (-BB) 
 Employee Class and Level:  RVSGD11 - Level 1 
 Working Hours:  On Call 
 Number of Vacancies:  1 
 Salary:  $16.71 hourly rate 
 Job Closing Date (dd/mm/yyyy):  16/12//2019 
 Job Description 
 If you have ambition, talent and drive, consider a fast-moving career with Canada Post. We are currently seeking an on-call Post Office Assistant who will use a customer-focused approach when providing counter services to customers. 
 Note:  The ideal candidate should reside in the community. Applicants outside the community in which the Post Office is located may be considered as needed. 
 Job Responsibilities 
Sell postal products and service to the business community and public 
Sort, distribute and process mail into appropriate classifications 
Provide customers with information and forms 
Address delivery and service difficulties to resolve problems thoroughly and quickly 
Job Responsibilities (continued) 
Qualifications 
High school or provincial equivalency and/or experience in business administration 
Training and/or experience interacting with the public in a retail and/or service environment, including sales and cash transactions 
Understanding of general or post office accounting systems. 
Physically fit to lift mail containers of up to 50 lb, push or pull boxes, sort mail and stand for extended periods of time 
Flexibility to be available for temporary, on-call work 
Other Information 
 CANDIDATES WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE: 
A character reference letter 
 Note:  The ideal candidate should reside in the community. Applicants within a 50 km radius of the Post Office may be considered as needed. 
 As part of the selection process selected candidates will be required to complete a security screening process. 
 Safety Sensitive Positions 
This position may be considered a Safety Sensitive position. 
 Employment Equity 
Canada Post is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and visible minorities. 
 Conflict of Interest 
The Conflict of Interest Policy prohibits employees from hiring, supervising or reporting to, directly or indirectly via the reporting hierarchy, their immediate family or close personal relations. Should you feel that you may be in an actual or potential Conflict of Interest in regard to this job opportunity, you must communicate with the designated Human Resources representative. 
 Accommodation 
If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 Important Message 
Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the requirements as Canada Post cannot make assumptions about your education and experience. We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Leadership Behaviours 
Decision Making – A champion of the organization who takes calculated risks and makes prudent, common sense decisions about current issues, future opportunities and resource requirements in a timely, well thought out manner, that aligns with the corporation's best interests. 
Accountability – An individual who strives for performance excellence and who holds him/herself and direct reports accountable for decisions and actions and for learning from mistakes when intended results are not achieved. 
Business Orientation – A proactive individual who understands the competitive nature of the business, and is committed to sustaining the business through excellent customer service and new business opportunities. 
Execution – A focused and self-motivated individual who acts with a sense of urgency and delivers on time and within budget, by dealing effectively with challenges and ambiguous situations. 
Leading People – A compelling communicator and leader who engages, motivates and inspires others to achieve results and who encourages personal growth and finding better ways of doing things. 
 Our Values 
Canada Post’s corporate values reflect the principles, beliefs and aspirations that guide our behaviour and shape our culture. 
Transformation – We will innovate and transform to win in the marketplace. 
Customer – We serve Canadians with pride and passion. 
Integrity – We act responsibly and with integrity. 
Respect – We treat each other with fairness and respect. 
Safety – We are committed to a safe and healthy environment for all our stakeholders. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
