Skip to content 
 Miss Osmosis 
 Teaching Resources & Blog 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Blog 
 
 How can we promote careers in STEM to girls in school? 
 Posted by Kayla Williams June 15, 2020 Posted in Girls in STEM ,  Uncategorized Tags: education ,  educators ,  Girls in STEM ,  science ,  stem ,  stemgraduates ,  women in science ,  women in STEM 
 A little while ago I was asked to participate in an upcoming campaign to encourage more girls to study STEM subjects with the company  STA Travel Education . Obviously, being an advocate for Women in STEM I jumped at the chance! Especially when they asked me to write an article about how to promote careers in STEM to girls. One of my favourite parts of being a teacher is being in the position to foster curiosity in my favourite subject, and in particular with girls, who are sadly still underrepresented in the STEM job market, post university. 
 To read the full article, click the image below: 
 How can we promote careers in STEM to girls in school? 
 I had so much fun writing this article and got so much fab advice from people on Twitter! I hope you get a chance to read it, please let me know what you think! 
 My reading list has increased since researching this article. Two books down, loads to go! 
 Some of the inspiration behind this article can be found below if you want to check them out for yourself… 
 •  These  amazing posters from Nevertheless  (a podcast about Women transforming Teaching and Learning through Technology). These are perfect for a classroom display, hopefully with the idea of normalizing women in STEM. I would probably include men on my display too, so we are equalizing the role of women in STEM and not sensationalizing them. 
 •  While you are there, they also have a fab  podcast episode  about why role models in STEM are important for young people to help them pursue their own future STEM career. 
 •  Not entirely focused on women in STEM, but here are a great set of posters available from  Nitty Gritty Science  that you could rotate as ‘Science job of the week’ or just have displayed year-round to show a glimpse into the diversity of careers available in STEM, which all students may not be aware of. 
 •  If you are looking for some fab resources, ready to go and with great diversity, check out these  worksheets  created by  @AlMacHistory . They contain lots of examples of women in STEM and are research based activities. 
 •  Introduce your students to some of the amazing women working at the cutting edge of STEM. There are lots to follow on Twitter, you could possibly arrange a Zoom/Skype meeting with them! I have made this  list  to get you started, however there are so many more out there!! Use social media to your advantage to encourage engagement with those in STEM! 
 • 'Women in Science' is a brilliant book by Rachel Ignotofsky are available online,  here is her website . She has books and postcards outlining women in various fields, not just science! 
 •  Here are some links to ready-made lessons that discuss women in science along with other contexts: 
 https://www.teachingenglish.org.uk/article/women-science 
 https://www.tes.com/teaching-resource/women-in-culture-learn-anywhere-googlearts-12309710 
 https://www.wgu.edu/heyteach/article/7-women-scientists-to-integrate-into-your-lesson-plans1709.html 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted by Kayla Williams June 15, 2020 Posted in Girls in STEM ,  Uncategorized Tags: education ,  educators ,  Girls in STEM ,  science ,  stem ,  stemgraduates ,  women in science ,  women in STEM 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
Exploring the Gender Pay Gap in Education 
 Next Post Next post: 
8 Top Tips for First Year Science Teachers! 
 One thought on "How can we promote careers in STEM to girls in school?" 
 
 Pingback:  8 Top Tips for First Year Science Teachers! - Miss Osmosis 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Latest on Instagram! 
           
 Follow Miss Osmosis on WordPress.com 
 Follow Me 
 
  Instagram  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Pinterest  
 
 Miss Osmosis ,   Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
