Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT (III) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday 1:00 pm to 4:30 pm (17.5 hrs per week) 
Education Level College Diploma 
Career Level Experienced(non-manager) 
 Job Description 
 JD #: 
JD00643 
 Pay Grade: 
6 
 Title: 
Administrative Assistant (III) 
 Unit/Project Description: 
For Department use only. 
 This position will provide administrative support to a senior academic physician within a clinical, academic and medical research environment in the division of neuromuscular and neurometabolics. The successful applicant will provide a full range of administrative duties that require a thorough understanding of the University and Hospital organizations, functions, policies and procedures. You will need to demonstrate superior interpersonal and communication skills. In this role, you will need to be able to handle competing priorities on a daily basis. 
 ‎The successful candidate will have extensive administrative experience supporting an academic researcher in all aspects of medical research, including laboratory and clinical In this role, you will provide some support to the clinical activities, liaising on occasion with patients/parents; the clinic and multi-disciplinary clinical teams. You will regularly interact with various learners and research staff. You will provide direct support to for all aspects of research administrative tasks , including managing both HHS and university research finance accounts and account reconciliation and budget monitoring. 
 To be successful in this position, you must have strong organizational and interpersonal skills and the relevant experience supporting academic physicians, having experience with MACFACTS, Common CV, MOSAIC; working with all levels of learners; extensive experience managing the calendars, and with the McMaster Children’s Hospital Ambulatory clinic management teams. You will have extensive experience supporting administrative research processes, ie grant applications, opening/ closing research accounts, REB, MOSAIC, budget tracking, references, journal submissions, hiring temporary research staff and working with graduate students. 
 Job Summary: 
Oversee the day-to-day administrative operations of a department. Establishes priorities and schedules of projects. Participates in the development and implementation of projects, work methods and procedures and recommends procedural changes to improve unit efficiency, including recommendations on staffing requirements. Responsible for providing direction to others in how to carry out work tasks. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Participate in the development and implementation of projects, work methods and procedures. Recommend procedural changes to improve unit efficiency, including recommendations on staff requirements. 
Follow up on and ensure appropriate implementation of decisions made by supervisor. 
Resolve complex problems within area of responsibility, consult relevant documentation, and liaise with appropriate resource persons to obtain and provide information on a variety of diverse and complex administrative issues. 
Collect, analyze, assess, and summarize information relevant to the decision making process and develop recommendations for final approval and implementation. 
Develop estimates of time and resources for various activities and events. 
Contribute to the development of budgets for review and approval. 
Implement and maintain budgets. Create financial projections and make adjustments to budgets throughout the fiscal year. 
Exercise appropriate controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. 
Establish priorities for general office operations. 
Plan and coordinate a variety of events and activities such as conferences, seminars, and workshops. 
Answer complex inquiries via telephone, email, and in person that are specific in nature and require a specialized knowledge of policies and procedures. 
Utilize discretion and judgment to screen visitors and telephone calls, and notify appropriate personnel. 
Complete financial forms such as travel expense reports, electronic cheque requisitions, purchase orders and journal entries. 
Write a variety of documents such as correspondence, procedure manuals, reports, and minutes. 
Conduct database, literature, and web searches to find references and articles used for a variety of documents, reports, and publications. 
Provide policy and procedure information to others. 
Gather and compile the paperwork required to facilitate hiring and payment processes. 
Collect, verify, and input data into a variety of spreadsheets and databases. 
Coordinate the calendar of supervisor and others and resolve scheduling conflicts. 
Write a variety of formal notes and records such as meeting minutes. 
Update and maintain information on websites and social networks. 
Format, word process, edit, and proofread a variety of documents and materials. 
Apply standard mathematical skills such as calculations, formulas, and equations to perform a variety of calculations. 
Monitor and order office supplies. 
Source and obtain pricing information for office supplies and equipment. 
Set up and maintain filing systems, both electronic and hard copy. 
Classify, sort, and file correspondence, records, and other documents. 
Update and maintain confidential files and records. 
Handle sensitive material in accordance with established policies. 
Assemble, copy, collate, and disseminate a variety of documents and materials. 
Open and distribute incoming mail and faxes. 
Prepare outgoing mail, faxes, and courier shipments. 
 Requirements: 
2 year Community College diploma in Office Administration or related field of study. 
 Requires 4 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
For Department use only. 
 
 Overtime and attendance at before and after hours meetings may be required 
 knowledge of neuromuscular and neurometabolic disorders. 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 Experience with undergraduate, and graduate learners 
 Experience with Common CV; MACFACTS and Word CV's , grant application processes; online publication submissions 
 Financial Acumen - Experience with all aspects or University research accounts (within Faculty of Health Sciences and hospital partners - HHS/McMaster Children’s Hospital),(opening, closing, and managing); MOSAIC 
 experience of the REB process 
 experience of the HRS (Health Research Services processes) 
 Knowledge of Pediatric research. 
 experience of the processes of the McMaster Children’s Hospital, Hamilton Health Sciences 
 Knowledge of medical terminology an asset 
 experience with purchasing services in the hospital and university 
 experience with completing web-based forms 
 experience with overseeing and updating websites 
 Experience working in a child and youth medical environment 
 computer software programs – Skilled with using Microsoft Office Suite, including Office 365 and Outlook, WORD and Excel, Powerpoint; MOSAIC; is expected. 
 HHS hospital EMR systems – Patient Link (EPIC), Meditech, Meditech-ITS, Sovera 
 experience with minute taking 
 experience with interacting with international professional organizations and agencies an asset 
 Problem solving abilities, and the ability to manage competing deadlines effectively and efficiently are required. 
 The need to triage telephone calls and prioritize competing demands makes initiative, mental flexibility, and problem-solving skills essential. 
 The responsible individual must also establish their workflow priorities to ensure that all deadlines are met 
 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
