Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Trade Floor Risk Management 
 Scotiabank 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  91504 
 Cost Centre:  GRM - TFRM - EQUITIES AND COMMODITIES 
 Employee Referral Program – Potential Reward: 
We are committed to investing in our employees and helping you continue your career at Scotiabank. 
 Purpose of Job: 
Ensure that market risks in the Bank’s Global Equity trading business are understood, controlled and reported in accordance with Bank policies and risk appetite. 
Work in close collaboration with the business line as a valued partner by identifying key risks and assessing market conditions. 
Review business line proposals for new products and limit changes and make recommendations to management. 
 Job Responsibilities: 
Market Risk – Oversee market risk exposures for Global Equity business lines (Equity Derivatives, Structured Notes, and Institutional Equity). Communicate to TFRM management on trading risks, trader sentiment and market conditions. Ensure adherence with Bank’s risk appetite and the business mandate. Review and maintain daily risk and limit reports. 
Partnership with Trading – Engage trading groups in a proactive manner to promote open communication between risk and trading. 
New Product & Limit Adjudication – Review new product proposals and make recommendations to TFRM management on limit requests. 
Communication – Communicate regularly with TFRM management on trading activity, trading risk profile, trader sentiment and market developments in covered businesses. Collaborate with other Bank stakeholders to achieve common goals. 
Regulatory & Audit – Participate in external and internal audits and resolution of findings. 
Valuation – Recommend changes in valuation methodology as needed. Maintain valuation governance documents (Official Rate Source Document, Master Configuration and Valuation Reserve Summary) for covered products. Identify risk taking activities and valuation issues through oversight of daily P&L attribution daily and Independent Price Verification (IPV) 
Technology – Participate in enhancement / upgrade of production and risk systems as needed. 
 Job Requirements: 
Quantitative Undergrad (e.g. finance, mathematics, statistics, economics, engineering) plus Masters preferred. Progress towards/completion of CFA/FRM/PRM an asset. 
Deep understanding of financial markets, risk analysis and derivatives valuation. Understanding of Structured Notes valuation and pricing is preferred. 
Must have a mimimum of 3 years relevant work experience. 
Experience working with Tableau is an asset. 
Excellent written and verbal communication 
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment. 
Exceptional problem-solving skills 
 Location(s):  Canada : Ontario : Toronto 
 As Canada's International Bank, we are a diverse and global team. We speak more than 100 languages with backgrounds from more than 120 countries. Our employees are committed to a superior customer experience and use the Bank’s six guiding sales practice principles to ensure they act with honesty and integrity. 
 At Scotiabank, we value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to the Bank, and are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format documents, ASL Interpreter, or Assistive Technology) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. If you require technical assistance, please click here. Candidates must apply directly online to be considered for this role. We thank all applicants for their interest in a career at Scotiabank; however, only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
