[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work at home Jobs for the Disabled 
 Published by  aw1219  on February 27, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 There are a lot of work at home job opportunities for those who people are 55 and up, for teens, students,  stay at home moms , dads, those who live outside the US and even those who are currently disabled. This means that no one is left out of being able to  work from home . If you are receiving SSI or SSDI disability benefits and want to work from home, there are many jobs you can apply to online  here . 
 My Employment Options  is one company that has made it possible for disabled individuals to get free job placement services for their ticket to work program. This program is available to people in 47 different states across the United States. They have several work at home jobs in various categories that you can view right from your computer. 
 In addition to this,  My Employment Options  will set you up with a job counselor that will assist you to find the best possible job that will meet your skill level and help to achieve your financial goals. I have personally recommended several people to the My Employment Options program because it can you to be independent by returning back to the workforce even in 2020! 
 My Employment Options  also helps you to prepare a professional resume, provides you with interview tips and has virtual job fairs to connect you with multiple work at home employers looking for remote workers just like you. Please check out some of their current openings below. 
 Client Care Reps 
 A work at home employer is looking for reps to provide world-class service to current and potential clients of the customer by answering calls and web chats from home. You may also have to deescalate and handle difficult situations, accurately document clients' records, educate them, etc. Requires 1-2 years of contact center experience, good voice quality, excellent computer, and data entry skills. Absolutely no selling or outbound calls involved. 
 Chat Agents 
 Work from home answering customer's product, service, and account related questions via chat as well as research and assist customers in troubleshooting technical issues, empower customers and other duties. Requires 6 months of customer service experience, be familiar with iOS or macOS, have excellent verbal skills, and can type 40 wpm. 
 
 Customer Service 
 Work from home handling 2-3 inbound service and reservation calls per hour, accurately process new vacations, make requested reservations and make changes to existing reservations. Requires strong typing skills, good communication, a quiet workspace, and can work 35-45 hours a week. Company will provide you with phone and computer equipment as well as paid training. 
 Reservation Reps 
 Get paid $14 per hour plus commission with full-time benefits to handle 80 to 100 incoming calls a day to book quality reservations for their locations worldwide. Requires 1-year customer service or sales experience, can do repetitive work, can train for 3 weeks and work 40 hours a week. 
 Tech Support 
 Field technical questions from customers of Fortune 500 brands. This job requires 2 years of college or tech school or applied work experience, be computer literate with good verbal skills. Competitive salary plus bonuses. Must have a dedicated telephone and USB headset. 
 There are many other jobs posted at My Employment Options. You can click here to get access to them. Please share this post, tell your friends, family, and others you know that are disabled but want to work from home. 
 
 Here are some additional companies that hire those who are disabled to work from home. 
 NTI 
 Direct Interactions 
 You can find other work at home jobs for those who are disabled by visiting the  weekly job section  and  Friday freebie  pages of this blog. Don't forget to subscribe to my  YouTube channel  for further updates and join our Facebook groups for additional jobs. 
 
 Workersonboard Community 
 Real Work from Home Jobs 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  work at home jobs for the disabled work at home jobs for those who are disabled work from home jobs for the disabled 
 Tags:  at home jobs for the disabled online jobs for the disabled remote jobs for the disabled work from home jobs for the disabled 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,477 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
