
 __ 
 
 Services 
 Us 
 Contact 
 Jobs 
 DE 
 EN 
 
 Career 
 Current job offers 
 Get to know us and join our team. We offer more than just a job. We give you the opportunity to work on exciting projects. Projects that aim to move and astound people. 
 Sabrina Schmidt 
 Recruitment Management 
 Tel: +49 (0)5361 503 45 35 
 karriere@volke-kd.de 
 You want to know more about working with us? 
 Here are some of our colleagues talking about their fields of activity at Volke Kommunikations-Design. 
 Technology. Future. Passion. 
 Stadtglanz Y Article – December 2018 issue 
 Picture: Thomas Koschel Fotografiker 
 from the “Stadtglanz Y” city magazine (December 2018 issue, German only) 
 When vision becomes reality: the workshops at Volke Kommunikations-Design are full of electricians, machining technicians, varnishers, carpenters as well as metal and model builders, who create extraordinary products and put each and every idea into the suitable design. In this way, exhibits, media interaction and complete theme worlds are formed for trade fairs, exhibitions and showrooms. 
 Gino Autieri, Karsten Brand and Michael Conrad talk about their work at Volke Kommunikations-Design. 
 Read the full story… 
 
 We are inventors inside 
 STADTGLANZ Y ARTICLE – SEPTEMBER 2018 ISSUE 
 The team „Develop“ at Volke Kommunikations-Design includes inventors, engineers and software developers – here, complex hardware and software solutions are developed for tomorrow. Be it multimedia application, interactive exhibit or prototype, our experts realise different projects – for trade fairs, exhibitions and showrooms. 
 Irina Schumann, Jan Renckly und Martin Kopplow talk about their work at Volke Kommunikations-Design. 
 Read the full story… 
 
 Picture: Thomas Koschel Fotografiker 
 from the “Stadtglanz Y” city magazine (September 2018 issue, German only) 
 Technik formvollendet in Design vermitteln 
 STADTGLANZ Y ARTICLE – MAY 2018 ISSUE 
 Picture: Marc Stantien / Stadtglanz Y 
 from the “Stadtglanz Y” city magazine (May 2018 issue, German only) 
 Beauty comes from outside – especially in the world of the automotive industry. A good design cleverly combines aesthetics and physics. It is about a form of presentation that is not only visually attractive but also clever in regard to technology and which can be handled intuitively. In this world, the staff of Volke Kommunikations-Design is working. Organised in the field of competence „Create“ – which is divided into different departments, the staff turns complex content into clear messages in word and image. For this, designers, editors and media designers work hand in hand. 
 Anne Derksen, Fabian Garn und Salvatore Falcone talk about their work at Volke Kommunikations-Design. 
 Read the full story… 
 
 An after-work beer on Times Square 
 STADTGLANZ Y ARTICLE – FEBRUARY 2018 ISSUE 
 “It started with cutting open engines for the trade fair department at Volkswagen,” explains Eduard Donzow, Head of Business Development. These cut-away exhibits were just the first step, and were soon followed by interactive exhibits and a wide range of other formats designed to bring technical concepts to life and make them easier to understand. The goal: to use media and staging techniques to create maximum impact at trade fairs, exhibitions and showrooms. 
 Wencke Freund and Tim Zielinski talk about their work as project managers at Volke Kommunikations-Design. 
 Read the full story… 
 
 Picture: Marc Stantien / Stadtglanz Y 
 from the “Stadtglanz Y” city magazine (February 2018 issue, German only) 
 
 
 
 We are certified according to ISO/IEC 27001:2017 as well as according to the framework requirements for product security in the German Automotive Industry (Prototype Protection) by DEKRA. 
   
 
 
 Navigation 
 
 Home 
 Services 
 Us 
 Jobs 
 Contact 
 Imprint 
 Terms of Use 
 Data protection 
 AGB 
 
 
 
 Services 
 
 Secure data transfer 
 VKD exhibit service 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Volke Kommunikations-Design GmbH 
Borsigstraße 6 
D-38446 Wolfsburg 
 T:  +49 (0) 5361 · 50 31 60 
F: +49 (0) 5361 · 5 17 75 
E:  mail@volke-kd.de 
 * [ __](https://de.linkedin.com/company/volke-kommunikations-design-gmbh)
 
