
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 ABG is looking for a Graphic Designer in New York, NY, USA. Not an Ordinary Graphic Designer but the kind of Graphic Designer that makes other Graphic Designers question their Graphic Designer-ness. 
 About 
 Please apply for position here: https://www.authenticbrandsgroup.com/career-test 
 Who We Are 
Authentic Brands Group (ABG) is a brand development, marketing and entertainment company, which owns a portfolio of global media, entertainment and lifestyle brands. ABG elevates and builds the long-term value of more than 50 consumer brands and properties by partnering with best-in-class manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers. We are committed to transforming brands by delivering compelling product, content, business and immersive experiences. We create and activate original marketing strategies to drive the success of our brands across all consumer touchpoints, platforms and emerging media. 
 Why ABG 
You’ll be able to access the resources and scale, while leveraging innovative technology and nimble environment. What we’re saying is, this isn’t your average day job. If you’re hungry to drive ideas into action and own your career, let’s chat. Our team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future of our brands. With the help of some of the brightest minds in retail, marketing, licensing, legal and more, we are building the intersection of digital and experiential marketing to help achieve that mission. We reimagine, evolve and transform brands! 
 What You’ll Do 
Reporting directly to the VP Creative Director, the Graphic Designer is a highly creative person who can work through and manage projects from concept to completion with minimal supervision. You have 
 a strong, clean design aesthetic and a meticulous eye for detail. You will be developing marketing materials for our iconic celebrity brand portfolio. 
 What you’ll be working on 
· Pitch decks 
 · Sales collateral 
 · Logos 
 · Infographics 
 · Style guides 
 · Event branding and assets 
 · Signage and client deliverables 
 · Packaging design 
 · Print design 
 · Point of sale mock-ups 
 · Trade show graphics 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7736-abg-graphic-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Design 
 Date Posted 
 November 23, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Hiring Manager 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Sweet office 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
