Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoctoral Fellow Position, Adolescent Development Lab, University of Alberta 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Arts - Psychology Department 
Competition No. - A108043053 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The Adolescent Development Lab at University of Alberta, led by Dr. Yao Zheng, has several openings available for full-time postdoctoral fellows. The starting dates for these positions can be as early as October 2020 but this is negotiable. The initial appointments are for one year, renewable for a second year depending on performance, and up to a third year depending on performance and grant funding. Salary will be commensurate with experience. 
 The successful candidate(s) will help coordinate research projects that investigate adolescents’ and young adults’ daily experiences and well-being. Primary responsibilities include overseeing project progress, conducting data analysis, preparing for conference presentations and scientific manuscript writing for publication in peer-reviewed journals, and supervising research assistants. Postdoc fellows will have opportunities to work on daily parent-adolescent dyadic data, adolescent ecological momentary assessment data, as well as twin daily diary data (this position requires prior twin modeling training experience). There will also be opportunities to work on conventional multi-wave longitudinal data. 
 Required Qualifications 
 A doctoral degree in developmental psychology, human development and family studies, applied psychology, educational psychology, or a related area 
Strong background/interests in adolescent socioemotional development and diary research 
Evidence of independent scholarship, strong interpersonal and communication skills, and outstanding academic English writing skills 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Strong analytical skills such as structural equation modeling and multilevel modeling using Mplus, R, or SAS 
Prior publication experience at peer-reviewed journals 
Experiences with collecting and analyzing diary and other intensive longitudinal data 
 To Apply 
 Please submit a cover letter (2-page maximum) that describes your relevant training and career goals, up-to-date CV, research statement (2-page maximum), up to three representative publications, as well as the name and contact information of three references in one pdf file to: yao.zheng@ualberta.ca with “Postdoc Application” in the subject line. Review of the applications will begin immediately until the positions are filled. For more information, please contact Dr. Zheng (yao.zheng@ualberta.ca). 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How to Apply 
Email 
yao.zheng@ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
