  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Stevenage, England 
 Rate:  Up to £28 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Project Manager 
 A Local Authority based in Hertfordshire is looking for a Project Manager to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency role and the successful candidate must have a full relevant construction qualification, strong experience within construction works/residential projects and refurbishments and ideally a strong background in Local Authority projects. 
 The main purpose of the role is to ensure that all relevant goals in the project are met, be responsible for the successful procurement, planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure of a project or projects. 
 To work closely with all partners and stakeholders such as Architects, Engineers, Surveyors, Service Providers / Contractors and Residents, and line managing the Clerk of Works allocated to this post. 
 The successful candidate must have experience with the following; 
 Managed a decent homes contract before 
Managed site staff i.e. 
 the Clerk of Works. 
Worked with residents. 
 (Also Councillors and Board members would be a bonus) 
Successfully negotiated with and managed contractors. 
Have done this role in a local authority, RSL or large public or private sector landlord. 
 The main responsibilities associated with the role are as follows; 
 Contract Administration - The role will be required to carry out the full range of contract administration duties in relation to works procured under Joint Contracts Tribunal or Term Partnering Contract (JCT, TPC) and other forms of contract. 
 This work will include but not be limited to: 
Procurement of Works - Co-ordinating and managing the procurement process using consultants and other specialists as well as in-house staff to ensure projects are procured in compliance with current regulations, Stevenage Borough Council policies and procedures. 
Residents and other end users - Co-ordinating and managing all processes necessary to prepare residents and other end users for the proposed works including formal resident consultation events for both leaseholders and tenants. 
 Programme Planning - To validate the programme and planning of the work elements within the service provider's / contractors submissions, producing their own analysis showing actual progress against the planned programme and understanding the timing of each stage. 
 Liaising with the service provider and other partners to ensure that the project is completed on time. 
 Staff Management - Responsible for the Clerk of Works and any other staff allocated to the post numbers dictated by the number and type of projects being managed at any one time. 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 Managed a decent homes contract before 
Managed site staff i.e. 
 the Clerk of Works. 
Worked with residents. 
 (Also Councillors and Board members would be a bonus) 
Successfully negotiated with and managed contractors. 
Have done this role in a local authority, RSL or large public or private sector landlord. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering £28 p/hr Umbrella ltd (approx. 
 £690 p/week after deductions) for the duration of the role. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £28 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 
 
 Location:  Stevenage, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-05 17:38:03 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
