Top 
   
 Submit a request   Sign in 
 
 Workable Support 
 Manage Account 
 Careers Page 
 
 How to embed jobs on your website 
 Nick DeSimone 
 
 January 06, 2021 15:05 
 Updated 
 
 Follow 
 Super Admins 
 All plans 
 You can easily create a careers page hosted on your company's website with the Workable job widget. The widget is a few lines of code that you copy and paste onto your website. It will display your published positions automatically, all with your custom styling and formatting. 
 
 Accessing the widget 
 To access the job widget, navigate to the   Integrations  section of your account by clicking your profile icon in the upper right. Then click on   Company Website . 
 Start by selecting the organization options for your jobs. Choose to display them by location or department and then refine the details of what is displayed below. 
 As you select different options, the code beneath the options will update. When you're happy with the layout you selected, copy the code and have it added to your website on your careers page. 
 Note for WordPress users:  If you plan to insert the code in a WordPress post, then  this plugin  can be used. If you prefer to insert the code on a different page of your WordPress site (page, sidebar, etc.), then  this plugin  should work better. 
 
 Embedded job examples 
 Initial listing by job, Group by location: 
 Initial listing by location, showing state/region: 
 Initial listing by department: 
 
 Extra customization 
 The embedded widget can be  further customized with CSS and Javascript . Change the specifics of what's displayed (e.g. hide jobs in certain departments), update the padding, color and background for different elements, display a custom message if no jobs are available and more. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Was this helpful? 
 49 out of 65 found this helpful 
 Have more questions?  Submit a request 
 Related articles 
 
 Can I change the styling options for the embedded job widget? 
 Using the Workable API to create a careers page 
 How to create a Basic Careers Page 
 Workable API Documentation 
 Connecting your LinkedIn Company Page to Workable 
 
 Not using Workable yet?  Try for free , or  Talk to us .  Privacy Policy    Site Status 
