  
 Post jobs for free with one click to top job boards 
 Post this Leasing Agent ad 
 with a free trial of Workable 
 Post a job right now 
 When you submit your job ad below, we’ll post it to multiple free job sites, all at once. 
 Review applications and schedule interviews 
 View all of your candidates on your Workable hiring dashboard and move them through your pipeline quickly. 
 Evaluate and hire candidates 
 Work with your team to determine who’s best, then make an offer. 
 **Powered by Workable  ** 
 Workable is a hiring platform that gets companies from requisition to offer letter, faster. We’ll help you find great candidates, decide who’s best and automate the process along the way. 
 Step 1 - Tell us about your company 
 Who’s hiring? Enter your details below: 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Using a non-company email might delay the verification of your account and publication of your jobs. 
 Company name 
 Company url 
 Company phone 
 This information is required to submit your job to the following job boards: 
 
 Indeed 
 LinkedIn 
 Monster Controlled Listings 
 Google for Jobs 
 Glassdoor 
 Facebook Jobs 
 Trovit 
 Recruitnet 
 JobisJob 
 National Labor Exchange (NLx) 
 Careerjet 
 Jooble 
 Resume Library 
 Livecareer 
 Jobcase 
 ZipRecruiter 
 Workable 
 
 There is no charge to post this job, and you can withdraw the post at any time. 
 Step 2 - Customize your job post 
 Looking for: 
 
 Title 
 
 in 
 
 
 Location 
 
 
 Description 
 
 
 We are looking for capable Leasing Agent to present and lease properties to prospective lessors. The goal is scout potential clients, turn them into actual ones and achieve high occupancy rates.   Responsibilities     Present properties and provided amenities in a positive light to prospective tenants   Act as a landlord for property owners and help them navigate the property market   Advertise available properties using a variety of media and promoting materials   Determine the needs, living standards and economic viability of prospect customers   Confirm rental application data and personal references   Stay knowledgeable of the property market status   Provide information on all aspects of properties (expansion, zoning, crime etc)   Negotiate leasing terms and conditions and close deals   Ensure proper maintenance and inspect properties periodically   
 
 Requirements 
 
   Proven working experience as Leasing Agent   Working knowledge of real estate law and leasing practices   Proven track of successful sales record   Up to date with property market status   MS Office familiarity   Excellent communication and negotiation skills   Persuasive with marketing and sales skills   Customer service orientation   BS degree in real estate or similar   
 Yes, I’d like to receive new resources like tutorials, templates and the latest hiring advice, and hear about Workable events. (You can opt out at any time.) 
 View our  privacy policy . 
 What happens next? 
 WE’LL REVIEW YOUR JOB POST 
 After posting your job, our expert support team will review it to make sure it’s optimized for top performance. If we have any recommendations, we’ll email them to you. 
 WE’LL LET YOU KNOW WHEN IT’S APPROVED 
 Typically, it takes 12-24 hours for job boards to approve a posting. No need to keep hitting refresh — we’ll email you as soon as it’s approved! 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 [ ]: Required 
