Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Learning Experience Specialist 
 Hootsuite 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We're looking for a Learning Experience Specialist to help us scale and deliver deliver online, on-demand education to Hootsuite customers and prospects. You'll leverage an array of software tools, including our Learning Management System, to provide a seamless, engaging and sticky learning experience. You will be based in our Vancouver or Toronto office, and will report into the Manager, Online Services. 
 WHAT YOU 'LL DO: 
Be our go-to expert for all things related to the delivery of online, on-demand education. 
Manage all aspects of Hootsuite Academy's Learning Platform, including everything from 3rd-party integrations to course buildouts. 
Use analytics tools to monitor and report on actionable education and assessment-related metrics. 
Using existing education assets, build out (and maintain) certification courses in a learner-centric way, fully exploiting the functionality of the learning platform. 
Maintain mastery of the education technology landscape, including emerging tools, features and platforms. Recommend and implement changes where feasible and appropriate. 
Use e-learning tools (e.g., Articulate) to build out custom educational experiences for Enterprise accounts. Where possible, implement adult learning techniques to improve knowledge retention. 
Project manage the delivery of education in multiple languages (implementing and updating subtitling files and coordination translations). 
Act as primary point of contact for customer troubleshooting. Assign and resolve issues quickly, identify root causes, and create processes to address repeat issues. 
Continually drive technical and process improvements in the learning experience, to further Hootsuite's goal of scalable customer and prospect enablement. 
Liaise with vendors of SAAS products used. 
 WHAT YOU 'LL NEED: 
Ample relevant work experience administering a mainstream Learning Management System and authoring e-learning tools (e.g., Articulate Storyline, Captivate, Lectora). 
Undergraduate Degree from an accredited university, or equivalent work experience; additional training or certification in adult learning, instructional design or educational technology is a definite asset. 
Knowledge of HTML and SCORM is an asset. 
 Accountability:  holds self and others accountable to meet commitments 
 Collaboration and Teamwork:  works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs 
 Creativity and Innovation:  seeks new and better ways of doing things, generates original and imaginative ideas, products, or solutions 
 Customer Focus:  demonstrates a desire to proactively help and serve internal/external customers meet their needs 
 Open Communication:  clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding 
 Perseverance:  pursues everything with energy, drive, and a need to finish—doesn't give up 
 Problem Solving:  uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems 
 Process/Project Management:  skilled at figuring out and managing the processes and timelines necessary to get work accomplished 
 Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity:  can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects 
 WHO YOU ARE: 
Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. 
Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. 
Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. 
Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
 Share our values:  We champion the power of human connection. We're united globally by our shared values of innovation, grit, humility, and passion for customer success. 
 Make an impact:  Working at the speed of social, we create value for our customers by delivering solutions that power relationships at scale. Our pace of work enables fast learning and fosters an environment where you can stretch yourself and make an impact. 
 Learn and grow:  We're committed to growing the capabilities of our people. We are building a learning community where you can work with diverse individuals, explore new ways of thinking, and expand your capabilities. Our employees are teachers and learners who work out loud and share their knowledge to enhance each other's growth. 
 We are dedicated to building a diverse community, one where employees feel a sense of belonging, and are valued for their contributions and the perspectives they bring. Our purpose is to champion the power of human connection and the heart of connection is inclusion. You belong here. 
 Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 #LI-NS1 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
