Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 __ Dec 30 Jan 18  __ Omri Shabath 
 Are you considering a career change? Are you wondering about what life is like for an apartment property manager? 
 A career in property management offers the opportunity for lots of growth and competitive benefits. Starting down the road can seem intimidating at first, but it may not be as difficult as you think. 
 Here’s what you need to know about breaking into apartment property management. 
 1. How Do You Become an Apartment Property Manager? 
 If you want to manage properties, it helps to have a bachelor’s degree in a related field. These include real estate, accounting, or business management. It’s possible to get hired without one, but many of today’s companies will be looking for a degree. 
 The specific requirements for becoming a property manager will vary by state. It will also depend upon the types of properties you wish to manage. 
 For example, in the state of New York, you must be at least twenty years old and complete a 75-hour real estate salesperson qualifying course. You must also pass a qualifying exam. 
 In addition, you’ll need to pass a forty-five-hour real estate broker course in order to become a property manager. You’ll also need to have at least one year of experience as a licensed real estate salesperson. If not, two years of experience in general real estate can also qualify you. 
 While more specific certifications may not be necessary in order to obtain a property management position, it can say something important to potential employers and clients about your dedication and professionalism. You may want to get certified as a Certified Management Professional (RPM) or a Certified Apartment Manager (CAM.) 
 2. How Do You Get Your First Property Manager Position? 
 You’ll want to hustle when you’re looking for your first job as an apartment property manager. Regularly check job boards and sign yourself up for  social media networking  sites where you can find out about available positions. 
 You’ll want to let any professional contacts know that you’re looking for a property manager position. This includes any real estate agents and any other pros in the field you communicate with online. Let them know what you’re qualifications are and how confident you are that you can do a good job. 
 It’s also important to stay updated on the latest practices in your industry by following manager blogs online. These are also great places to learn about potential employment opportunities. 
 3. What Skills Do You Need? 
 Besides the right education and certifications, property managers also need certain  “soft” skills  that will make them successful. 
 Important skills include attention to detail and good communication. You’ll want to respond to all emails and phone calls as quickly as possible. 
 A good property manager will also have the sales skills to continue to market a property. The right kind of professional will be positive, patient, and good at fielding any problems that could come their way. 
 4. What Will Your Responsibilities Be Like? 
 A property manager will wear many hats from day to day, so you’ll want to be certain you’re ready to handle all of your potential duties. 
 Property managers in apartment buildings are responsible for advertising and filling vacancies. They’ll also need to negotiate leases and enforce them when necessary. 
 A property manager will need to determine a fair rent rate. This requires taking a look at the overhead involved in running a building. You’ll also need to look into depreciation, taxes, and profits. 
 A property manager will need to show units and collect security deposits. They’re also responsible for fielding tenant complaints and enforcing the rules. 
 You’ll need to make purchases that will benefit your property. For example,  check out these electronic lockers . Remember that there will always be ways for you to improve and develop the building. 
 A good property manager will regularly inspect a property and see that needed repairs are attended to right away. They will plan renovations. A property manager is also responsible for contracting with landscaping and snow removal companies to make sure that the property is clean and safe. 
 Property managers will need to have excellent bookkeeping skills, as well as the patience and honesty to deal with tenants. They’ll also need to have knowledge of local laws and regulations. 
 Property managers will be able to identify needed repairs and maintenance based upon their education and experience. They’ll also need to have the people skills to find quality tenants to live and stay on the property. 
 5. What Are the Benefits of Property Management? 
 A career in property management means that you’ll have a nice income and solid benefits. You’ll also be eligible for tax deductions, especially if you’re spending money in order to make repairs. 
 Many property managers enjoy the flexibility of their new career. They’ll be in a position to make important decisions about costs, terms, and contracts. 
 Property managers are in high demand, and you’ll have your fair share of opportunities if you’re good at what you do. This is because the job requires such a unique blend of skill sets. 
 Property management opens the door to career growth in real estate. It’s also a great way to meet new people, as you’ll be regularly communicating with folks from all walks of life. If you’re a friendly person, property management could be a networking-friendly career for you. 
 Movin’ Up 
 A career as an apartment property manager is about so much more than spreadsheets and ads. It’s a step up in the real estate industry that will allow you to bring many different skills together. And it could be the key to a fulfilling future. 
 Don’t stop getting smart about your future now. For more great advice on exciting careers, read our blog today. 
 Posted in  Career 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 5 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 7 Tips for Finding the Best Cable Provider in Your Area 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
