HaltonRecycles 
 Encouraging the 3Rs - reduce, reuse, recycle - for all residents, schools and businesses in Halton Region, ON 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 HaltonRecycles Privacy Notice & Disclaimer 
 
 <- Halton residents divert a lot of waste at Special Waste Drop-off Days 
 Do you have too much recycling? -> 
 Four ways waste management is changing – and what this means for jobs 
 Posted on  April 15, 2013  by  Halton Guest Blogger 
 The waste management industry you see today has come a long way. In contrast to the historical approach of managing waste disposal through land filling or burning, the emerging model for waste management focuses on reducing waste production and diverting waste from disposal. While it’s great to know these changes are happening, it’s even more beneficial to understand what these trends mean for jobs. We’re looking closely at the employment impact of four key industry trends. 
 Trend 1: Strong Industry Growth 
 ****I’ll start with the very best news for waste management -- this industry is in a strong phase of growth. From 2004 to 2006, the solid waste management sector grew by 17% in revenues, and by 2010, over 70,000 professionals were working in this area. 
 Over the next few years, these employment numbers are also expected to grow. According to a recent labour market study, the demand for workers in solid waste management is set to increase by an annual compound rate of 6%, or about 4,000 new positions (   Solid Waste Management Labour Market Study , ECO Canada, 2010). As a result, workers who have the right skills and training can expect good employment prospects in waste management, now and into the future. 
 Trend 2: Modified Skills in the Green Economy 
 ****At the same time that there’s a growing demand for workers in waste management, there’s also an intensifying need for  skills  in waste management. 
 Here’s how this subtle distinction works. 
 Over the course of  two major studies on green employment in Canada , we found that the main impact of the green economy on jobs is the adaptation or modification of existing work. As a result, many workers must add new competencies to their skill-sets because they must perform a greater range of environment-related activities in their work. 
 Along this vein, waste management skills are currently required for jobs in sectors that are not traditionally associated with waste management. In fact, 10% of green job vacancies in environmental protection listed a requirement for competencies in waste management, such as characterizing waste or monitoring waste disposal and reduction programs. An additional 8% of job openings in alternative/sustainable transportation and 6% of job postings in sustainable planning & urban design also mentioned waste management skills (   The Green Jobs Map: Tracking Employment through Canada’s Green Economy   ,  ECO Canada, 2012). 
 In this way, waste management is increasingly relevant for work in a greater variety of areas. 
 Trend 3: Shift from Disposal to Diversion 
 ****The green economy is one meta-trend that is shaping waste management careers, and the emergence of the “cradle-to-cradle” concept is another. At its most basic, the idea of cradle-to-cradle  involves diverting waste from disposal to help conserve landfill space and preserve natural resources. In order to reach the goal of producing less waste in the first place, many companies are now considering new ways to redesign products and packaging, substitute materials, recycle, and use progressive waste disposal technology, such as anaerobic digestion of waste products. 
 These are exciting times for waste management, with a growing need for professionals who have the competencies to support not just waste disposal, but also waste diversion. 
 Trend 4: High Retirement Rates in Upper Management 
 ****This last trend shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise. Many existing employees in waste management are nearing retirement age: 39% of the waste management workforce are 50 years of age or older. Employees in this age category are more likely to have at least 10 years of experience in their field, and as a result of this seniority, many of these professionals also hold positions in upper management (   Solid Waste Management Labour Market Study ). Another key characteristic of these workers is their level of education. Thirty-seven percent of senior-level waste management employees have a Bachelor’s degree, while 40% hold a Master’s. 
 The big question is, of course, what happens when these workers retire? 
 Based on the current characteristics of these professionals, there will be a strong future demand for highly-educated staff who have the leadership skills and general expertise required for management positions. 
 Together, these four trends are driving a dramatic shift in the work opportunities and requirements for waste management professionals. It will be truly exciting to see what the coming years will bring. 
 What are your own thoughts of the major trends in waste management? Where do you see this industry heading? 
 About this guest blogger: 
 
 Angie Knowles 
Guest Blogger 
 I'm Angie Knowles. As a Communications Coordinator at  ECO Canada , I stay up-to-date on the latest findings from our ongoing labour market research and share these results with our target audiences in formats that are as meaningful and relevant as possible. For an avid writer and major bookworm, this role is pretty close to perfect. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Education ,  Green Living  and tagged  career ,  ECO Canada ,  environmental education ,  green job ,  green jobs ,  industry trend ,  job ,  national environmental education week ,  solid waste management ,  sustainability ,  sustainable ,  waste management ,  waste management industry . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Halton residents divert a lot of waste at Special Waste Drop-off Days 
 Do you have too much recycling? -> 
 3 Responses to  Four ways waste management is changing – and what this means for  jobs 
 
 Trey Y. Brock says: 
 
  May 15, 2013 at 10:31 AM 
 Traditionally the waste management industry has been slow to adopt new technologies such as RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tags, GPS and integrated software packages which enable better quality data to be collected without the use of estimation or manual data entry. 
 Reply 
 
 exigorecycling  says: 
 
  September 10, 2013 at 3:28 AM 
 Waste management has to find new ways to deal with waste, especially the e waste management has to be dealt with methodically, since it has begun to threaten the existence of human species. 
 Reply 
 
 Pingback:  Top 10 blogs about recycling and waste | HaltonRecycles 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Follow Us! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications by email of new posts. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Top 10 blogs about recycling and waste 
 Put waste in the right place 
 Get your garden growing - Halton's Compost Giveaway is coming soon 
 Coming soon: Special Waste Drop-off Days 
 "What Earth Day means to me" by Omar Hadi 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 3Rs Community Champion  (11) 
 Apartments  (22) 
 Blue Box  (68) 
 Businesses  (13) 
 Compost  (40) 
 Disposal  (24) 
 E-waste  (9) 
 Education  (60) 
 Garbage  (46) 
 Green Energy  (5) 
 Green Living  (144) 
 GreenCart  (41) 
 History  (10) 
 Household Hazardous Waste  (21) 
 Houses  (41) 
 Landfill  (31) 
 Movie Review  (3) 
 Product Stewardship  (23) 
 Recycle  (122) 
 Reduce  (97) 
 Reuse  (103) 
 Reuse Centres in Halton  (6) 
 Schools  (25) 
 Travel  (9) 
 Video  (7) 
 Waste Management in Canada  (8) 
 
 
 
 
 
 3rs 
 Blue Box 
 business 
 Canada 
 career 
 children 
 Christmas 
 climate 
 compost 
 composting 
 conservation 
 Conservation Halton 
 consumerism 
 disposal 
 e-waste 
 earth day 
 eco 
 education 
 electronic waste 
 energy conservation 
 environment 
 environmental education 
 extended producer responsbility 
 family 
 food 
 food waste 
 Garbage 
 garden 
 gardening 
 gift 
 green jobs 
 Halloween 
 Halton Catholic District School Board 
 Halton District School Board 
 health 
 high school 
 history 
 holidays 
 holiday waste 
 household hazardous waste 
 International Compost Awareness Week 
 landfill 
 leave no trace 
 litter 
 Ministry of the Environment 
 National Public Works Week 
 nature 
 new year 
 ocean 
 Ontario EcoSchools 
 outdoors 
 parents 
 plants 
 plastic 
 presents 
 product stewardship 
 recycle 
 recycling 
 recycling council of ontario 
 reduce 
 reuse 
 school 
 science 
 shopping 
 sustainability 
 sustainable 
 travel 
 vacation 
 video 
 waste management 
 Waste Management in Canada 
 water 
 World Environment Day 
 Yard Waste 
 zero waste 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 @HaltonRecycles Twitter 
 Halton's Online Service Request Tools 
 Halton's Waste Management website 
 HaltonRecycles Youtube 
 
 
 
 * [RSS - Posts](https://haltonrecycles.wordpress.com/feed/ "Subscribe to Posts")
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 
 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
  HaltonRecycles  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
