Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Hibernationnow's Blog 
 FOOD, LOVE, FIBRO, FUN 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Hibernationnow's Blog 
 
 Tag Archives: steve jobs 
 What I Learned From My Daughter's Graduation (Plus Love Does Not Die) 
 Posted on  June 18, 2012  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 1 
 
 Dad and Angel (Photo credit: nualabugeye) 
 "Live life simply. Be kind. Do what you love, passionately. Make mistakes, fail and start again." At my daughter's high school graduation yesterday, we heard quotes from Steve Jobs and Dr. Suess, no one mentioned getting an MBA or Harvard Law; it felt like the world was undergoing a much-needed change and this was the generation that was going to do it. I felt like Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young were humming "Teach Your Children" in the background and I felt proud. 
 Class of 2012, you gave renewed hope to all of us aging baby boomers who sat and listened with smiles on our wrinkled faces and aching feet. Yes, I have bunions and hammer toes and I did take my sandals off to walk in the grass for a few minutes but then I realized my daughter would never forgive me if she saw me or G-d forbid, heard about it through a friend, so I ran back to put those stylish pink flower flip-flops back on. 
 Graduation was a lovely distraction and a glaring omission. It was held on Father's Day and my dad passed away almost ten years ago. My mom was there and my in-laws but not MY dad. I believe in angels and signs and that the dead communicate with those of us left here on earth. Love does not die when someone leaves the earth, I know that for sure. 
 Right in front of me stood a man, ducking to get through, that looked so much like my dad had looked, wearing the exact shirt my dad used to wear, that I gasped and caught my breath. "I thought that was Dad" I squeaked to my no-nonsense mother who refused to even listen to my "angel moment." I knew, I knew in my heart that was my dad's sign, he has always been present for ALL important celebrations. In my heart I knew that while it may have not been him in the flesh, it was his angel, a sign for me from him. Thank you, Daddy. 
 I wore the dress my daughter picked out for me, the shoes, the necklace, (or as she used to pronounce it when she was little Neck-a-less") I can still hear her young voice in my head if I try hard. When I saw her walk in before the program started, I took a photograph of her in my mind that I hope will stay there forever. Her beautiful blonde hair, straightened for the joyous occasion, hanging from under her blue cap, her blue gown flowing from the breeze on a sunny day and her bright smile and wave when she saw her grandmother and me. It was a rare glimpse into her world and it made me so happy. 
 After the reception I knew it was all about her and her friends. In our excitement we forgot to take pictures as a family, how can that be? We're human and we got caught up in time and it simply slipped our minds. That's what memories are for, photographs that stay in our heart. 
 You are starting a new journey, my beautiful, grown-up girl. You are fearless and strong, independent and wise. There is no doubt in my mind that if you want it badly enough, you can change the world. Keep the faith; I know you will do great things for this world. I know it in my heart. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Aging Baby Boomers ,  Baby Boomers ,  bunions ,  Crosby ,  deceased father ,  Dr. Suess ,  Father's Day ,  Foot Problems ,  Getting Older ,  graduation ,  High School Graduation ,  Learning from your children ,  Love Does Not Die ,  Love Doesn't Die ,  Medium ,  Nash and Young ,  Signs from an Angel ,  song ,  Sons and Daughters ,  steve jobs ,  Stills ,  Teach Your Children  |   1  Reply 
 Paper or Digital? 
 Posted on  October 14, 2011  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 1 
 Thank You, Steve Jobs 
 steve jobs co founder of apple computer 
 My old, preferred way of leaving notes to myself and others were always on paper napkins. I kid you not. It used to drive my husband crazy (and further my childish delight.) Plain, white, store brand napkins were my source of note-taking. Now that I have an electronic device that has a computerized "notes" section I use that much more often. 
I had to teach myself to blog and write essays on the computer because I was so used to writing things out long-hand on yellow legal sized composition paper.It took me a long time to get used to doing things electronically and at best, I am still a beginner. Now, I automatically write on my old computer. I've given in to technology and even though I resisted it for years, it has become second nature. Thank you Apple computers and Steve Jobs. You were a genius and we will miss you. 
   
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  apple ,  Macintosh ,  Napkins ,  Note Taking ,  Pads Of Paper ,  steve jobs  |   1  Reply 
 Steve Jobs, I Feel Like I Knew You 
 Posted on  October 5, 2011  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 3 
 
 Image via CrunchBaseFor the first time I bought an iPhone 4 and I was feeling connected to you. To your genius, creativity, incredible ability and generosity. I don't want you to be dead; could it be another rumor? Somehow I don't think so. 
 I don't know why I gasped out loud and felt upset when I saw the news flashing on the internet: "Steve Jobs Has Died" but I did. I knew he was very sick but I and so many others were rooting for him. Even though we didn't actually know him it felt like we did. 
 I know it didn't look great when he stepped down from Apple but I was hoping he could spend some iQuality time with his iFamily. I think our generation and our children's generation were both connected to him. Is it because he single-handedly taught us how to connect with others in the world, changed our views on life, phones, people, music and products? It's like losing a favorite cousin, you know the one, smart, charming, successful; the one who made us all proud and yet kept to himself. He was a very private man. 
 Doesn't this go to show us that money really means nothing in this world without health? I'm sure Steve Jobs and his family could afford the best doctors in the world but they couldn't keep him alive longer than his frail body would let him. This is a great loss to his family, to his family at Apple and to those of us who were fans of his sheer genius. 
 I don't know why I feel a personal loss, it has nothing to do with computers or iPhones or iPads I assure you. I guess it is because Steve Jobs was the wunderkind of our generation and we looked at him with awe and respect. Steve Jobs' face is as recognizable as the Apple symbol itself. 
 We live in a painful world, it seems to get harder every day. To his family: I am so sorry for your loss and to our generation: I am so sorry, we lost an icon; an incredibly smart, forthright thinker; a person ahead of our time. A genius who died long before he should have. Steve Jobs, a superstar, our very own hero in the technological communications world and one who connected us all together. 
 Rest In Peace, better yet Rest In iPeace. 
 Related article: 
 
 Amazing quote mix of Steve Jobs!  (bozoworld.wordpress.com) 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  apple ,  Apple Computer ,  death ,  generataion ,  icon ,  ipad ,  IPhone ,  iPhone 4 ,  Macintosh ,  Pancreatic cancer ,  Steve Job ,  steve jobs  |   3  Replies 
 Steve Jobs,TMZ And Me (Pop Cop) 
 Posted on  September 1, 2011  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 4 
 
 Image via CrunchBase 
 Dear Harvey Levin from TMZ, 
 I just saw the photo you published of Steve Jobs and when I saw it I started to cry. Then I heard that the photo might be a fake, what the heck is going on? 
 I swear if you photo shopped his head on someone else's poor emaciated body I will never even look at your creepy "network" again. That said, if you really did take that photo and publish it for the world to see, ditto. You are acting like a sleazy creep albeit an entertaining one but still this time you have gone too far. 
 If you were terminally ill how would you like someone hiding in the bushes and showing your skinny ass (it would be skinny by then) and your unhealthy pallor shown to the world? When you were in the closet being gay and not ready to reveal it, how would you have felt if someone outed you to your family? Not good, I'm sure. 
 It's heartbreaking enough when someone has incurable cancer. Do you have to sensationalize it? Steve Jobs is a brilliant man, he is also a family man and a private citizen. He resigned from Apple, now leave him the hell alone. I don't know his medical history and neither do you. All we know is that he has pancreatic cancer which he confirmed, that's it, now shut up. 
 Leave him and his family alone. ( I know it sounds like "Leave Britney ALONE"but it's not like that AT ALL. ) You really crossed the line. We know you lack class and there is certainly no empathy or compassion, we accept that. But, enough is enough. I wish people would boycott your show and your slimy low-class empire and no I don't have a sense of humor about cruelty. 
 I will go to sleep tonight, sad and ashamed. Ashamed that I have complained recently because of being "homeless" due to a defective house and that my husband has had surgery and basically having a really hard time. I will ask everyone I know, everyone with a conscience and a heart to put their hands together and pray for an iMiracle for Steve Jobs. 
 iMiracle coined by me. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  apple ,  Apple Computer ,  cancer ,  Harvey Levin ,  health ,  Host ,  iMiracle ,  IPhone ,  Pancreatic cancer ,  Resignation ,  steve jobs ,  TMZ Boycott  |   4  Replies 
 What I Am Saving Up To Buy Plinky Prompt 
 Posted on  June 11, 2011  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 Reply 
 
 Image via Wikipedia 
 
 What I'm Saving Up to Buy 
 Maybe, Maybe Not 
 In my fantasy, I am saving up for an iPad. Or a Nikon SLR camera. I am not sure if I ever would buy one or the other but I like to have something to think about. Today, after a boring ride home in a hot train I talked to a man who looked cheerful and entertained, he had the iPad. I asked him questions about it, i.e. Can you write with it? Would I ever be able to figure it out? He said "Oh, my 4 year old son knows how to use it." That, kind Sir, does not help me. I am a technophobe, I can barely answer my dummy phone. I'm sure your 4 -year old can learn it quickly. It's those of us that are older, like me, untalented, uncoordinated and unused to this new technology that need a lot of help. The fact that a 4-year old knows how to work this makes it harder for me. Imagine if I could never figure it out, your kid would win. 
 Not to mention I did buy a Kindle for reading books and hated it. I missed the feel and texture of the book! 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  35mm ,  4-year old ,  Apple Computers ,  Arts ,  books ,  Camera ,  children ,  Digital Camera ,  Embarrasment ,  Embarrassing ,  Equipment and Services ,  fantasy ,  ipad ,  Kindle ,  Nikon ,  Photography ,  Plinky ,  reading ,  Saving Up ,  Single-lens reflex camera ,  steve jobs ,  Technology ,  wish  |   Leave a reply 
 " Hello, my name is Laurie and I am a……" 
 Posted on  January 1, 2010  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 6 
 Technophobe. Idiot. Computer moron. Welcome to this club where computer illiterates will feel right at home. We welcome you. We don't make fun of you if you don't know that the Apple sign on the Mac looks like two squiggles. We understand. Everyone told me "Get a Mac, they are so EASY, you don't have to do ANYTHING!" Are you kidding me? I have a Mac, I think it's complicated and I didn't grow up (like my children did) learning about computers since first grade. Macs are not easy for me, no computer is easy for me and as much as I appreciate e-mail (although somehow it got interchangeable with the stamp icon and I am totally confused) and a few other things like IM, I am not comfortable on the Mac. Don't feel singled out, I am not comfortable on any computer, but your commercials were so cool!! 
 My husband works in the computer field, my daughter and son know all about computers and there are 4 Macs in this household. I use the Mac mainly for this writing blog and e-mail but I don't know how to upload or download pictures. And for all my friends who say "send me a new photo" basically, I can't. My son, 17, who gets frustrated the first 9 times he shows me, gives up after that. My daughter says "I already showed you." My husband who has sat with me numerous times AND I have taken notes during the lecture, ok tutorial, I still can't follow what I have written down and so I can't do it by myself. 
 I'm hopeless. Generally speaking, I either BEG for someone to do it for me (and yes, I do pay attention) or threaten to call one of the companies for impaired people like me. I don't know why people can't be sympathetic with this type of impairment. I think we should be covered under the ADA. So, Dear Mr. Jobs, admittedly you are a complete genius, and pretty much everyone that works for you is probably very intelligent too. Of course, they probably could be my sons and daughters, if not grandchildren. But, what about us "old" folks? How about a computer for real dummies not just a book which we don't understand either. 
 Mr. Jobs, I respect you and admire you but to tell you the truth I admire you and your wife for your incredible generosity to charity and funding for various institutions more than I do this incredible computer company. You make a fine machine, Mr. Jobs, but you and your wife are finer human beings just being in this world and giving of yourselves. That, to me, is a club I would be honored to join. 
 p.s. I AM SO SORRY but I was just told that I mixed you up with Bill and Melinda Gates but I am sure you do good stuff too. And, somehow I pushed a button which made this whole blog disappear except for the first 3 words and it took my daughter AND my husband to find it again. Sorry again about the mix-up, maybe YOU can forward it to the Gates' ? If I do you know I will lose it again… 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  bad at computers ,  blog ,  computer illiterate ,  computer moron ,  computer skills ,  computers for dummies ,  email ,  IM ,  lack of computer skills ,  melinda and bill gates ,  old ,  steve jobs ,  technophobe  |   6  Replies 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,173 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
