Menu 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Adviser on the Edge 
 Spatial perspectives on career guidance and development 
 Time and Place (and careers) 
 May 20, 2017  by  Rosie Alexander   3 Comments 
 A week or so ago I gave a presentation at The University of London as part of  The Careers Group 's "Festival of Research". I was talking about geography and career development and I started the presentation with this point: 
 What I pointed out was that when speaking about careers we often use metaphors of 'pathways' or 'journeys' (Inkson, 2007). Now, the metaphor of a journey or a pathway is both a spatial and temporal metaphor - journeys take place in time  and  space. However, my challenge to the audience was: how far as careers professionals and in our body of career theory, do we prioritise the temporal elements of careers over the spatial? 
 The relative neglect of space in recent years has been something that has been raised as an issue across the social sciences, writers like Massey (2005) and Gieryn (2000) concerned to make the case for the continuing importance of geographical space. Soja (2010) makes an important point for careers professionals: 
 
 The larger significance of the spatial turn and the resurgence of interest in critical spatial thinking arise from the belief that  we are just as much spatial as temporal beings  , that our existential spatiality and temporality are essentially or ontologically coequal, equivalent in explanatory power and behavioral significance, interwoven in a mutually formative relation' (p.16) 
 
 Soja suggests that in the tradition of Western thought we have experienced something of an intellectual distortion - prioritising time over space, history over geography. This is interesting because I suspect as careers professionals we may also have experienced such a distortion. On a theoretical basis for example developmental theories of careers are common - which encourage us to think about careers in terms of life-stage. But do we have theories which place spatial characteristics of careers at centre stage? Perhaps some structural approaches help to focus us on issues of space (in terms of the labour market), although I would suggest that these have tended to focus on social structures rather than a broader consideration of geography. On a purely practical basis, as careers advisers how often do we gloss over geography and focus on temporal aspects of career development? And when we ask questions like 'where do you see yourself in five years?' how likely are we to actually be seeking an answer that focuses on a geographical  where? 
 Whatever else I covered in my presentation in London I hope I raised a few questions about how far we conceive careers as both temporal and spatial phenomena. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Categories:  Uncategorized  | Tags:  Careers Group ,  Festival of Research ,  geography ,  Gieryn ,  Inkson ,  Massey ,  Soja ,  space ,  spatial turn  |  Permalink . 
 3 thoughts on "Time and Place (and careers)" 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Tom Staunton 
  May 22, 2017 at 8:38 am 
 
 Great piece, very thought provoking. I feel that what I'd be really interested to explore is more about what the intersection fo geography and career is? So how does it relate to aspects such as identity, opportunity, and choice. My gut is that career is more about history than geography (just) BUT it is vital to ask "what" moves through time so we understand individuals and communities in a properly embodied manner. Very interesting, you should blog more 😉 
 Reply 
 * [rosiealexander](https://rosiealexander.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 22, 2017 at 10:12 am 
 Thank you Tom! That's very kind… And yes, absolutely, I guess that's what I'm thinking about a lot at the moment: if geography is important, exactly how is it important? What would an approach to careers that fully acknowledged the role of geographical space look like? Tristram Hooley and I have done a bit of work on this, and are expecting to publish a paper shortly in a book "International Perspectives on Current Research in Career Counseling and Guidance", but there is still work to be done! 
 Reply 
   * [Tom Staunton](http://runninginaforest.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 22, 2017 at 10:43 am 
 Cool, I'll look out for your piece! 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Search for: 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Labour market information and career education and guidance 
 Welcome to the (new) blog! 
 Local work for local graduates? 
 Shetland - out of the box 
 Where should you live based on your personality…? 
 
 Tags 
 career development   Careers   Careers Guidance   Centre for Nordic Studies   Charlie Ball   Corbett   Cornwall   Education   employability skills   employment   Graduate   graduate employment   graduates   HIE   higher education   Highlands and Islands Enterprise   identity   island   islands   Island Studies   labour market   learning to leave   migration   Mobility   Orkney   PhD   place   rural   Rurality   SDS   shetland   Skills Development Scotland   University of the Highlands and Islands   urban   working class 
 Contact me 
 https://www.rosiealexander.co.uk/ 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Top 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
