Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SESSIONAL FACULTY SOC SCI 1SS3 TERM 2 C04 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 NOTICE OF POSTING 
 For Sessional Faculty 
 The Faculty of Social Sciences invites applications for the following teaching position to be offered in the 2020-2021 session. 
 Date of Posting:  Department Contact: Tracey Canaris canaris@mcmaster.ca 
 Course Name(s)/Number(s) Soc Sci 1SS3 (C04) Term 2 - January 6, 2021 -April 28, 2021 
 Inquiry in the Social Sciences 
 Number of Section(s) Available 1 Number of Units per Section 3 
 Location (on/off campus) ON Campus Projected Enrollment 35 Projected TA Support N/A 
 Wage Rate  7,555.00 Start Time and Duration: * Mondays, 2:30 pm - 5:20 pm 
 Course Description/Relevant Employment Duties 
 In this course students develop transferrable research skills by participating in active learning class sessions while undertaking an individual social sciences research project based on a shared theme. The shared research theme for each section will vary depending on the subject expertise of the instructor, so that each section in a term has a different theme. Enrolment for this section (C04) has been ongoing, with the theme “Disability, Accessibility, and Postsecondary Education”. 
 In Winter 2020, this course will be offered in an online, synchronous ‘virtual’ format. 
 Required Qualifications 
 Successful applicants will have previous experience teaching this course or similar courses in the social sciences at the University level, and appropriate academic qualifications (minimum of a Master’s dress). A statement of the applicant’s teaching philosophy must be included when applying. An application cover letter should include discussion of the applicant’s preparedness to teach on the theme of “Disability, Accessibility, and Postsecondary Education” or a closely related variant theme. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Teaching and/or graduate research experience in the social sciences is required. Teaching and/or graduate research experience in Social Work, Indigenous Studies, or Health, Aging & Society is strongly preferred 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the land protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Metis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
