[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Senior Backend Engineer 
 Files.com 
 Full time 
 USA Only Remote 
 Jan 8 
 Do you want to work on a high volume server-side API that serves hundreds of requests per second? Are you excited about helping people and businesses collaborate more efficiently by building cutting edge tools for search and collaboration? 
 If so, we’d like you to learn about Files.com! 
 A Files.com, we’re building a cloud storage service that challenges the status quo through many unique features that really help people and businesses boost their productivity. 
 Our primary app and API is primarily written in Ruby on Rails (though we use Grape for APIs, not ActionController, and we don’t use Rails views at all). We have additional backend services written in Ruby, have built our own version of Resque, and heavily use things like Redis and Elasticsearch. 
 We are looking for Rubyists with strong backgrounds in data structures, algorithms, and scaling to join our team and help us build features into our already great app. 
 About the Role 
 As a Server-side Developer at Files.com, you will take the lead on helping build cutting edge features into the Files.com product that drive value for the 1,700 business that use our platform for collaboration. 
 Our API receives hundreds of requests per second and is used by both internal and external developers. 
 Here are some examples of projects that our Server-side Developers will be tackling in the next 6-12 months: 
 
 Implementing Single-Sign-On via OAuth, SAML, and SCIM. 
 Implementing in-file search using Elasticsearch with custom input filters to index a plethora of document types. 
 Building a scalable engine that can convert nearly any type of files to PDF for in-browser previews (like the former Crocodoc service). 
 Upgrading our API documentation to be automatically generated using the OpenAPI standard, and the creation of automatically-generated SDKs. 
 Building our Universal Sync engine, which is a tool that allows Files.com users to synchronize their files to other cloud services such as S3, Azure, and Rackspace. 
 Building a file versioning tool that uses Git behind the scenes to give customers easy tracking of file versions. 
 
 Additionally, you’ll contribute to our ongoing projects for improving security, monitoring, and performance. 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 5+ years of directly applicable experience. 
 Strong Computer Science background and understanding of algorithms and data structures. 
 History developing and supporting actual applications that have seen production usage with a large userbase. 
 Complete understanding of how to write secure code and an awareness of common web application security vulnerabilities. 
 Experience with Ruby and Rails. 
 Appreciation for testing and the ability to write specs using RSpec. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Participation in open source Ruby gem projects, including ideally being the maintainer for a Gem that sees large usage in the community. 
 Strong experience working at scale. 
 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Files.com 
 One App and One API For All Files In Your Business 
 Website 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Files.com is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14579-senior-backend-engineer)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Files.com is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14579-senior-backend-engineer&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
