Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Jobs Watch » Irish National Organisation of the Unemployed - Bookmark this site! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Jobs in Ireland  / By    Katleen  
 Hello all, 
 Sunshine after rain, green shoots, improvement in the economy, all the terms I have been hearing lately, and I think there seems to be movement in the jobs market. 
 
 I probably should write "finally" as it's been a rough/tough few years and we still have a long way to go. It's a bit like a déjà-vu( as in: seen before) for me as when I started my first website in 1998, I kept track of the  job announcements, and at some point I couldn't follow anymore, as there were so many of them! This was at the time Ireland went through the  "Celtic Tiger"  and people were flogging to Ireland to get a job, as there were jobs in abundance, and as good as full employment was reached. If you like stats and want to see the current unemployment rate of 10.4%,Check out this  website . 
I found this interesting graph on a European level: 
 
 Find more statistics at  Statista 
 Fast forward to 2015, and since the beginning of 215, there have been a number of  exciting new job announcements, most of them by large (American) multinationals who are setting up in Ireland or expanding. Check out the below link with all the announcements. 
 Jobs Watch » Irish National Organisation of the Unemployed 
 You'll find links to where you can apply for the jobs, so that's great, however not all the job vacancies are captured in there, as there are also infrastructural jobs coming on-line( i.e. Roads/construction jobs), such as the building of the  Motorway between Gort  and Tuam . One of the recruitment a agencies that has a number of construction job vacancies( and related jobs)  is  MRC Group  in Dublin, you can contact them on  01 8899100 for more info. Also check out   CLS Recruitment . 
 I would highly recommend you download the app to find out where the jobs are being announced, and where you can apply for the jobs. Click on the below to download the app. 
 
 or  click here :  https://itunes.apple.com/ie/app/jobseeker/id466241179?mt=8 
 Good luck job hunting! 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,385 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
