Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sunglass Hut - Sales Associate 
 Luxottica Group 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  250422 
 Store #:  005335 Sunglass Hut 
 Position:  Casual Part-Time 
 Sunglass Hut is a global leader in the sale of premium sunglasses with over 2000 retail stores across North America. We offer competitive benefits, valuable training, and unlimited growth opportunities. 
 As part of an eyewear industry leader, Luxottica, Sunglass Hut has an energetic, fashion-forward culture and diverse career paths for all types of talented and driven people. 
 At Sunglass Hut, our mission is to be the premier shopping and inspiration destination for the top brands, latest trends and exclusive styles of high quality fashion and performance sunglasses. 
 Native Americans receive preference in accordance with Tribal law. 
 GENERAL FUNCTION 
 The Sales Associate is vital to the success of Sunglass Hut and is an ambassador of The Sunglass Hut Experience. The Sales Associate spends time on the sales floor performing all functions relating to The Sunglass Hut Experience and store operations. 
 MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Utilizes The Sunglass Hut Experience tools to consistently deliver sales plan and company objectives. 
Achieves/exceeds individual sales plan by creating an EMOTIONAL CONNECTION with customers. 
Leverages reporting tools to track individual results and identify areas of opportunity. 
Partners with Store/Center Manager to maximize sales potential. 
People work for people – uses this philosophy to grow careers, encourage teamwork and retain talent through a development-focused environment. 
Creates an inspirational and motivating work environment that reflects the integrity of the brand. 
Collaborates with fellow Associates to foster teamwork. 
Seeks out opportunities for self-development as defined in an individual development plan. 
Creates an EMOTIONAL CONNECTION within the store team that translates into sales and ensures that every Associate consistently delivers The Sunglass Hut Experience. 
Spends 100% of the time on the sales floor. 
Ensures every aspect of The Sunglass Hut Experience is impeccably executed throughout the store. 
Makes simple and fast decisions in the best interest of our customers. 
Acts as an ambassador for the Sunglass Hut brand. 
Builds the Sunglass Hut brand by consistently executing the brand standards. 
Stays adept at knowing the product and staying current on new merchandise and fashion trends. 
Builds and develops expertise in delivery of The Sunglass Hut Experience. 
Consistently executes all visual standards, store merchandising practices and inventory control activities. 
Impeccably executes all operational policies and procedures and maintains brand standards. 
Properly executes all promotions, contests and incentives 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 
 High school diploma or equivalent 
Demonstrated expertise in every aspect of store operations 
Detail-oriented 
Critical thinking 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
 Customer service and/or retail experience 
To accommodate our diverse customer base, preference may be given to bilingual candidates depending upon the needs of the location. 
 Upon request and consistent with applicable laws, Luxottica will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities who need assistance in the application and hiring process. To request a reasonable accommodation, please call the Luxottica Ethics Compliance Hotline at 1-888-887-3348 or e-mail HRCompliance@luxotticaretail.com (be sure to provide your name and contact information for either option so that we may follow up in a timely manner). 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, national origin, social origin, social condition, being perceived as a victim of domestic violence, sexual aggression or stalking, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship, ancestry, veteran or military status, marital status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected pregnancy or maternity leave), genetic information or any other characteristics protected by law. Native Americans receive preference in accordance with Tribal Law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
