  
 
 Independent high quality evidence on what organisations - Governments, Charities, Businesses - can do to improve wellbeing 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Our Team 
 
 Our Board 
 Advisory Panel 
 Strategic Council for Wellbeing in Work 
 Work for us 
 
 
 How we started 
 
 What's been happening? 2015 review 
 
 
 Our partners 
 
 Our Supporters 
 
 
 What Works 
 
 Evidence review methods guide 
 What Works for Research Use 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 What is wellbeing 
 
 Latest UK Wellbeing Figures 
 
 August 2015 wellbeing data roundup 
 March 2015 wellbeing research and stats round-up 
 
 
 Parliament & Commission on Wellbeing & Policy 
 UK People on wellbeing 
 
 Public Dialogues summary findings 
 Work, Learning & wellbeing for UK people 
 Community wellbeing for UK people 
 Culture, Sport & wellbeing for UK people 
 Public Dialogue toolkit 
 
 
 Wellbeing Data & Resources 
 
 Practical and Researcher resources 
 
 Personal wellbeing for major and sub-major Standard Occupation Codes 
 jobs and wellbeing data 
 ONS Three year dataset 2011/2014: Smoking and Personal Well-being in Bristol 
 
 
 Worker wellbeing and workplace performance 
 
 
 
 
 Our Evidence 
 
 Calls for Evidence 
 Life course & Methods 
 
 Wellbeing Seminar Series 
 Wellbeing Conference 2016 Dec 
 Cross-cutting resources 
 Videos 
 
 
 Work & Learning 
 
 Work and wellbeing: what works? 
 Work, Learning and Wellbeing: about 
 Work & Learning resources 
 
 
 Community Wellbeing 
 
 Wellbeing inequality: what works? 
 Housing and wellbeing: what works? 
 Community Wellbeing: About 
 Community wellbeing resources 
 
 
 Culture & Sport 
 
 Sport, dance and wellbeing: what works? 
 Music, singing and wellbeing: what works? 
 Culture, Sport and Wellbeing: About 
 Culture & Sport resources 
 
 
 Other areas we’re interested in 
 
 
 Case Studies 
 
 Wellbeing in Policy across the UK 
 
 Wellbeing in UK legislation 
 Queen's speech 
 SCOTLAND National Performance Framework 
 WALES The Wellbeing of Future Generations in Wales 
 NORTHERN IRELAND Carnegie Roundtable on Measuring Wellbeing 
 DONCASTER Making the Case for Wellbeing – 26th March 2015 
 
 
 Around the world 
 Guest Blog 
 
 Unleash your inner social entrepreneur 
 
 
 Cross Cutting Wellbeing 
 
 Bio-feedback video game for young people’s mental health 
 Improving the wellbeing of children and young people: Evidence from The Children’s Society and NEF 
 NPC’S wellbeing measure 
 Fit as a Fiddle! Wellbeing for older people 
 
 
 Work and Learning 
 
 Wellbeing policy at BT 
 Career Connect: Supporting resilience through transitions into employment, education, and training. 
 Think Good, Feel Good – Whole School approach 
 How leaders value quality of life in their organisations. 
 Skillsroute: Using wellbeing data to help young people make more balanced decisions. 
 
 
 Communities 
 
 Happy City Index 
 Community Wellbeing Practices in Halton 
 Doncaster Council – early intervention and prevention in communities services 
 Wellbeing in Lambeth and Southwark 
 Well London: communities working together for a healthier city 
 Wellbeing in the East 
 Come Outside! Welsh Natural Resources improve wellbeing 
 Darnall Wellbeing: “There are other ways to stay healthy” 
 Can ICT help community cohesion? 
 How can we create community wellbeing in deprived urban areas? ICT Research 
 
 
 Culture and Sport 
 
 case study: Scottish Active Students Survey 2016 
 case study: Student Sport and Activity Study Ireland 
 case study: StreetGames and Doorstep Sports Clubs 
 Dance to Health 
 National Citizen Service 
 Join In – Wellbeing and sports volunteers 
 If: Volunteering for wellbeing in the heritage sector 
 
 
 Big Lottery Wellbeing portfolios 
 
 Brighton and Hove food partnership 
 Altogether Better -Creating new models of community centred care 
 Enable East -Systems change through organisational development 
 Stockport MBC -Early intervention in pregnancy 
 Target: Wellbeing – Greener on the Outside of Prison 
 Mid Essex Mind : A culture of trust can make all the difference 
 Mind – Peer education: training for professionals 
 Mind Children and Young People’s project- Peer led approaches: young people 
 Living Well Taking Control- Integrating the Wellbeing themes 
 Sustrans’ beneficiary case study: Angela’s story -the impact of volunteering and physical activity on mental wellbeing 
 Sustrans case study-Incorporating physical activity into participants’ lifestyles 
 Sustrans- Systems change through developing volunteering skills 
 Sustrans- Influencing national and local policy makers 
 Portsmouth City Council case study-Community approaches to support mental wellbeing 
 Foyer Federation – Community cohesion promoted through physical activity 
 Stockport MBC – Promoting behaviour change through healthy eating 
 Activate London- Community Activators 
 The Power of Songs: An Evaluation of Plymouth Music Zone’s ‘Keep Singing, Keepsake’ Project. 
 
 
 
 
 Measuring wellbeing 
 
 Evaluating wellbeing impact 
 Definitions and measures 
 Local area wellbeing tools 
 Tools to measure and value City and Community Wellbeing 
 
 
 What can I do? 
 
 Do this – Policy Recommendations 
 Online Forum & Events 
 Wellbeing in Policy and Practice Course 
 
 Happiness & Government Course 
 
 
 Mental Wellbeing Impact Assessment Tool 
 
 
 This website is now archived 
 
 Category Archives: jobs and wellbeing data 
 What's wellbeing like in different jobs? new data, analysis and case study 
 Posted on  March 22, 2016  by  WhatWorksWellbeing 
 Work matters to our  wellbeing  and we know that economic activity is one of the key drivers of life satisfaction. What about comparisons between those in work but in different occupations? 
 
 The  ONS personal wellbeing questions  can capture different aspects of work on our lives. Not only do they cover our overall sense of satisfaction with our work but they also ask about sense of fulfillment - ‘worthwhile activities in life’ and ‘anxiety’ both of which we might expect to differ across different types of occupation. 
 We have taken  3 years of annual population survey data  and computed personal wellbeing by standard occupation code. We have done this for 90 groups of occupations and for more detailed 369 individual occupations. By aggregating across three years of data we can get better estimates of wellbeing for these occupations - although even with such a large sample there are some jobs for which we can’t provide robust estimates (we have suppressed results with very low samples). The data is available for download and we have included sample sizes and standard deviations so that analysts can explore them in more detail. We have also included income data from the Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings against the same occupation codes to allow for comparisons between wellbeing and earnings. So there is lots to explore in this data. 
 → Download jobs data 
 What are some of the headline results? 
 Well perhaps no surprise that Chief Execs and Senior Officials consistently come out as having among the highest levels of well-being. However those in health, welfare, teaching, agriculture and sports report being the most fulfilled - with the highest levels of ‘worthwhile activities’ in life. Hairdressers report high levels of happiness! 
 And those in occupations reporting lower wellbeing and higher anxiety? 
 Those in sales related occupations report lower life satisfaction and worthwhile. Legal Associate Professionals report high anxiety. Interesting that Teaching and Educational Professionals report among the highest levels of ‘Worthwhile’ but also higher levels of anxiety. The Anxiety question can capture positive and negative aspects of anxiety and there are other examples where we have seen high positive wellbeing coexist with higher levels of anxiety. 
 Download the data and explore it for yourself. Take care not to over interpret the results though and make use of the sample sizes and standard deviations to understand the robustness of the different estimates. 
 → Download and explore the jobs& wellbeing data  
 **Update July 16: the data is now available in a prototype app  and ** we 'll happily make the source code available →contact us 
 →Application of data pioneer case study 
 Skills Route is an innovative application of this data, its the first portal to bring together all the options for young people side by side. 
 →Skills Route: Using wellbeing data to help young people make more balanced decisions. 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  jobs and wellbeing data ,  Work and Learning  /  Tagged  Children & Young people ,  Wellbeing Data  /   2 Comments 
    [         ** Join our forum 
 New Publications 
 
 Understanding local needs for wellbeing data 
 Sport, dance and young people 
 Job quality & learning at work 
  Wellbeing Inequalities in Britain  
 Music & singing  
 
 Search this site 
 Search 
 I want to get updates - following this blog is our newsletter 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 5,811 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 My Tweets 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 What is wellbeing 
 Happy City Index 
 Evaluating wellbeing impact 
 
 Blog Posts 
 
 August 2017  (2) 
 July 2017  (4) 
 June 2017  (3) 
 May 2017  (5) 
 April 2017  (4) 
 March 2017  (6) 
 February 2017  (3) 
 January 2017  (4) 
 December 2016  (3) 
 November 2016  (6) 
 October 2016  (5) 
 September 2016  (4) 
 August 2016  (5) 
 July 2016  (4) 
 June 2016  (5) 
 May 2016  (8) 
 April 2016  (6) 
 March 2016  (6) 
 February 2016  (6) 
 January 2016  (4) 
 December 2015  (3) 
 November 2015  (3) 
 October 2015  (5) 
 September 2015  (3) 
 August 2015  (5) 
 July 2015  (6) 
 June 2015  (4) 
 May 2015  (1) 
 April 2015  (4) 
 March 2015  (6) 
 February 2015  (5) 
 January 2015  (6) 
 December 2014  (4) 
 November 2014  (5) 
 October 2014  (3) 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com.  Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses!  Email check failed, please try again  Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.  %d bloggers like this: 
