Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Finance & Accounting 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (536) 
 IT & Programming  (204) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (70) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (129) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (41) 
 Sales & Marketing  (46) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (25) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (536) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (166) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (136) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (64) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (32) 
 Not Sure  (108) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (536) 
 Featured  (32) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Finance & Accounting Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 15 of 64 results ) 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Budget : Greater Than 100,000 Rs.  
 Hiring : All 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 5  
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Funding Consultant for Start-ups required. 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Raising Equity Capital  Posted: 19th Oct 2020 Ends: 03rd Dec 2020  9 Proposals 
 Funding Consultant required for Start-ups, Who can work remotely for different projects worldwide... who are looking funding for different digital projects investors can also contact for details.. Fundraiser needed.... 
 Funding Consultant required for Start-ups, Who can work remotely for different projects worldwide... who are looking funding for different digital projects investors can also contact for details.. Fundraiser needed.. 
 Skills:  Financial Forecasting ,  Corporate Strategy ,  Budgeting & Forecasting ,  Financial Statements ,  Strategic Planning 
 Client:  coshi  ,  India 
 Funding Consultant fro Start-ups required. 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Raising Equity Capital  Posted: 19th Oct 2020 Ends: 03rd Dec 2020  5 Proposals 
 Funding Consultant required for Start-ups, Who can work remotely for different projects worldwide... who are looking funding for different digital projects investors can also contact for details.. 
 Funding Consultant required for Start-ups, Who can work remotely for different projects worldwide... who are looking funding for different digital projects investors can also contact for details.. 
 Skills:  Financial Management ,  Strategic Planning ,  Financial Forecasting ,  Corporate Strategy ,  Business Analysis 
 Client:  kranti123 
 Academic writing finance  
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 09th Jun 2020 Ends: 30th Apr 2021  20 Proposals 
 I am looking for an expert in finance who is good at: financial statement analysis, Interest Rates and the Time Value of Money, The Three Rules of Time Travel, Valuing a Stream of Cash Flows), Perpetuities and Annui... 
 I am looking for an expert in finance who is good at: financial statement analysis, Interest Rates and the Time Value of Money, The Three Rules of Time Travel, Valuing a Stream of Cash Flows), Perpetuities and Annuities, Using an Annuity Spreadsheet or Calculator, Non-Annual Cash Flows, Solving for the Cash Payments, Interest Rate Quotes and Adjustments, Application: Discount Rates and Loans, The Determinants of Interest Rates, The Opportunity Cost of Capital, The Dividend Discount ModelApplying the Dividend Discount Model , Total Payout and Free Cash Flow Valuation Model, Valuation Based on Comparable Firms 9.1 (The Dividend Discount Model)  9.2 (Applying the Dividend Discount Model)  9.3 (Total Payout and Free Cash Flow Valuation Models)  9.4 (Valuation Based on Comparable Firms) 11.7 (The Capital Asset Pricing Model)  11.8 (Determining the Risk Premium)  12.1 (The Equity Cost of Capital)  12.2 (The Market Portfolio)  12.3 (Beta Estimation)  12.4 (The Debt Cost of Capital)  12.5 (A Project's Cost of Capital)  12.6 (Project Risk Characteristics and Financing) 14.1 (Equity Versus Debt Financing)  14.2 (Modigliani-Miller I: Leverage, Arbitrage, and Firm Value)  14.3 (Modigliani-Miller II: Leverage, Risk, and the Cost of Capital)  14.4 (Capital Structure Fallacies)  14.5 (MM: Beyond the Propositions)  15.1 (The Interest Tax Deduction)  15.2 (Valuing the Interest Tax Shield)  15.3 (Recapitalizing to Capture the Tax Shield)  15.4 (Personal Taxes)  15.5 (Optimal Capital Structure with Taxes)  16.1 (Default and Bankruptcy in a Perfect Market)  16.2 (The Costs of Bankruptcy and Financial Distress)  16.3 (Financial Distress Costs and Firm Value)  16.4 (Optimal Capital Structure: The Trade-off Theory) 30.1 (Insruance)  30.2 (Commodity Price Risk)  30.3 (Exchange Rate Risk)  30.4 (Interest Rate Risk)  20.1 (Option Basics)  20.2 (Option Payoffs at Expiration)  21.1 (The Binomial Option Pricing Model)  21.2 (The Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model) 
 Client:  deepakjaiswal224 
 Admin Operations Manager 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 03rd Jun 2020 Ends: 18th Jul 2020  28 Proposals 
 Job Description We are searching for an Administrative Operations Manager to satisfy customer needs through transparent communication. In this role, you will listen to customer grievances and peacefully resolve any co... 
 Job Description We are searching for an Administrative Operations Manager to satisfy customer needs through transparent communication. In this role, you will listen to customer grievances and peacefully resolve any concerns they may have. Additionally, notify customers about the service features that are exciting and relevant to their individual needs. Salary Range: $80,000 - $100,000 per year. Responsibilities: Take incoming calls from clients and listen to concerns, complaints, and questions carefully. Maintain a professional demeanor at all times and take notes on customer remarks and issues. Fill out digital forms for new customers and actively promote additional services and products. Connect customers and vendors to the appropriate department if you are unable to assist them adequately with their needs. Meet with customer service managers and supervisors quarterly to discuss performance and set new goals; review recordings of calls and identify key areas that can use improvement. Respond to client email inquiries in a timely and courteous manner and send company emails to customers who have expressed interest in services. Attend regular training sessions in order to update skill sets and knowledge of corporate procedures. Contact clients about unpaid or overdue accounts, and attempt to collect or make the appropriate payment arrangements; update account information if a payment is made. Qualifications: Strong communication and problem-solving skills Ability to multitask High school diploma or equivalent Conflict resolution and de-escalation skills Comfortable sitting and speaking for long periods of time Additional Information: This is a full-time position eligible for benefits, which include, but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, four weeks of vacation, sick leave, most federal holidays. Job Location: INDIA(INDIA NATIONALS ONLY) 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Accounts Receivable ,  Financial Management ,  Operations Management ,  Project Management 
 Client:  gerushi  ,  United States Of America 
 PITCH DECK 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Venture Funding  Posted: 11th May 2020 Ends: 25th Jun 2020  19 Proposals 
 Need a pitch deck for salon business. This is a deck to profile business and focus towards raising funds or dilute equity/ 
 Need a pitch deck for salon business. This is a deck to profile business and focus towards raising funds or dilute equity/ 
 Skills:  Financial Management ,  Financial Analysis ,  Corporate Strategy ,  Business Plans ,  Business Analysis 
 Client:  sukant26 
 Freelance Academic finance, accounting and project management writer 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 07th May 2020 Ends: 21st Jun 2020  28 Proposals 
 I am looking for freelance academic writer for long term engagement. You must be good in written English, finance, accounting, mad project management. Skills in using Excel is a must My budget per page is $2.5 USD 
 I am looking for freelance academic writer for long term engagement. You must be good in written English, finance, accounting, mad project management. Skills in using Excel is a must My budget per page is $2.5 USD 
 Skills:  Financial Forecasting ,  Financial Analysis ,  Business Mathematics ,  Budgeting & Forecasting ,  Accounting 
 Client:  georgekariuki  ,  United States Of America 
 Asset Valuation 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 30th Apr 2020 Ends: 14th Jun 2020  32 Proposals 
 We are an American technology company with big data (135 million addresses, 95% coverage), data science/statistics and real estate focus. Homestat owns the country's best technology driven solution for real estate v... 
 We are an American technology company with big data (135 million addresses, 95% coverage), data science/statistics and real estate focus. Homestat owns the country's best technology driven solution for real estate valuations. The position will perform valuations of commercial and residential real estate using our internet-based system. Here are the details: • Sensitive work: Our clients are banks and credit unions and reply on our valuations to lend money. This is an extremely sensitive job with no "shortcuts". • Attention to numbers and details: Statistically inclined with attention to detail and accuracy of numbers. • Pay: We pay US$20/hour. • Hardware/Training: All training will be provided. However you need access to a high speed internet and should own a PC or laptop. • Flexible workplace/hours: You will be working remotely from anywhere (of your choice) with flexible work hours. • Accuracy/Challenging work: We are a performance-based business and care deeply about accuracy of our results. This is a very technical job with extreme attention to details and numbers. To do this job, one needs a strong research, statistical/quantitative background. They would also need a background and interest in business. The work requires an intersection of both types of skills and this makes it a challenging position. 
 Client:  zreimann  ,  United States Of America 
 Asset Valuation 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 30th Apr 2020 Ends: 14th Jun 2020  13 Proposals 
 We are an American technology company with big data (135 million addresses, 95% coverage), data science/statistics and real estate focus. Homestat owns the country's best technology driven solution for real estate v... 
 We are an American technology company with big data (135 million addresses, 95% coverage), data science/statistics and real estate focus. Homestat owns the country's best technology driven solution for real estate valuations. The position will perform valuations of commercial and residential real estate using our internet-based system. Here are the details: • Sensitive work: Our clients are banks and credit unions and reply on our valuations to lend money. This is an extremely sensitive job with no "shortcuts". • Attention to numbers and details: Statistically inclined with attention to detail and accuracy of numbers. • Pay: We pay US$20/hour. • Hardware/Training: All training will be provided. However you need access to a high speed internet and should own a PC or laptop. • Flexible workplace/hours: You will be working remotely from anywhere (of your choice) with flexible work hours. • Accuracy/Challenging work: We are a performance-based business and care deeply about accuracy of our results. This is a very technical job with extreme attention to details and numbers. To do this job, one needs a strong research, statistical/quantitative background. They would also need a background and interest in business. The work requires an intersection of both types of skills and this makes it a challenging position. 
 Client:  zreimann  ,  United States Of America 
 Account Executives 2 to 3 year experiance 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 13th Jan 2020 Ends: 27th Feb 2020  29 Proposals 
 Looking for account executive with good communication and excel knowledge minimum 2 year experience in accounts. salary range 15000 to 18000 p.m 
 Looking for account executive with good communication and excel knowledge minimum 2 year experience in accounts. salary range 15000 to 18000 p.m 
 Skills:  Bookkeeping ,  Analytics ,  Accounting 
 Client:  djshetty  ,  India 
 Venture capitalist - Calcutta based client 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Venture Funding  Posted: 10th Sep 2019 Ends: 31st Dec 2020  7 Proposals 
 H! Al! One of our Calcutta based clients needs a venture capitalist for his project funding ASAP. Once he gets the fund, he'd start outsourcing his content development requirements. If you or any of your frien... 
 H! Al! One of our Calcutta based clients needs a venture capitalist for his project funding ASAP. Once he gets the fund, he'd start outsourcing his content development requirements. If you or any of your friends happens to know any such resource, please revert me at ASAP. Best! - Indrajit ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Additional Information Added on 24th Sep, 2019 Please share your portfolio and phone number at Reach (AT THE RATE) Indrajit (DOT) in 
 Client:  indrajit.maiti  ,  India 
 Time4Value 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 30th Jul 2019 Ends: 13th Sep 2019  23 Proposals 
 We receive from the customers of bookkeepers scans (pdf) in an own platform. There we do a conversion to electronic invoices (UBL's) (based on the OCR-proposition)(can be done by a non qualified employee) - next the... 
 We receive from the customers of bookkeepers scans (pdf) in an own platform. There we do a conversion to electronic invoices (UBL's) (based on the OCR-proposition)(can be done by a non qualified employee) - next these UBL's are transferred to a bookkeeping programme where they are (depending on the quality of the UBL) automatically booked. Here the intervention of a qualified bookkeeper is required. Ratio's: conversion of UBL's 60/h - final check and eventual corrections of the booked invoices: 180/h. Can you give me a quote for 1) conversion of the ubl 2) conversion of the UBL + booking. We provide: 1) basic formation Belgian accounting system 2) Formation about specific topics concerning VAT and taxes 3) formation to work with the conversion tool and bookkeeping software. Thanks in advance. 
 Skills:  Bookkeeping ,  Data Interpretation 
 Client:  mattheus 
 IBM SPSS 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Financial Reporting  Posted: 07th Jul 2019 Ends: 31st Dec 2020  11 Proposals 
 H! Al! Need someone who knows how to work on IBM SPSS (Statistical Package for Social Sciences) ASAP. If you or any of your friends are interested, please revert to me ASAP. Best! - Indrajit ------------------... 
 H! Al! Need someone who knows how to work on IBM SPSS (Statistical Package for Social Sciences) ASAP. If you or any of your friends are interested, please revert to me ASAP. Best! - Indrajit ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Additional Information Added on 4th Aug, 2019 Please share your portfolio and phone number at Reach (AT THE RATE) Indrajit (DOT) in 
 Skills:  Statistics 
 Client:  indrajit.maiti  ,  India 
 Text book content on Wealth Management. 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Financial Planning  Posted: 13th Jun 2019 Ends: 28th Jul 2019  16 Proposals 
 Hi, We require a freelance writer who can write on different topics of wealth management. The Writer has to write technical concepts on wealth management in a simple language with example. It will be like writing a book... 
 Hi, We require a freelance writer who can write on different topics of wealth management. The Writer has to write technical concepts on wealth management in a simple language with example. It will be like writing a book on wealth management for non-finance individuals. Basic expectations are; 1. Quality Work 2. Simple Language 3. Time bound. 
 Client:  baitrakesh 
 Accounting, Marketing and Finance position 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Financial Reporting  Posted: 26th Mar 2019 Ends: 10th May 2019  24 Proposals 
 Hiring very motivated and Bright Candidate for a market leader in Property Acquisitions firm. Required basic knowledge in Accounting, Marketing and Finance position. Key Task are: - Data entry in Excel - Reconciliat... 
 Hiring very motivated and Bright Candidate for a market leader in Property Acquisitions firm. Required basic knowledge in Accounting, Marketing and Finance position. Key Task are: - Data entry in Excel - Reconciliation of Bank statements - Preparing Customer Invoice & Statement - Preparing Property page on the website - Upload of Content to the Website including Email Blast out to clients - Full hands-on Training will be provided Eye for detail required. Please contact me if you are keen to proceed with the job offer. It is a 4 hour per day part time Ongoing position, Kind Regards, Bala. 
 Skills:  Business Analysis ,  Bookkeeping ,  Accounting 
 Client:  bala.apparao 
 Finance & Accounting 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Financial Reporting  Posted: 13th Mar 2019 Ends: 30th Apr 2021  30 Proposals 
 Hi, I am looking for a finance expert who can write company analysis reports for U.S. companies. The candidate should be familiar with extracting data from sources like SEC website or yahoo finance and the likes. An ... 
 Hi, I am looking for a finance expert who can write company analysis reports for U.S. companies. The candidate should be familiar with extracting data from sources like SEC website or yahoo finance and the likes. An ideal candidate should have expert level grasp on topics like: Financial Markets & Environment; Financial Statements, Ratio Analysis, Time Value of Money - Single Cash Flows, Annuities, Term Structure of Interest Rate, Bond Valuation, and Stock Valuation, Risk & Return; Cost of Capital, Capital Budgeting Techniques, Capital Budgeting Cash Flows , Capital Budgeting Risk; Leverage and Capital Structure; Dividend Policy, Working Capital Policy, Current Asset Management, Current Liability Management and other financial concepts and their applications. Please reach out if you consider yourself an expert in finance. Best Deepak 
 Skills:  Financial Analysis ,  Financial Forecasting ,  Financial Management ,  Financial Reporting ,  Financial Statements 
 Client:  deepakjaiswal224 
 Previous 1  2   3   4   5   Next   Last 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
