Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Diagnostic Sonographer - VH Ultrasound 
 Victoria Hospital 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Posting Period 
 Open:  December 3, 2020 
 Deadline:  December 9, 2020 
 OPSEU X-Ray Part-Time/Casual 
 This position is covered by a collective agreement. Applications from outside the bargaining unit are welcome but can only be considered if the position is not filled from within this bargaining unit. 
 Department Name 
 VH Ultrasound 
 Reporting to the Coordinator, the Diagnostic Sonographer is required to perform ultrasound technical procedures ensuring patient care and comfort are maintained at all times. 
 Rate of Pay:  $32.43 per hour - $44.78 per hour 
 Qualifications 
Currently registered with the College of Medical Radiation and Imaging Technologists of Ontario (CMRITO) 
Sonography Canada membership and/or A.R.D.M.S certification preferred 
Vascular certification preferred 
Experience in high risk obstetrics preferred 
Nuchal Translucency (NT) certification preferred 
Demonstrated competency in all aspects of general sonography (Abdomen, pelvis, vascular, obstetrics, gynaecology) 
Demonstrated excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills 
Demonstrated effective organizational skills involving time management and prioritization 
Demonstrated ability to manage change in a dynamic environment 
Demonstrated commitment to professional development and self-directed learning 
Demonstrated commitment to the employee performance development competencies 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to the principles of patient and family centered care 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to patient and staff safety at LHSC 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to LHSC’s Mission, Vision and Values 
Demonstrated ability to attend work on a regular basis 
 Immunization Requirements: 
Provide vaccination records or proof of immunity against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chicken pox), Hepatitis B, Tetanus/ Diphtheria/Polio; Meningitis. 
Provide documentation of the Tuberculosis skin testing (two step) 
 We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and inclusive work environment that inspires respect. LHSC is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and LGBTQ2+ persons. We are committed to providing persons with disabilities equal opportunities and standards of goods and services, and are also fully compliant with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (2005), as applicable. 
 As part of the assessment process applicants may be required to complete a written examination or test. Please be advised that a reference check may be conducted as part of the selection process. 
 Your interest in this opportunity is appreciated. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Successful candidates, as a condition of job offer, would be required to provide a satisfactory police information check (original document) completed in the last 3 months. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
