Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Advisor / Sales Team Member, Lumber and Building Materials 
 Rona 
 __Blainville, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Greet customers warmly and ensure a good customer experience; 
 Assess customer needs and provide expert advice on lumber and building materials department products; 
 Actively participate in achieving sales objectives; 
 Keep up to date with new products and their functions; 
 Be aware of current promotions and flyers; 
 Ensure and participate in the maintenance of their department; 
 Comply with policies and procedures regarding loss prevention, breakage of goods and health and safety; 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for: 
You are approachable and detail-oriented, and you strive to provide great customer service? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! 
 ASSET:  experience in customer service, plus knowledge in our Lumber and Building Materials department. 
 Note:  This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
