Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Optical Manager 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Sarnia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
600 Murphy Rd, Sarnia, Ontario, N7S 5T7 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Here at Loblaw, we take pride and ownership in helping Canadians live life well. We’re looking for talented colleagues who are passionate about providing an exceptional shopping experience for our customers and delighting them every step of the way! We offer progressive careers, comprehensive training, flexibility and a great benefits package! Come share our vision and passion in delivering a superior customer experience. Be a part of our growing Health & Wellness philosophy that includes: Pharmacy, Dietitian, Medical and Optical services. 
 What you'll do 
 
 Provide best in class customer service within a fun & dynamic environment 
 Employee scheduling and labour management 
 Maintain strong working relationships with Head Office 
 Meet and exceed Optical sales targets 
 Provide optical training to staff 
 Take measurements, fit, adjust, repair & dispense eyeglasses, contact lenses and specialty eyewear, based on province 
 Order and receive product 
 
 What you’ll need: 
 
 Provincially licensed within the jurisdiction and a minimum of 3 years Optical experience 
 Management experience an asset 
 Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel & Outlook 
 Highly organized, detail-oriented, with strong time management capabilities 
 Enthusiastic and concise communication to meet & exceed customer expectations 
 
 If you want to join a fast-paced winning team and believe you can have an immediate impact, then we want to hear from you! 
 Apply today! 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
