Location 
 Home office, Australia 
 Department 
 Service/application 
 Application Specialist - Australia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Clinical experience as a Medical Physicist, Dosimetrist, Radiation Therapist or Treatment Planner and ready for a new challenge? Interested in being part of our journey in Australia and New Zealand? Join RaySearch and use your skills to help clinics improve their treatments with innovative medical technology software! 
 
 “It is great to use my experience and hand-over my knowledge to our customers knowing that it will be used to treat the patients at a high level. I really enjoy my daily work with my colleagues, having fun but also having great times teaching, and solving questions together." 
 Grietsje Schregardus-Abma, Application Specialist with radiotherapy background 
 
 About the role 
 This exciting new role will play a key part in our newly launched Australia and New Zealand subsidiary and will be part of a strong global service team of specialists throughout APAC, Europe and the US. 
 The emphasis of this position will be on supporting our existing customers in Australia and New Zealand, as well as introducing potential customers to our treatment planning system RayStation and oncology information system RayCare through demonstrations and training. You will work closely with the Regional Business Director and will provide support to the sales organisation. 
 The role will be home based in Australia and will require travel domestically and international travel will also be requested. Weekend work from time to time may also be required. 
 Your introduction 
 When starting in this position, you will get a mentor and a solid introduction to our products and ways of working. You will gradually take more responsibility and start working independently. 
 
 Your profile 
 We believe that our new Application Specialist has a great sense for service and customer support and a strong motivation to work in a highly dynamic environment. You are a social and positive person with excellent interpersonal and communication skills and enjoy presenting and teaching to bigger and smaller crowds. Further, you can quickly adapt to new contexts and appreciate various environments as well as a variety of different tasks. You enjoy facing new challenges and solving complex problems, both independently and in collaboration with your team members. You are comfortable with working proactively, taking initiatives and have the ability to prioritize your work and adapt to sudden changes. 
 Experience & skills: 
 
 Degree in transla 
 Clinical experience in radiotherapy 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 Ability to travel 
 Medical device industry experience is meriting 
 
 
 About RaySearch 
 We believe in investing in our people. RaySearch offers outstanding staff benefits and excellent career development opportunities in a flexible and stimulating environment. We prioritize knowledge-sharing, creativity and collaboration, and you will work together with some of the most talented and highly educated people in the industry. We encourage a healthy work-life balance and have created a strong social culture, with regular events and activities for employees. 
 Application 
 Mobile application possible.  You are welcome to send your application in English by the application form below. The selection and interviewing process will be ongoing. We do not accept applications by e-mail but if you have any questions regarding the position please contact  Meshan Naidu  or  Malin Stridh. 
 Responsible recruiter 
 Malin Stridh 
 malin.stridh@raysearchlabs.com 
  Back to job openings  
 Apply 
 Ad has been closed and it is no longer possible to apply. 
