Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representative 
 Morneau Shepell 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Build a meaningful career 
 At Morneau Shepell, we offer more than career opportunities, we provide career opportunities to make meaningful contributions to people’s lives. The extraordinary expertise of a more than 6,000-strong workforce is harnessed to support the employees and families of the organizations we serve. Our innovative programs have a lasting impact on the health, financial security and productivity of 24,000 workplaces. 
 Customer Service Representative 
Employee Support Solutions 
Edmonton, AB 
Permanent, Full Time 
 Employee Support Solutions 
 Healthy, productive, and engaged employees drive organizational performance and success. Morneau Shepell’s Employee Support Solutions is comprised of industry-leading programs and services that work together to deliver a unique and holistic Total Health Solution to our clients, helping them engage their people. Morneau Shepell is also the largest Employee and Family Assistance Program (EFAP) provider in the world. Confidential professional support is available to employees and family members in-person and telephonically, as well as digitally through E-Counselling, Video Counselling, First Chat (online chat), and our My EAP mobile device application, to help resolve work, health, and life challenges. Our award winning innovations and technology help to ensure that our support solutions are available anytime, anywhere. 
 Summary 
 Our Care Access Centre is where it all happens. Our Customer Service Representatives are first responders to client requests received over the phone, email and chat. Taking care of clients’ means having conversations that determine their needs and appropriate support based on a wide array of industry leading solutions. Our environment is fast-paced, supportive, innovative and fun. Joining our Morneau Shepell family will provide you with fantastic work experience, not to mention some great connections and friends along the way. 
 Succeeding as a Customer Service Representative will require the following core qualifications and skills 
 
 A Bachelor degree, community college diploma or equivalent post-secondary education 
 The flexibility to work shifts which may include days, evenings, weekends 
 Previous customer service experience in social services, sales, call centres and/or office environments preferred 
 Verbal and written skills in English and/or French is mandatory 
 Ability to speak Mandarin, Cantonese, Korean, Arabic, or Spanish is an asset 
 
 Characteristics of a Customer Service Representative 
 As a new employee you’ll get paid to learn more about our fantastic services and our approach to client conversations, through a combination of online courses and live instructor-led sessions. Successful Customer Service Representatives are: 
 
 Passionate about helping others 
 Excellent customer service, written and verbal communication skills 
 Dedicated to providing a meaningful customer experience 
 Empathetic and able to triage crisis situations to our clinical team 
 Go-getter, results-oriented and good-natured 
 Driven to achieve performance success and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment 
 Happy to work for a successful company that promotes from within 
 
 Make your passion your profession 
If you are a solution-focused, empathetic person who enjoys providing support to those in need, than this role aligns perfectly with your aspirations. You’re not just supporting our business; you’re supporting people in a meaningful way. 
 Being part of the largest and most successful EFAP organization world-wide isn’t the only benefit. Additional benefits include: 
 
 A permanent position with a competitive benefits package 
 A robust training program that prepares you for your role 
 Opportunities to increase your earnings through performance based incentive programs 
 A place where excellence is rewarded 
 An environment that values employee engagement, innovation and client service excellence 
 Rewards for sharing your feedback and ideas 
 Development plans and resources to support your career aspirations 
 Growth opportunities in a company that promotes from within 
 A team of colleagues who work hard together and have fun 
 Convenient office location in the heart of the city that is easily accessible by public transit 
 We also offer remote work arrangements for suitable candidates. 
 
 Job Grade:  MS1 
 Fulfilling work that matters 
 Morneau Shepell is in the business of helping organizations help their people and in the process, we strive to elevate ours. 
 We're always looking for talented professionals and strategic leaders looking to make a difference in the lives of the people we serve. 
 We appreciate the interest of every applicant; however, we contact only those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
