  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Ramsgate 
 Rate:  Market related 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Site Operative Lead - Ramsgate 
 Site Operational Controller/Lead 
 FTC 6 Months, with possibility to extend 
 **Ramsgate  ** 
 Our client, a leading provider of life science solutions, are now looking for a Site Operational Lead/Inventory Controller to join their team on site in Ramsgate on a prestigious project for a fixed term contract of 6 months that could well be extended further on a rolling basis. 
 The Benefits 
 - Competitive salary 
 - Excellent benefits 
 The Role 
 
 Responsible for protection and correct procedural storage of all products on site 
 Counterbalance forklift licence essential 
 Must be a driver with own transport 
 Dailey inventory and monitoring of all consumables available for use. 
 Maintaining stock levels ie. 
 
 testing equipment, PPE, etc. 
 
 Operational management of all clinical waste, including correct procedural disposal of hazardous waste on-site 
 Attention to detail in a fast-paced environment 
 Can do attitude with flexible attitude to adapt to the department's needs 
 Excellent level of English (verbal and written) 
 Strong MS Office (particularly, Outlook, Word and Excel) 
 
 This role is on a full-time contract basis for a fixed period of 6 months, with the possibility of further extensions. 
 This is an excellent opportunity to be part of a brand-new Team working on an exciting and new project. 
 If you feel you have the right experience and skills, please apply with your CV and a member of our team will get back to you. 
 
 
 Rate:  Market related 
 
 
 Location:  Ramsgate 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Purchasing 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 
 Contact:  Vanessa Barnes 
 
 
 Tel:  0203 750 0575 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  VHB00257 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 17:04:09 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 Sales Engineer  
 Outsourcing Junior 
 Outsourcing Client Manager  
 Audit Senior  
 Sample Reception & Sample Handling Assistant -Tangmere 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant - Gatwick Airport 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant- Hull 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant 
 Warehouse Site Operative Lead - Stansted  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Deeside  
 Site Operative Lead - Ramsgate 
 Site Operative Lead - Stansted Airport  
 Laboratory Technician - Gatwick Airport  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Gatwick  
 Operational Scientific Lead- Manchester 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Gatwick 
 Site Operative Operative - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Tangmere 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Deeside 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
