Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Waste Water 
 Cargill 
 __High River, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Waste Water-HIG00667 
 Cargill provides food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and over 150 years of experience. We have 160,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. 
 Description 
 Cargill's North America protein business produces fresh, frozen and cooked beef, turkey, pork, chicken and egg protein offerings, sauces, soups, case ready products, pet treats and by-products for our retail, foodservice and food ingredient customers. 
 Cargill Protein focuses on product quality, employee safety, food safety, animal wellbeing, environmental impact, improved sustainability and community engagement as it strives to nourish the world in a safe, responsible and sustainable way. Cargill Protein has a diverse 28,000-member team and operates approximately 60 protein primary and further processing facilities, distribution centers, feed mills, hatcheries, and an innovation center in the U.S. and Canada, in addition to maintaining international sales offices. Canada is home to 10 of these facilities and includes over 5500 stakeholders. 
 Operators will be responsible for the start-up, shut down and process monitoring of the wastewater area. There are many tasks associated with this job and operators must be trained on and refer to all Standard Operating Procedures for the assigned tasks. Operators must follow procedure steps in the correct order and while wearing the appropriate equipment. Operators will be trained on lock out/tag out, chemical handling, and elevated work. Additional training may be required throughout the course of the job. 
 Qualifications 
 Required: 
Must be legally entitled to work for Cargill in Canada 
Cargill requires that employees be a minimum of 18 years old 
Must be able to perform physical job duties including bending/stooping, climbing ladders, open/close valves, shoveling, and pounding with hammer 
Ability to lift a minimum of 50 pounds 
Must be able to work under special work conditions, such as extreme heat or cold 
Must be able to operate machinery 
Must be able to read/write English 
High School diploma or equivalent 
Basic computer skills 
Ability to work overtime 
Ability to work holidays, nights, weekends or different shifts 
 Preferred: 
Must be able to operate heavy equipment 
Forklift certified 
Ability to work in elevated areas 
Prior experience in production related work 
Wastewater Certification 
Basic Mechanical knowledge 
 This Full time position is located in High River; however please expect receiving calls from a 204 area code in case you are considered. Relocation assistance is not provided. 
 Cargill is an equal opportunity employer and committed to providing accommodation to our job applicants with disabilities. 
 Primary Location:  Canada-Alberta-High River 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
