Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-time Seasonal Warehouse Associate 
 Amazon HVH 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Seasonal Warehouse Associate (Part-time) - 5799 RTE DE L'AÉROPORT, SAINT-HUBERT, QC, J3Y 8Y9. 
 Hourly pay rate:  Starting at $16.00 (+$0.50 night shift premium) 
 Shift details: 
Part-time, 20 hours per week 
Join Amazon and become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for customers. 
Stay active during your workday in this fast-paced warehouse environment. Learn new skills and build your experience by doing a range of different types of work. 
 Reasons you’ll love working here: 
 Career development:  Many of our entry-level employees become leaders in operations, HR, and other areas. See where your Amazon journey can take you. 
 Earn more:  You can expect a competitive wage and reliable pay check when you work for Amazon. 
Check out what some of our employees have to say about their warehouse jobs: 
https://www.amazondelivers.jobs/about/warehouse-jobs 
 Duties and responsibilities: 
Sort, scan, stack packages on pallets 
Get customer orders ready for delivery 
Use technology like scanners, computers, and handheld printers 
These duties will rotate on a daily basis. 
 What it’s like inside the warehouse: 
Your safety is important to us. 
We’ll give you protective gear, such as a facial covering and safety vest to wear. 
Temperature checks are being conducted at sites around Canada. Anyone registering a temperature over the CDC-recommended 38 °C will be asked to return home and only come back to work after they’ve gone three days without a fever. 
Associates are expected to follow social distancing guidelines, participate in safety exercises such as daily stretching, and share safety tips with co-workers. 
You will work around moving machines. 
You’ll be on the move for your whole shift. Your shifts will include standing in one place for long periods, walking around, and climbing stairs. You will need to wear comfortable, closed-toed shoes. 
Even with climate controls, temperatures in some parts of our warehouses may vary between 15°C and 32°C. Temperatures can go over 32°C in the truck yard or inside trailers on hot days. 
It can get noisy. We will give you hearing protection, if you need it. 
The dress code is relaxed with a few rules to follow for safety. 
 You will also need to be able to: 
Lift up to 22 kilograms / 49 pounds 
Stand, walk, push, pull, squat, bend, and reach during long shifts 
Use carts, dollies, hand trucks, and other gear to move stuff around 
If you want to and there is a need for it, you can get trained to use powered industrial trucks 
Go up and down stairs (for sites with stairs) 
Work at a height of up to 12 meters / 40 feet on a mezzanine (for some sites) 
 Basic Qualifications 
High school or equivalent diploma 
 Amazon is committed to employment equity. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce that reflects Canada is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills and value your passion to discover, invent, simplify, and build. Amazon is committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with applicable laws of the province. If you require accommodations, please notify us at www.amazondelivers.jobs/contactus. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
