Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Store Support 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 NEVER A DULL MOMENT. 
 So much goes in to running a massive, successful enterprise like Walmart—and with the ever-changing retail landscape, keeping our stores running means facing fresh challenges, every single day. Our Administrative Store Support associates take on those challenges, solve those problems, and pull off invaluable feats behind the scenes—so our wonderful customers get the care-free shopping experience we’re known for, every time they visit. 
 Whether it’s launching new programs, running our charitable initiatives, maintaining health and safety, or crunching numbers on our busiest days, every Store Support role requires attention to detail, problem-solving skills, cooperation—and pride in a job well done. 
 Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits: 
 
 Positive attitude 
 Great listening skills 
 Strong communication 
 Friendly demeanor 
 Inquisitive mind 
 Stellar attention to detail 
 Ability to work independently 
 Proactive self-starter 
 Happy to help! 
 
 At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and Part-Time Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when needed, and fewer when they’re not needed, allowing time for the other important things in your life. 
 If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. 
 Administrative Store Support roles: 
 
 Office Associate 
 Accounting Office 
 Claims 
 Compliance Associate 
 Personnel Manager 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 A great attitude 
 Desire to join a successful team 
 Attention to detail 
 Willingness to help solve problems 
 Ability to tackle fresh challenges in an ever-changing retail landscape 
 Ability to work confidently under pressure and get the job done with your team! 
 
 Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. 
 We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. 
 Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 What you'll do... 
NEVER A DULL MOMENT. So much goes in to running a massive, successful enterprise like Walmart—and with the ever-changing retail landscape, keeping our stores running means facing fresh challenges, every single day. Our Administrative Store Support associates take on those challenges, solve those problems, and pull off invaluable feats behind the scenes—so our wonderful customers get the care-free shopping experience we’re known for, every time they visit. Whether it’s launching new programs, running our charitable initiatives, maintaining health and safety, or crunching numbers on our busiest days, every Store Support role requires attention to detail, problem-solving skills, cooperation—and pride in a job well done. Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits: - Positive attitude - Great listening skills - Strong communication - Friendly demeanor - Inquisitive mind - Stellar attention to detail - Ability to work independently - Proactive self-starter - Happy to help! At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and Part-Time Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when needed, and fewer when they’re not needed, allowing time for the other important things in your life. If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. Administrative Store Support roles: - Office Associate - Accounting Office - Claims - Compliance Associate - Personnel Manager Qualifications: - A great attitude - Desire to join a successful team - Attention to detail - Willingness to help solve problems - Ability to tackle fresh challenges in an ever-changing retail landscape - Ability to work confidently under pressure and get the job done with your team! Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
