Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Geneticist - BC Women’s Hospital and Health Centre, Provincial Medical Genetics Program 
 B.C. Women's Hospital & Health Centre 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre (BCW) is the only facility in British Columbia devoted primarily to the health of women, newborns and families. It provides a broad range of specialized women’s health services that address the health needs of women of all ages and backgrounds. BC Women’s is one of the largest maternity facilities in Canada, with over 7,000 births a year, and is both the major primary and secondary maternity services provider in the Lower Mainland and the cornerstone of the provincial tertiary care system. As an academic health centre BCW’s mandate includes providing strong leadership in research and the education and professional development of health care professionals in areas related to the health of the populations we serve. 
 BCW is a part of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA), which plans, manages and evaluates selected specialty and province-wide health care services across BC. PHSA embodies values that reflect a commitment to excellence. These include: 
 Respect people • Be compassionate • Dare to innovate • Cultivate partnerships • Serve with purpose. 
 The University of British Columbia (UBC) is Canada’s third largest university and consistently ranks among the 40 best universities in the world. Primarily situated in Vancouver, UBC is a research-intensive university and has an economic impact of $4 billion to the provincial economy. 
 Clinical Geneticist 
BC Women’s Hospital and Health Centre 
Provincial Medical Genetics Program 
Short term locum Position 
Vancouver, BC 
 The BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre and the University of British Columbia (UBC) Department of Medical Genetics invite applications for a Clinical Geneticist position in the Provincial Medical Genetics Program. 
 The Provincial Medical Genetics Program provides comprehensive genetic services within British Columbia and has a long tradition of excellence in clinical care, education, and research. The scope of clinical practice includes prenatal genetic assessment and counseling, dysmorphology, pediatric genetic assessment, and adult clinical genetics. In addition to regular scheduled clinics, the Clinical Geneticist will also be expected to perform on-call services and outreach clinics. The Program includes a fully accredited Royal College Residency Training Program in Medical Genetics and Canadian College of Medical Genetics fellowships in clinical, biochemical, molecular, and cytogenetics. Salary and appropriate faculty appointment will be commensurate with qualifications and experience and are subject to approval. 
 Candidates for this position will have an M.D. or equivalent degree, must be eligible for permanent licensing in the province of British Columbia, as well as having specialist certification in medical genetics with either the Canadian College of Medical Geneticists, or the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada. Candidates will also be considered if they possess comparable training and certification from other countries. Compensation will be determined by qualifications and clinical experience according to the Provincial Medical Services Plan. 
 Applications will be accepted until a suitable candidate is identified. 
 Applications, accompanied by a detailed curriculum vitae should be sent to: 
 (References should be available upon request) 
 Dr. Linlea Armstrong 
Medical Director 
Provincial Medical Genetics Program 
C201 – 4500 Oak Street Vancouver, BC Canada V6H 3N1 
 Tel:  604-875-3495 
 Fax:  604-875-3490 
 Email (in care of Alice Ramos, Program Secretary):  aramos@cw.bc.ca 
 For more information about BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre, please visit the website at: www.bcwomens.ca 
 For more information on all that the PHSA has to offer, please visit: jobs.phsa.ca 
 BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre hire on the basis of merit and is committed to employment equity. In accordance with Canadian Immigration requirements, this advertisement is first directed to Canadian citizens and permanent residents but international candidates are invited to apply. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals, including Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
