__ 
 
 Home 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Car Dealers 
 Car Industry 
 Car Maintenance 
 Car Modifications 
 Car Reviews 
 Insurance 
 Learning To Drive 
 
 How To Clean Your Car Quickly And Still Do A Good Job 
 August 5, 2014   0 Comments 
 Owning a car is great fun! You get to drive places whenever you feel like it, and you can do so in relative comfort. A person’s car is like their home away from home. It’s their bubble, their shelter if you will, from the public. 
 We all know about the importance of maintaining our cars. But few people like to admit that they devote time on a regular basis to cleaning their cars! I don’t know about you, but I don’t consider cleaning my car to be “fun.” 
 I should point out that there are a couple of positives to cleaning your car. First, your car will look amazing and just like it did when it was brand new! And, second, you will feel an enormous sense of satisfaction knowing that you made it happen. 
 I think the downside to regular car cleaning is that people just don’t have the time to do it. Most of us lead quite busy and hectic lives, and the only spare time we will have is on the weekend. But we all know that the weekend is for having fun and relaxing, not doing “chores”! 
 What if I told you that there was a way of cleaning your car fast, and without doing a poor job? In today’s article, I will give you some pointers to show you how to get the job done in as short a period as possible! 
 
 Image via Flickr 
 Buy the right tools for the job 
 Before you set yourself up for cleaning your car, you need to get the following tools to make your car cleaning tasks easier. The tools you need are as follows: 
 
 Pressure washer.  Get yourself a mid-range one. You don’t need to spend big bucks on your pressure washer when there are cheaper alternatives that do the same job, if not better.  Nilfisk  is one brand that springs to mind; 
 Snow foam.  The days of scrubbing your car are over! Use the snow foam with the pressure washer’s shampoo bottle attachment; 
 Alloy wheel cleaner and brush.  Useful for removing tough brake dust and road tar stains; 
 Powerful vacuum cleaner.  Make sure it has attachments for small crevices. You might need to buy one that’s suitable for  cleaning dog hair , if you have a dog. 
 
 Rinse, foam and rinse again 
 Once you have set the pressure washer up, spray some alloy wheel cleaner onto your wheels and leave it to work for a few minutes. Rinse the chemicals off your wheels. If there are still some stains, spray again, use the brush to scrub them off and rinse the chemicals off once more. 
 Next, lift your car’s wiper blades up and rinse your car. Be sure to clean between any crevices, especially in wheel arches, bodywork gaps and the spokes in your alloy wheels. 
 Spray the car with snow foam. One trick from  countrycar.co.uk  is to let it settle for 20 minutes. The snow foam should form a powdery coating on your car, and “eat” into any dirt on the surface. Finally, rinse the car again from top to bottom. 
 Vacuum 
 Now that your exterior is clean, it’s time to get busy inside the car! Get your vacuum cleaner and clean the carpets, seats and headlining. Set your vacuum cleaner to its highest power setting, so that you can get the job done quicker. 
 Use the attachments for hard-to-reach areas, such as under the seats and between trim plastics. The whole job should take you no longer than one hour to complete. Good luck! 
 __Previous Article Your Guide to Knowing When to Change Your Tyres 
 Next Article __Japanese Cars - Which One's Best For You? 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 __ 
 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Air bags   Air con   Cars   Claims   Crash   Fast car   Fast cars   Insurance   Maintenance   New car   Safety   Test drive   Used car   Young drivers 
 Taking care of your car is one never-ending process. It takes a lot of time and money. And if you suddenly need to write a paper it¹s a real disaster, come to  davidjsalmon professional writing service  let us write your paper while you ride your Impala 100 mph. 
 (C) 2021 Car World Chat. All rights reserved. 
 Cassie  by ThemeMeme 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept  Read More 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Necessary  Always Enabled 
