Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Stocking Team Member / Casual 
 London Drugs Limited 
 __Airdrie, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Stock Service Team Members (Casual) 
 Are you looking to work for a company committed to supporting their community? Interested in a role that helps people get the essentials they need? 
 London Drugs is looking for customer focused people to join our Stock Service team! Due to increased demand for essential goods, London Drugs is working hard to fulfill the needs of the community. If you’d like to contribute, this may be the role for you! 
 This is a casual position for the immediate future. Candidates may be offered permanent part time positions upon the completion of this work period. 
 What we do? 
 The Stock Service team members will be responsible for moving items between sales and stock areas, cleaning store surfaces, and other Stock Service related duties, as required. This team is vital to the operational requirements of the store and enhances our ability to provide the optimum level of customer service and cleanliness on the general sales floor. 
 What are we looking for? 
 Applicants that are able to work a flexible schedule, Monday through Sunday. 
Positive attitude 
Great team players interested in helping others 
Why work for us? 
 100% Canadian-owned retailer 
Established community partner 
Flexible and varied schedules 
Competitive pay that rewards strong and consistent performance 
A high-energy and varied workplace that strives for and rewards excellence 
Apply Now! 
 We are an equal opportunity employer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work applicable to this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Be advised, London Drugs DOES NOT use third party recruitment services. 
 #ZR 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
