Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Fashion Associates - Thyme Maternity - Carrefour Laval - Laval 
 Reitmans (Canada) Ltd 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Thyme Maternity is the fashion destination for moms-to-be. Thyme’s exceptional level of personalized service provides the setting for you to connect with each and every customer as you bump up their maternity style. Feel the rewards of making a difference in someone’s pregnancy journey. Apply at Thyme today. 
 We are looking for talented Fashion Associates to join our team! 
Reporting to the Supervisor in charge, the Fashion Associate is the customer service specialist of the store! Their key focus is to wow and amaze customers through your know-how and fashion sense. 
 A typical day will also include the following : 
o Creating and maintaining a connection with customers; 
o Providing in depth product and promotion information; 
o Using the system to process transactions; 
o Assisting in product and visual merchandising; 
 Requirements : 
This job might be for you if you are customer driven; you go out of you way to make your customers smile. 
o You like fashion…no actually, you love fashion. Your friends are always complementing your wardrobe; 
o You enjoy and welcome change; 
o You’re flexible and don’t mind working evening and weekends…as long as you’re working with fun people; 
o You connect well with everyone and build trust easily; 
o You preferably have some previous fashion retail experience. 
o You are bilingual (French / English) 
 By the way, did you know that our brand is part of Reitmans Canada Limited (RCL as we affectionately call ourselves), that has over 800 Canada-wide locations represented by several exciting fashion apparel banners. 
 There are many ways to wear a career at RCL! #ReadytoRCL 
 Comments : 
We thank all applicants. Only selected candidates will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
