
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 Work From Home Jobs  June 5, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 449shares 
 Looking for the best online translation jobs from home? If you are bilingual or multilingual, you can make some good money by offering translation services online. 
 A lot of companies and businesses are looking to expand their customer base and audience. And the best way to reach people is to communicate to them in a language they understand; this is where translating comes in. If you speak more than one language, grab this opportunity and make some modest earnings. 
 We know you are looking for online translation jobs; and we will tell you where you can get the jobs. But before we get to the companies and sites that hire translators, let’s look at some essentials to get you started. 
 How can I make money as a translator? 
 First things first. You need to be bilingual or multilingual to work as a translator. Learning a foreign language in school is often not enough to make you fluent enough to work as a translator. 
 You will have to pass fluency tests before most companies and sites hire you. If you have a good mastery of your native language as well as your second language, your services will be in high demand. 
 A lot of translators have a Bachelor’s Degree in translation. Some companies hire translators with a bachelor’s degree only. If you do not have a degree, there are a lot of online training services you can take to gain some essential skills. 
 With the right language competencies and translation skills, you are good to get started. You just need a stable internet connection to start working as a freelance translator. 
 How much do translators make? 
 Translating is among the  best paying work from home jobs . However, how much you earn as a translator will depend on the company or gig at hand, your experience, and the demand for your services. 
 The average pay for online translators is around $25 per hour. Some translators earn thrice this amount. Some gigs will, however, pay depending on the number of words to be translated. 
 Now that we have established how lucrative online translation jobs can be, let’s look at some companies that hire online translators. 
 Companies hiring for online translation jobs from home 
 Read more:  70+ Online Jobs Worldwide - Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 1. Translate.com 
 Translate.com  is a platform that links translators to clients who need translation services. Their gigs revolve around translating blog posts, support tickets, medical reports, user guides, business plans and social media posts. 
 Your work on this platform will be to edit machine-translated texts. 
 Translate.com offers services in over 90 world languages. Yours will be to sign up, take a test and start translating. The company assigns the gigs on a first come first serve basis. 
 You can cash out your payment to PayPal anytime. 
 PROS 
 
 Their wide language coverage will most probably cover your languages of choice 
 Flexibility to work from wherever and whenever 
 Consistent flow of work 
 No more bidding for work 
 
 CONS 
 
 Rigorous selection process 
 
 2. Unbabel 
 Unbabel  is another reputable site looking to hire online translators. As a translator on Unbabel, you should expect to translate product descriptions, blog posts, newsletters, and online content. You should also expect to review artificial intelligence translations to boost their accuracy. 
 They however hire translators depending on their language needs at a time. Be sure to check out if they are hiring translators in your language of expertise from time to time. 
 They pay hourly, unlike most reputable translation sites. Expect to earn anything between $8 and $18 per hour. They pay via PayPal, and via Payoneer in countries where PayPal is not available. 
 PROS 
 
 You can cash out anytime 
 Simple translating gigs- your work will mostly be to edit translations by machines 
 
 CONS 
 
 They don’t always have opportunities for all languages at a time 
 
 3. OneHourTranslation 
 One Hour Translation  hires translators from all over the world. To get started on this site, you will have to pass an online exam. After the exam, you will need to send in your justifications to get approved. 
 Once you get approved, you get to pick jobs to work on. You work and get paid whenever you want.  You can withdraw your earnings One Hour Translation MasterCard, PayPal or wire transfer. 
 Pay generally starts from$12 per hour. However, what you earn will mostly depend on your language combination. 
 PROS 
 
 Various pay methods 
 Consistent flow of work 
 Flexibility to work from wherever and whenever 
 You will receive bonuses for exemplary works and ratings 
 
 CONS 
 
 Tough entry process 
 
 4. Gengo 
 If you translate to or from Japanese or Mandarin, you would definitely love the experience at  Gengo . The demand for Japanese translators is high on this app. 
 To get started, you need to sign up and pass the approval test. After getting approved, your work will be to navigate through the jobs on the dashboard and choose which ones you want to work on. 
 They pay per word or per character translated. Pay rates starts from $0.03 per word. They pay bimonthly via PayPal. Depending on the results of your test and reputation on the site, you will be rated as standard, pro or proofreader. Each levels access different jobs and have different pay. 
 PROS 
 
 Consistent flow of work for Japanese translators 
 Select work that suits you best-no bidding 
 Hire worldwide 
 You can retest up to three times if you fail the entry test 
 They provide educational resources for the translators 
 
 CONS 
 
 They charge $1.50 for every payout 
 
 5. Smartling 
 If you are a tech-savvy, you will love your experience on  Smartling . Most of their clients are software companies, so as you sign in, be prepared of lots of modern technology-related gigs. 
 You will need to take a test before you get approved. 
 PROS 
 
 Modest pay 
 Consistent flow of work 
 
 CONS 
 
 A slow support team that over focuses on the wellbeing of the clients and hardly ever on the translators 
 
 Remote translation jobs 
 Read more:  Absolutely Free Money! 13 Easy Ways To Earn Free Money Online In 2020 
 6. Speakt 
 Speakt  is another translation company that hires translators on an independent contract basis. The first step to getting started with Speakt is to sign up and fill in the necessary details. You will then have to pass an online test before you can access the dashboard. 
 The best aspect of Speakt is that once you are approved, you will be able to access and pick any job you want from their dashboard. You will receive a notification on your email whenever jobs that match your profile are posted. 
 They pay monthly via PayPal or wire transfer. How much you earn per gig depends on your language combination. 
 PROS 
 
 A team of professional and supportive support; queries are answered quickly 
 Simple and friendly projects 
 Timely payment 
 Modest pay 
 
 CONS 
 
 Tough entry test may throw you out 
 
 7. Translators Cafe 
 Translators café  has both translating and interpretation gigs. If you are searching for both, this could be the most ideal site for you. They have gigs in a wide range of world languages. 
 You will have to sign up, take a test and wait for approval. Once approved, you will be able to access the jobs board. You can then start bidding for jobs that interest you. You will, however, receive notifications inviting you to apply for jobs that match your language combination. 
 To be top of the consideration list by employers, you will have to upgrade your subscription. 
 PROS 
 
 They have  consistent flow of work in most European languages 
 Email notification whenever your job combination is posted 
 Modest pay for most language combination 
 Flexibility to work whenever and wherever 
 
 CONS 
 
 Putting up your profile can be exhausting and overwhelming 
 The site is quite complicated and difficult to navigate through 
 
 8. Translators Base 
 Translators Base  is another company that hires translators to work from the comfort of their houses. They have a wide range of translation gigs covering different fields. To get started, you will need to sign up on their site and sit a test. Once you get approved, you will be able to access jobs on the dashboard. You can start bidding for jobs that spark your interest. 
 PROS 
 
 They have consistent flow of work in wide range of languages 
 Create your own work schedule 
 Modest pay 
 
 CONS 
 
 Getting approved can be quite difficult 
 
 9. Andovar 
 Andovar  is a reliable language solutions platform that hires translators from all over the world. If you are a beginner and would love to use some support as you start off, you may love it here. There are lots of friendly support and translators that may guide you. 
 Besides, they have excellent software that will help you translate. 
 PROS 
 
 They have consistent flow of work- in fact, the work load can be overwhelming sometimes 
 Friendly yet professional work environment 
 Flexibility to set your work hours 
 
 CONS 
 
 More favorable for translators of Asian languages 
 
 Online translation jobs for students 
 Read more:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 10. Proz 
 Proz  is one of the oldest sites in the online translation world. They remain a reputable site that hires translators in over 200 language combinations. 
 To get started on the site, you will need to select your language combination. You will also select the fields in which you would love to work in. 
 What you would love most about this site is that it is welcoming to semi-professional and amateur translators. It is open to mostly anyone; they are barely keen about your competencies. So, if you are a beginner, grab this opportunity 
 PROS 
 
 Welcoming to beginners 
 They have gigs in over 45 language combinations, and they are ever expanding 
 Privilege to set your work hours and work schedule 
 
 CONS 
 
 Outdated site that is difficult to navigate 
 
 11. World Lingo 
 World Lingo  hires translators either as specialists, or generalists. On this site, you can only translate to your native language. Besides, the gigs you work on have to be based in your country of residence. You need a University degree and two years of experience in your area if specialty before you get approved. 
 To get started, log in on their site and fill in the Freelance Application Form. 
 PROS 
 
 Most of their gigs are long-term 
 Flexible work schedule 
 
 CONS 
 
 Lots of requirements and specificities may throw you out 
 
 12. Transperfect 
 If you are looking to work full-time,  Transperfect  could be the ideal site for you. They have both full-time and part-time translating gigs for freelancers. They also have interpretation gigs. 
 Navigating through their site is quite easy. You can filter the jobs depending on your interests and qualification. 
 You will also love that the freelancers get health benefits, unlike most freelance sites. 
 PROS 
 
 They have a consistent flow of work 
 They offer their freelancers health benefits 
 Modest pay 
 Flexible work schedule for part-time gigs 
 
 CONS 
 
 Support team doesn’t respond to queries promptly 
 
 More online translation jobs 
 Read more:  17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well And Are Flexible 
 13. Translationservices.com 
 As a freelance translator on  Translation Services , you should expect to work on both academic and non-academic texts. They have translation gigs in lots of languages. You will even bump into gigs from endangered languages. If you cannot find your language combination from another site, you will find it here. 
 If you are an expert in legal and medial translation, you will love it here. 
 You will have to be a native speaker in your target language before you get approved. 
 PROS 
 
 Availability of gigs in most world languages 
 Friendly support team 
 Flexible work schedule 
 Friendly yet professional work environment 
 
 CONS 
 
 Getting approved is quite hectic 
 
 14. Verbalizeit 
 Verbalizeit  hires translators that are at least fluent in two languages. To get approved, you must pass several assessment tests. After approval, you will be able to access their jobs board and select work that suits your profile. 
 They pay $5 per hour. This is quite low, but a good way to start off. They pay on 15th and 30th of every month via PayPal. Sign up on their page to get started. 
 PROS 
 
 Flexible work schedule 
 Friendly and professional work environment 
 Work is assigned to the first responder 
 You will receive notifications whenever work that matches your profile is uploaded 
 
 CONS 
 
 Low pay 
 
 15. Translators Town 
 If you are a beginner, be sure to try your luck on Translator’s Town. A lot of translation companies require translators to have some years of experience, which is not the case with this company. You need no experience here. As long as you have the right experience and skills, you are good to get started. 
 To bid for jobs on this site, you will have to get a paid membership. They have two paid subscriptions, one costs $75 per year and the other costs $110 per year. 
 What I love most about this site is that you can post jobs as a client, and bid for jobs as a translator, using the same account. 
 PROS 
 
 They hire worldwide 
 No experience needed 
 Modest pay 
 Flexible and friendly work environment 
 
 CONS 
 
 You won’t access any jobs on free version 
 
 16. TextMaster 
 TextMaster  hires translators worldwide. You will love that the entry process on this site is quite straightforward. 
 You will need to sign up and take tests before you can access work. Depending on your linguistic skills and experience, you can join this platform as a professional or as a semi-professional. 
 You will love that once the client approves your work, the payment will automatically reflect on your account. You can withdraw your earnings any time you wish. You can use PayPal or Payoneer for your withdrawal purposes. 
 PROS 
 
 Opportunity to choose projects to work on 
 Flexible work schedule 
 Friendly and professional work environment 
 Instant payment and withdrawal of payment 
 
 CONS 
 
 Inconsistent flow of work 
 
 17. Transparent Language 
 Transparent Language  hires translators to offer both interpretation and translation services to its clients. You must have at least 2 years’ experience in translation to get hired. Besides, you must have a vast knowledge of translation software. 
 You will need to sign up, specify the services you want to offer, and pass a test before you get approved. 
 Their pay is standard, but it significantly varies depending on your language combination. 
 PROS 
 
 Flexible work environment 
 Friendly support team who promptly respond to queries 
 Modest pay 
 
 CONS 
 
 Getting approved is a bit hectic 
 
 Which of these online translation jobs will you take on? 
 Online translation jobs are one of the most lucrative freelance gigs. If you are bilingual and multilingual, you should not be sitting on that goldmine. The sites above are out to ensure you explore your potential. 
 From the list above, get two or three sites that suit your capabilities and interests, sign up, take the tests, and get started. With the above online translation jobs, you will soon watch yourself earn decent money working remotely. Besides, you will earn the fulfillment of helping companies and organizations expand their base. 
 So, which of these online translation jobs will you pursue? Do you have any other work from home translation jobs to add? Let us know in the comment section below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 449shares 
   
 Tags: online translation jobs ,  remote translation jobs ,  translation jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 Searching for genuine online typing jobs with free … 
   
 6 Best Search Engine Evaluator Jobs To Work From Home 
 Do you have a lot of time in … 
   
 10 Lucrative Work From Home Business Ideas With Low Startup Costs 
 Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit and drive … 
   
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in 2020 
 Do you have plenty of time in your … 
   
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Where should you look to find online editing … 
   
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Do you have a good eye for errors … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
