Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Recreation Aide 
 County of Hastings 
 __Bancroft, ON 
 Apply Now 
 CENTENNIAL MANOR 
 Location:  Bancroft, Ontario 
 Status:  Temporary Part-Time, up to 6 months with possibility of extension 
 The County of Hastings is currently accepting applications for  Recreation Aide  in the Recreation Department at Hastings Centennial Manor Long Term Care Home in Bancroft, Ontario. 
 DUTIES 
 To assist residents to achieve optimum physical, social, intellectual, spiritual and emotional functioning through the provision of individual and group programs and services. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 
 Must have a post-secondary diploma or degree in Recreation and Leisure studies, Therapeutic Recreation, Kinesiology or other related field from a community college or University. 
 
 
 Courses in Gerontology and Restorative Aid training would be beneficial. 
 
 
 Previous experience in coordinating activities for seniors and knowledge of community resources. 
 
 
 Experience planning and implementing programs for seniors that are suitable for individuals at a lower cognitive and physical functioning level. 
 
 
 A class “F” Driver’s License is required. 
 
 
 Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with residents, family members and co-workers. 
 
 
 Excellent skills in communication, motivation. 
 
 
 Computer literacy with experience in the use of Activity Pro, Point Click Care and RAI-MDS 2.0 is an asset. 
 
 
 A demonstrated ability to carry out assigned duties and to regularly and punctually attend work. 
 
 
 
 HOURS OF WORK: *All Shifts, 50 hours bi-weekly 
 STARTING RATE OF PAY  : $24.64 per hour plus 12.5% in lieu of benefits 
 CLOSING DATE  : Friday, August 28, 2020 
 Please quote:  2020-1133-HM-211 – “Your Name”  in the subject line  . Interested candidates may submit their resume and covering letter to the following: 
 Juliana Alvarez-Molina 
Human Resources Advisor 
Talent Management & Acquisition 
 In accordance with the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, personal information collected will be used only for the purposes of this employment opportunity. We thank all candidates who apply, but advise that only those persons selected for an interview will be contacted. The County of Hastings is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes. Please contact us if you require this posting in an   alternate format. If contacted for an employment opportunity, please advise Human Resources if you require accommodation. 
 Reference ID: 2020-1133-HM-211 
 Application deadline: 2020-08-28 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary 
 Salary: From $24.64 per hour 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
