Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Professional 
 McHardy Vacuum Ltd. 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are currently looking to fill a full-time dynamic sales professional position by someone who loves working with people. Founded in 1946 we have a long history of solving client's cleaning needs. Retail experience is beneficial but not required, however the ability to clearly communicate and think outside the box when it comes to serving others is vital. In order to succeed with us you must have an outgoing personality that's confident in a fun and friendly team environment. This is more than selling vacuum cleaners, we are a team dedicated to serving others by suggesting products geared for keeping healthy homes and work environments. We provide vacuum cleaners, central vacuum systems, commercial vacuums, air purifiers, allergy relief products and chemical free cleaning. Our growing company is expanding so there will be opportunities for advancement. 
 Benefits of working with us: 
 
 $15/hr to start 
 Semi-annual bonus 
 Extra income from extended protection and commission products 
 Full benefit package – health, dental, vision etc. 
 Family friendly hours 
 Company events and dinners 
 Sweet deals on vacuums : ) 
 
 Duties Include: 
 
 Assisting clients in a relaxed yet professional atmosphere 
 Sales goals and target strategies 
 Educating clients on our product lines including the luxury brands Miele and Dyson 
 Consulting on the installation of central vacuum systems in homes 
 Negotiating project deals for multi-unit installations 
 Brand growth strategies 
 Showroom standards 
 Minor vacuum repairs (replacing belts and filters) 
 Attending training meetings 
 
 Working Environment: 
 
 Flexible yet consistent schedule during regular operating hours 
 Willingness to work extra hours during peak periods 
 Lifting up to 50 lbs 
 Working with people in a fun environment 
 
 Employee Requirements: 
 
 Minimum 2 years of sales experience 
 Proven growth and sales success strategies 
 Is a comfortable and persuasive communicator, presenter, and negotiator 
 Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, customer service skills and the ability to prioritize while handling multiple tasks is required 
 Computer and POS software skills 
 Able to work 40 hours a week during our operating hours below. 
 Mon 8:30am-5:30pm 
 Tues 8:30am-5:30pm 
 Wed 8:30am-5:30pm 
 Thurs 8:30am-5:30pm 
 Fri 8:30am-8pm 
 Sat 9-4 
 
 To learn more about us check out our website: 
 https://www.mchardyvac.com/join-us/ 
 We thank all applicants for their time and interest in McHardy Vacuum, but will only contact those selected for an interview. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
