Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Lifecycle (Email + SMS) 
 goeasy 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you are looking to join one of Canada’s fastest growing companies, goeasy Ltd. is the place for you! Recognized as one of Canada's Top 50 Fintech's, Most Admired Corporate Cultures, Top 30 Performing Stocks on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and one of North America’s Most Engaged Workplaces, we want the best and brightest to join our team. 
 We are a publicly traded company on the TSX with over 4000% shareholder return since 2001, goeasy operates two main business units. easyfinancial is our consumer lending business that offers secured and unsecured installment loans of up to $35,000 and easyhome is Canada’s largest merchandise lease-to-own company. It is our vision to provide everyday Canadians the path for a better tomorrow, today by giving them access to the credit they need and by offering them a second chance when they have been turned down by banks and traditional lenders. With a retail network of nearly 400 locations across Canada and over 1900 employees, we are able to build lasting relationships with our customers as we help them rebuild their credit and graduate towards prime rates and a brighter financial future. 
 The Sr. Manager of Lifecycle is a digital marketer who has a track record of driving outstanding results through the email and SMS channels. You will be responsible for developing, analyzing, and optimizing the email and SMS strategies, campaigns and segments for two customer brands – goeasy and easyfinancial. You are an exceptional communicator and collaborator. You keep up with latest marketing trends and pay attention to those that drive real results – engagement and conversion. You are analytical. You test, measure, and iterate in order to drive results (A/B is your middle name!). You are organized and can lead a variety of campaigns including Sales, Transactional Service and Lifecycle Management. And finally, you are a Marketing Cloud expert. You understand the tool and the data needed to power automations. 
 Responsibilities (not limited to): 
Manage and build overall email and SMS marketing strategy. 
Identify new opportunities to drive lead generation and customer acquisition through our email and SMS channels 
Own Marketing Cloud technology and the relationships with Vendors and the internal data teams to automate and optimize, reducing the need for manual sends and reporting 
Develop programs to nurture the leads in our pipeline and convert them to new customers 
Increase customer loyalty and retention through lifecycle programs that complement the deep relationships developed with customers by our branch and call center staff 
Support cross-sell and upsell programs 
Collaborate with cross functional stakeholders to align on strategy, build integrated campaigns and share best practices. . 
Develop strategies and execution plans that focus on segmenting customers and developing custom communication journeys through email and SMS that drive the highest conversion rates 
Develop documentation and road maps for processes, A/B tests, and promotions that succeed through email. 
Contribute to campaigns - draft copy, design leveraging approved imagery, and code. 
 Manage campaigns relative to KPIs:  Revenue, Spend, Budget, Opens, Clicks, Conversion, Engagement, etc. 
Align with website content and promotion cycles to drive unified branding and improved conversion rates. 
Evaluate various levers, such as email exclusive promos, pop ups, etc. that can drive improved performance 
Analyze data to get smart insights; make recommendations for improvements to existing campaigns and identify possible new campaigns. 
Stay up-to-date on industry trends and best practices within email SMS and other digital marketing trends. 
 Qualifications: 
5+ years of Email / SMS marketing experience 
Experience with driving organic growth and engagement through referrals, re-engagement notifications and other means 
Exceptional technical writing skills with a proven ability to write clear and effective copy 
Experience with Marketing Tech – Specifically Marketing Cloud – to enable automation 
 Macro-to-micro versatility:  strategic mindset coupled with a keen attention to detail 
Well-rounded interpersonal skills, and experience interacting with diverse personalities 
Experience working in a collaborative team and directly with people at levels and from across the various areas including IT, Marketing, Product, Operations and Customer Experience. 
Outstanding organizational and communication skills and the ability to balance multiple priorities 
Familiarity with project management software (i.e. Jira, Confluence) 
 Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment 
 goeasy is an equal opportunity employer. In addition, goeasy is committed to providing accommodations for applicants upon request at any stage of the recruitment process in accordance with all legislative requirements throughout Canada. Please let us know if you require an accommodation due to a disability during any aspect of the recruitment process and we will work with you to address your needs. 
 Additional Information: 
All candidates considered for hire must successfully pass a criminal background check, credit check, and validation of their work experience to qualify for hire. 
 We thank all interested applicants, however we will only be contacting those for interview who possess the skills and qualifications outlined above. 
 Why should you work for goeasy? 
 To learn more about our great company please click the links below: 
 http://goeasy.com/careers/ 
 PAID1234 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
