Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mechanical Engineer, STM project, installation of tunnel accessories 
 Stantec 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Want to act in the collective interest? 
 At Stantec, we are at our best when we innovate together, where collective interest, creativity and customer needs come together. We are guided every day by our imagination, ingenuity and a deep understanding of the society around us. 
 We are a global network of 22,000 employees in 400 offices on six continents. Founded in Canada, Stantec is today the third largest engineering firm in North America. 
 Here in Quebec, we are a team of 1500 engineers, professionals, designers, project managers and technicians. Our 20 offices can count on strong and committed local leadership. 
 If you are an experienced design and construction mechanical engineer, come and contribute to the realization of a major underground facility that will improve the mobility of our citizens. 
 The facility near Côte-Vertu station will accommodate the AZUR cars that are gradually being added to the STM's fleet of trains. The overall cost of the engineering and construction of this imposing underground complex is over $440 million. 
 Be part of a project team integrated into the heart of our client's operations and take part in the partnership that has existed between Stantec and the STM for more than 20 years. 
 The mechanical engineer will write specifications such as those required for the procurement and installation of tunnel accessories such as culverts, access-walks (steel structures on stilts), tunnel signage (identification plates), access stairs, guardrails, handrails. The technical specifications cover supply and installation, execution of welding, inspections and tests. 
 Your responsibilities: 
Write various technical specifications that meet the client's needs and participate in cost estimates. 
Design various assemblies of mechanical components and accessories in tunnel. 
Coordinate the development of specifications and plans for the procurement and installation of mechanical assemblies with the various disciplines and the client. 
Provide technical assistance for the installation of tunnel accessories (checking shop drawings, designing and revising plans, travelling to the site to help the site team find solutions to implementation problems). 
 Your background: 
Hold a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering ora diploma with 5 to 10 years of supervisory experience in the installation ofmechanical equipment ideally around tunnel accessories or related sites. 
Experience in writing specifications 
Member of the OIQ in order to be able to sign and sealplans and specifications. 
ASP Construction Card 
Ability to work and communicate in a multidisciplinaryteam (Structure, Electricity, Construction, Planning, Estimating, etc.). 
 Knowledge in the following areas is an asset:  materialresistance, welding, metalworking and NFPA 130. 
 What we offer: 
 Regular full-time position:  40 hrs/week. 
Competitive compensation. 
Reimbursement of the annual OIQ membership fee. 
Flexible group insurance and welfare program. 
 Pension plans:  RRSP, Shareholder Plan, TFSA. 
Training and skills development program. 
#LI-QC 
 Job:  Mechanical Engineer 
 Primary Location:  Canada-Quebec-Montréal 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor 
 Travel:  No 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Req ID:  200001XJ 
 Stantec provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for future and current employment and prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, referral, promotion, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, terminations or any other condition of employment. Stantec is in compliance with local, state and federal laws and regulations and ensures equitable opportunities in all aspects of employment. EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
