[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 13 Places to Find Work at home Data Entry Jobs 
 Published by  aw1219  on May 12, 2016 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Are you a pretty fast typist? Do you have the goal of working from home typing in alpha and numeric keystrokes as your main job duty? If so, there are a few companies that you can go to and find legitimate data entry work at home jobs. Before you apply, make sure that you practice your typing skills and monitor your average typing speed. Most work at home employers that recruits data entry keyers want you not only to type fast but accurately. 
 On average, most people type around 35-40 words per minute or wpm. If you can type 55 words a minute or more, you will find that you will have a greater chance of getting data entry job from home. If your typing speed isn't nearly as high, that doesn't mean that you will not get a data entry work at home job. It simply means that there is room from improvement. Here are some additional tips that will help you improve in your typing skills and speed. 
 
 Type accurately  - Make sure that you focus on typing your words correctly rather than faster in the beginning. If you do so, you will be a more confident typist and increase your speed naturally without having to go back and correct errors. Remember that it is much better to type 40 wpm with 99% accuracy rather than 55 wpm with 50% accuracy. Employers hold accuracy at a much higher level. Speed will come later. 
 Keyboard  - Obtain a keyboard that you feel comfortable using to navigate from letter to letter. Sometimes I have bought some of the lesser expensive keyboards but I have found that the Logitech keyboard (which I currently use) helps me to perform better when I am typing. I purchased it for a couple dollars more than the cheaper keyboard at Walmart but it lasts longer and helps me to type quicker. You can find some Logitech keyboard on their official website or on  Amazon . 
 Sit Upright  - Invest in a chair that will help you to have good posture while you are keying. If you tend to get too relaxed while you are typing by sitting in a chair that is too comfortable or not ergonomic, you will make more mistakes and not be as productive when you work. 
 Clip your Nails  - This tip may sound a little bit funny but it really does work. Every time I clip my nails, I make less clerical errors. Some of the members at Workersonboard Talk mentioned some of the benefits of clipping your nails, that you can read  here . 
 Practice  - If at all possible, try to practice your typing skills every single day. Why? The old saying, "Practice makes perfect" can never be underestimated when it comes to typing. It is a true fact that if you type consistently daily, your typing speed and accuracy will improve. 
 
 13 Places to find Data Entry Work at home Jobs 
 
 Cass Info  - This company always has an ongoing need for data entry keyers or offsite invoice payment specialists to work from home typing in source documents or coded information. No skills are required but you may have to live in Ohio and other select states for training and also to pick up your work and to drop it off. You will need to type at least 8,000 kph which is about 30 wpm. 
 Lionbridge  - Their Smart Crowd platform which was formerly known as Virtualbee has an ongoing need for data entry keyers to type in various documents from home. Testing is involved. You can watch this  video  about how to apply and what the work is like here. 
 SigTrack  - A company that uses independent contractors to work from home typing in signatures and registrations. They recruit periodically but I think they are still enrolling new workers now. You can read my full review about SigTrack here on  Homebasedmommie . 
 Xerox  - From time to time you will see work at home data entry positions listed on Xerox. The jobs may be listed as a transcription processor or with the keyword remote. 
 Dion Data Solutions  - This is another company that seeks part-time home contracted vendors who can type 60 wpm with accuracy. You can read more details about the position and apply online. 
 GAO - GAO short for Great American Opportunities recruits home based operators to type in magazine subscriptions and order forms from schools that scout for fundraising campaigns. Most of you are probably familiar with this when your kids receive the order forms to go door-to-door to sell cookies and other gifts. This is what you will type in from home. You will be able to request to apply to for this position very soon. I will give you all the details very soon on my YouTube channel so make sure that you subscribe  here . 
 Ibotta  - This company is currently looking for someone to work from home as a customer support data entry specialist to process user receipts and verify purchases. You will need to live near Denver. Pays $10 per hour. 
 Manpower  - Manpower is currently in need of data entry keyers to work from home who can type 7,000 to 8,000 kph. This is a first shift position that pays $9.25 to $12 per hour. Apply as soon as possible before those positions get filled. 
 UpWork  - This company has work at home data entry jobs for freelancers. Pay is per task, gig or assignment. 
 Volt  - This company is looking for an internet researcher to work on a data entry project. You will also need to communicate in French, Italian and English. 
 Mturk  - Amazon Mturk has some data entry work that you can complete as a Turker. When you search for hits, just type in the words, "data entry or typing" and you will find some. 
 Data Plus  - If you have your own computer, you can apply to be considered to work from home doing data entry. 
 Clickworker  - Another freelance company that has a variety of gigs that you can complete and work whenever you want. Some of those gigs include data entry, data categorization, transcription and more. 
 
 You can find more work at home data entry jobs below 
 
 Data Entry 
 
 Workersonboard Talk - Data Entry Discussion 
 Weekly Jobs 
 
 Friday Freebies 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  at home data entry jobs remote data entry jobs work at home data entry jobs work from home data entry 
 Tags:  data entry jobs you can do from home legit work at home data entry jobs work at home data entry jobs work from home data entry jobs 
           
 
 1 Comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,477 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 Related Posts 
   
 data entry work at home 
  How to Get Data Entry Work at Home  
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post.I know how difficult it can be to find and obtain legitimate data entry work from home. At times, it can  Read more… 
   
 15 work at home data entry jobs 
  15 Legitimate Data Entry Work at Home Jobs  
 Are you a fast typist? Do you like the idea of getting paid to type alpha and numeric keystrokes from home? If so, you may find that a career in data entry will fit your needs perfectly. In fact, before I started working from home, I used to work for the United States Postal Service typing in mailing address and zip codes that were feed to my computer screen that others had written that the scanner was unable to read at the Postal Office. The job was easy and the pay was good but getting it was difficult because you had to pass the Postal Exam. That was a few years ago when working from home was not as much of an option as it is today but now you can do this kind of work online and get paid just the same as you would if you were working outside to home commuting to your job. 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
