Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Assistant 
 Rona 
 __Boucherville, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Greet customers warmly and ensure a good customer experience 
 Assist customers in loading products in their cart or vehicle 
 Bring carts for customers who need assistance 
 Collect carts and baskets scattered in the parking lot 
 Assist the customer service and checkout teams 
 Return to the appropriate departments all merchandise left at the returns desk 
 Stay informed of promotions and flyers 
 Follow the store’s policies and procedures on loss prevention and health and safety in the workplace 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You like to be involved and help others? You have that little something that will make our customers smile? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
