If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Leadership Development Program 
 Fleet Feet Store Support Team](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Carrboro, NC 
 Share 
 
 
 Depends on experience 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Ask Us! 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 The Fleet Feet Leadership Development Program (LDP) fast tracks you to become the operator of a business at the highest level. In order to be considered for this role, you must be mobile for training and store placement. You will oversee the entire staffing process, marketing and customer acquisition, and all store operations. And with Fleet Feet, you not only operate a business, but you have a platform to help your community become healthier and more active. 
 The LDP is an exclusive and unique, one-year development plan that will take place at one of our designated store training sites. This program puts driven individuals with retail experience on the path to operating their own store. With the help of our experienced retail team and weekly training modules, trainees work side by side with an experienced local Operator to learn and build upon the skills necessary to be successful in this role. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running and fitness. We pride ourselves on putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else, for staff or customers. We truly believe that running changes everything. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 2+ years in a retail environment and or sales position preferred 
 Must be mobile for training and store placement 
 Proven track record of managing, developing and training staff, preferred 
 Community outreach and engagement experience, a plus 
 Fosters growth of others through recognition, coaching and development opportunities 
 Promotes individual and team performance by setting expectations, delegating and by providing tools and resources 
 Assists with making business decisions, always putting staff and customers first 
 Builds and maintains trust from staff and customers by using sound judgment 
 Passionate, positive, self-motivated and detail-oriented 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 Willing to go above and beyond when needed 
 Communicate professionally with customers and team 
 Deliver the best customer experience by creating a positive staff culture with a focus on performance management and education. 
 Support all Fleet Feet initiatives, activities, and functions 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Passionate team members 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
