Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Dr. Steven Davison 
 DAVinci Plastic Surgery Blog 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Category Archives: Nose Jobs 
 THE EYES and Blepharoplasty Surgery 
 Posted on  May 29, 2014  by   Dr. Davison 
 My last two blogs have covered facial balance and how to achieve an “Ideal Profile.” Especially this time of year, most patients want to avoid surgery by using “quick fixes.” Quick Fixes include Injectable Fillers. Injectables and Botox are terrific for restoring youthfulness to the face, hands, and other body areas when surgery is not an option. See my last blog for a good overview on Facial Balance, Botox BrowLifts to correct mild ptosis, Nose Reshaping to delay Rhinoplasty surgery, and other age reversing options. 
 Even though we’re through May, people are still requesting these quick fixe options for the instant results. Today’s Advanced Injectable treatments are amazing, and can correct many facial irregularities, with wonderful, longer lasting results than we could offer a decade ago. But…Injectables and Botox are not always the right treatment option. Read On… 
 THE EYES and BLEPHAROPLASTY SURGERY …IDEAL FACIAL PROFILE 
 When there is too much facial aging, Injectables may not get the desired results. Surgery is indicated when muscles are lax and excess fat and tissue needs to be removed. The brow, upper eyelid and lower eyelid all age in unison. When these problems occur, people have Blepharoplasty Surgery: 
 
 Droopy eyebrows 
 Upper eyelids deflate and droop 
 Hooded upper eyelids 
 Outer eye corners drop down 
 Under eye bags form 
 
 These are all skin, fat and muscle changes that are easily corrected by Blepharoplasty. Eyelid surgery can take up to 10 years off an aging face and keep you looking for many years. 
 Visit my website for complete info on this and other age defying options:  www.DAVinciplastic.com . 
 BOTOX BROWLIFT for instant results without surgery. A few well placed Botox injections can eliminate forehead and brow wrinkles, lift the brow and restore youthfulness. It’s easy to determine if you are a good candidate for this option, during your consultation. If so, a few minutes and a few injections into pre targeted areas can take years off your face. 
 RHINOPLASTY SURGERY (Nose Job) 
 Not everyone is a good candidate for injectable nose reshaping. For those who need surgery, please know that surgery is capable of delivering much more significant and pronounced results. Rhinoplasty is the versatile yet complex are of nose reshaping. It involves a blend of artistry, science, expertise and balance. 
 The nose is the most defining feature of the face. If it is distorted in any way, it may cause the entire face to appear out of balance. 
 Many people are unhappy with their nose. They were born with an unattractive nose or it may have become distorted through illness or injury. Common complaints are: it’s too wide, too long, slopes in the middle, has a bump or hump, is poorly defined, inhibits proper breathing (functional) etc. A deviated septum is a common sports injury that causes functional nasal problems and requires surgical correction. 
 RHINOPLASTY is one of the most common surgeries performed today. If you are unhappy with your nose, don’t just live with it! Let’s fix it! 
 I HAVE MANY AGE REVERSING OPTIONS and QUICK FIXES in my TOOLBOX! 
 Let’s Talk. 
 Steven Davison M.D. 
 Posted in  Age Reversing ,  AntiAging ,  Eyelid ,  Facelifts ,  Facial Balance ,  Injectables ,  Medical and Surgical ,  Nose Jobs  |  Tagged  age defying ,  anti aging ,  antiAging ,  baby boomers ,  beauty ,  Blepharoplasty eye surgery ,  board certified ,  botox ,  Botox BrowLift ,  dr. steven davison washington ,  facial procedures ,  facial youthfulness ,  Injectables ,  nose surgery and facial balance ,  quick fixes ,  Rhinoplasty Nose Surgery ,  washington dc plastic surgery ,  wrinkles ,  youthfulness 
 Injectables for Facial Balance and Your Ideal Profile 
 Posted on  May 20, 2014  by   Dr. Davison 
 May is Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month. Skin cancer is the most common type of cancer in the United States. The good news is that it can be prevented and if you get it, it can almost always be cured when found early and treated immediately upon detection. The goal in May is to raise awareness and encourage prevention. Visit:  www.healthfinder.gov  for complete info on skin cancer. 
 Well, this blog will continue telling you about facial balance and ways to achieve your “Ideal Facial Profile.  
 Balance is the key to an attractive profile. Proportion is key; there should be balance between the forehead, the midface and the chin. When features are out of balance, and one overpowers the rest, the profile can look askew. A weak chin or backward sloped forehead makes the nose appear too dominant and creates a lack of balance and harmony. 
 INJECTABLE FILLERS and FACIAL BALANCE…surgery used to be the only way to achieve desirable facial balance or your “Ideal Profile.” Today, advanced, sophisticated injectable fillers make designing and achieving your desired outcomes absolutely possible without surgery. Injectables are today’s most popular cosmetic surgery alternative. For example, each year over 1 million people choose Injectables that restore youthfulness to their nose. Today’s Injectables can correct unsightly nasal bulges, humps, bumps, droopy nasal tips, nose bridge irregularities and more. 
 Since the nose is the most defining characteristic of the face, the size and shape can either enhance or distort your appearance. Nose reshaping, that is well done, will not change the way you look, but it will restore youthfulness by enhancing your own facial features. 
 The past decade has produced advanced, highly sophisticated Injectables that we employ to achieve wonderful, longer lasting results. 
 RESTYLANE, RADIESSE and JUVEDERM are top hyaluronic acid fillers that we use to reshape noses and achieve other age reversing cosmetic procedures. NASOLABIAL FOLDS are also injected when doing the nose, to restore volume and eliminate those unsightly folds. Results from Injectables are seen instantly with today’s advanced formulas. 
 BOTOX® for BROWLIFTS without surgery. Botox has been in use for Brow and Forehead lifts for several years now. Botox is used to lift and shape the brow area by correcting mild ptosis (droopy eyelid) while reducing forehead lines, crow’s feet, frown lines, sad lines etc. This offers a rejuvenated, refreshed appearance, again, without surgery. 
 SOMETIMES SURGERY IS THE RIGHT OPTION…As amazing as today’s injectables have proven to be, they are not always right for everyone. In order to avoid age reversing cosmetic surgery, you must start doing small anti aging procedures during the early years (20’s to 30’s) for many options. Then, maintaining them is critical to always look several years younger. For those who were not able to start treatments early, we offer wonderful age defying options for every concern. Check my website for more info on this:  www.DAVinciplastic.com . 
 OK, we’re halfway through May already and graduations, career events, family reunions, vacations etc. are close. It’s time for Skin Peels, Injectable FaceLifts, and other “quick fixes” so you can look and feel your very best. 
 Let’s Talk Soon! 
 Steven Davison M.D. 
 DAVinciplastic Surgery…I combine the supreme elements of art and surgical science. 
 
 Posted in  Age Reversing ,  AntiAging ,  Brotox Male Cosmetic Procedure ,  Facelifts ,  Injectables ,  Nose Jobs  |  Tagged  age defying ,  antiAging ,  arlington rhinoplasty ,  balance and ideal facial profile ,  board certified ,  botox ,  Btox BrowLift/Forehead Lift ,  chin ,  dr. steven davison washington ,  eyebrow lift ,  eyelid lift ,  facial procedures ,  Forehead Lift ,  functional nose surgery ,  injectable nose jobs ,  Juvederm ,  medicine ,  Radiesse ,  Restylane ,  sagging skin ,  washington dc plastic surgery ,  wrinkles ,  youthfulness 
 Youthful Looking, Aesthetically Pleasing…Ideal Profile 
 Posted on  May 9, 2014  by   Dr. Davison 
 There are actually three views of the face: the front, side or profile, and the three-fourths view. Each view dictates a different shape and different curvature of the facial features. Regardless of a person’s favorite view of his or her face, everyone wants an attractive, profile…and one that’s a close to their ideal as possible. In brief: people want a “perfect” facial profile. 
 
 Here’s what an ideal facial profile looks like: 
 
 Profile that’s straight and in tune with the rest of the face 
 Youthful looking, aesthetically pleasing profile 
 Masculine or Feminine ageless look 
 Forehead that isn’t entirely round or flat (upper face) 
 Straight nose with some concavity to it (mid face) 
 Full lip projection (lower face) 
 Well defined chin, neck, jaw line (lower face) 
 
 For those people who are unhappy with their profile, know that it can be corrected and/or enhanced. For many patients, correction is of great value to them for various reasons. 
 Understand first the facial thirds and your aging profile, then you can determine how to correct or enhance what you’ve got to work with. 
 Our “profile” changes as we age. This occurs from the top of the face down. Here’s what you are likely to experience: 
 
 Flattening of the forehead 
 Drooping eyebrows 
 Under eye bags and hollows 
 Loss of cheek volume & definition 
 Lines & folds around the mouth 
 Chin & neck sagging 
 Jowls & neckband formation 
 Hollowing of the temples 
 Drooping nasal tip 
 Nasal bumps & humps become pronounced 
 
 Since the facial anatomy is divided into “thirds”…the upper, midface and lower face, the goal is always to achieve balanced proportions with one another. 
 TODAY’S OPTIONS…include “quick fixes” that are here to stay. For those who start young enough doing the small things such as Injectable Dermal Fillers, Skin Resurfacing, Botox and others, surgery may be delayed or avoided completely. The Boomers are on it and are having all the Age Defying, Age Reversing procedures offered today…because they want to look as good as they feel. The Millennials are right behind them and consider cosmetic, anti aging treatments to be a regular part of the normal health care regimen. 
 For every problem listed in the bullet points (above) we have a treatment option that is age reversing and can give people the facial balance and attractiveness of their dreams. 
 BALANCE is the KEY! Balance among the three facial areas is the key to an attractive face with a harmonious look and good alignment. 
 LIPS are IN TODAY! Much focus is placed on lips today. They should be perfectly proportioned and this can be accomplished with Juvederm or another HA filler to restore volume and lip color. 
 WRINKLES & LINES ARE OUT! We eliminate lines, wrinkles and folds with Botox (around the eyes/forehead), Juvederm/Voluma in the cheek area (midface), Restylane and others in the lower face. See my website for more on injectables:  www.DAVinciplastic.com . 
 SPRING IS HERE and Moms, Sisters and Daughters are showing up in our office for similar treatments…since they’ve discovered that families do age the same! 
 ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY? Body Sculpting could be your answer. Let’s Talk now. 
 Best to You and Yours, 
 
 Steven Davison M.D. 
 Board Certified Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeon 
 Posted in  Age Reversing ,  AntiAging ,  Body Cosmetic Surgery ,  Brotox Male Cosmetic Procedure ,  Chin Augmentation with Implants ,  Eyelid ,  Facelifts ,  Facial Balance ,  Injectables ,  Medical and Surgical ,  Nose Jobs ,  Revolutionary Mini Eye Procedures ,  Skin Resurfacing  |  Tagged  age defying ,  antiAging ,  baby boomers ,  beautiful skin ,  beauty ,  board certified ,  botox ,  Cheek Augmentation ,  Chin Augmentation ,  dr steven davison washington dc ,  facelift ,  facial youthfulness ,  Fat Grafting ,  functional nose surgery ,  Injectable FaceLifts ,  Juvederm ,  necklift ,  sagging skin ,  wrinkles ,  youthfulness 
 Celebrities, Careers, Body Sculpting and the Lipstick Effect 
 Posted on  March 14, 2014  by   Dr. Davison 
 Body  Sculpting is so popular  among  today’s Boomers, GenXer’s and Millennials.  Social media plays a leading role in driving patients of all ages into surgeon’s offices for invasive and non invasive procedures to sculpt and refine the body of their dreams. Social Media, FaceBook being a primary source, has proven to dramatically influence people of all ages and from all income levels to have FaceLifts, Chin Augmentations, Nose Jobs, Eyelid/Forehead Lifts, Breast procedures, Arm Lifts, Tummy Tucks…and many more. See my previous blogs on Body Sculpting for details on what’s involved in Body Refinement and Contouring. 
 Looking Good on Facebook Spikes a Rise in Plastic Surgery Requests:  Social media is about seeing and being seen. A survey of 752 surgeons revealed a 31% increase in plastic surgery requests from people wanting to look better on Social Media. Procedures most requested were: Botox, Rhinoplasty, FaceLifts, ArmLifts (Brachiaplasty) and Breast Augmentation. 
 EXECUTIVES, CAREERS and PLASTIC SURGERY PROCEDURES…We live in a very visual world today and this affects even careers. A colleague of mine, from Manhattan, sees a lot of men and women executives and high profile individuals who are in the public eye constantly. Their pictures are taken constantly…and they are expected to always look good! YouTube, Facebook, HD Television and public appearances demand they look their absolute best. These people previously focused mainly on the face…but now are into Body Sculpting as well. They get paid more to look great! 
 CELEBRITIES CHOICES INFLUENCE US!  We learned from the “Celebs” how to defy aging by employing anti aging treatments. The key is to start early (at the first sign of tiny facial lines, etc.) and to always maintain in order to always look about 10 years younger. A few of today’s celebrities have heavily influenced how people want to look. 
 · Kate Middleton’s Nose is the nose of choice among the World’s female population 
 · Cheryl Cole’s Dimples…well those are hard to copy 
 · Robert Pattison’s jaw is the envy of scores of men 
 · Brit Jude Law has the most requested nose for men 
 · First Lady Michelle Obama has the most admired arms causing a spike in requests for Upper Arm Lifts (Brachiaplasty) 
 · And the list goes on…………. 
 SCULPTED BODIES and the LIPSTICK EFFECT  …The economy today has also driven people in for cosmetic procedures. We have developed a “collective vanity” per some analysts, but not according to the younger generations today who consider looking good to be important to overall good health. In fact, they budget for cosmetic procedures as part of their health regimen. So they come for FaceLifts and Body Sculpting regularly. Those who cannot afford those options choose less expensive anti aging treatments such as Botox, Injectable Fillers, microdermabrasion, chemical peels and others to reduce the visuals of aging. This is called the  “Lipstick   Effect.”  We cut back on big ticket spending and opt for the “injection effect” to stave off surgery a bit longer and to allow the economy to improve. We also indulge a bit and buy that cologne, perfume or special lipstick we’ve been wanting! 
 MOST POPULAR BODY CONTOURING/REFINING OPTIONS: Liposuction, Tummy Tuck (Abdominoplasty), Lower Body Lift, Mommy Makeover, Daddy DoOver, Thigh Lift, Cellulite Treatments, Buttock Augmentation, Rhinoplasty (Nose Jobs) FaceLifts, Brest Augmentation, Breast Reduction, Breast Lift, Labiaplasty (FemGen for V Zone Rejuvenation)…and more. See my website:  www.davinciplastic.com . 
 Well, Winter is still blasting away…but Spring will come! Are you ready for all the events? Bikini…Beach Season will be here soon. 
 Let’s talk now and design your Refined Body Treatment Plan. 
 Steven Davison M.D. 
 Board Certified Plastic Surgeon 
 Posted in  Age Reversing ,  AntiAging ,  Body Cosmetic Surgery ,  Breast Cosmetic Surgery ,  Breast Reduction Surgery ,  Brotox Male Cosmetic Procedure ,  Buttocks Augmentation ,  Buttocks Lift ,  Chin Augmentation with Implants ,  Eyelid ,  Facelifts ,  Facial Balance ,  Injectables ,  LIP AUGMENTATION ,  Mommy Makeovers ,  Nose Jobs ,  Plastic Surgery ,  Rhinoplasty  |  Tagged  age defying ,  antiAging ,  arlington rhinoplasty ,  baby boomers ,  beautiful skin ,  beauty ,  board certified ,  Body Sculpting and Lipstick Effect ,  botox ,  Breast Augmentation ,  breast implants washington dc ,  breast lift ,  celebrities ,  Cheek Augmentation ,  Chin Augmentation ,  executives and careers.lookin' good ,  facelift ,  facial procedures ,  facial youthfulness ,  First Lady Michelle Obama ,  GenXer;s ,  Kate MIddleton ,  male plastic surgery ,  Millennials ,  sagging skin ,  Social Media ,  upper arm lifts ,  wrinkles ,  youthfulness 
 Get notified of new listings 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 10 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Look Years Younger with Chin Augmentation 
 THE EYES and Blepharoplasty Surgery 
 Injectables for Facial Balance and Your Ideal Profile 
 Balanced Face Profile…Small Changes that make a Dramatic Difference 
 Youthful Looking, Aesthetically Pleasing…Ideal Profile 
 
 Like us on Facebook 
 
 Like us on Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jun 
 Steven Davison 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Age Reversing AntiAging Beautiful Skin Complexion Body Cosmetic Surgery Botox for Bell's Palsy Brazilian Butt Lift Breast Cosmetic Surgery Breast Reconstruction Surgery Breast Reduction Surgery Brides and Grooms Brotox Male Cosmetic Procedure Buttocks Augmentation Buttocks Lift Cancer Chin Augmentation with Implants couples Eyelid Facelifts Facial Balance Female Genital Cosmetic Surgery Female Genital V Zone Happy Holidays Health and Holidays health and wellness Holiday Injectables Lesions and moles LIP AUGMENTATION Lipomas and Lipomatosis Liposuction Love Male Gynecomastia Surgery medical Medical and Surgical Men Only! Merry Christmas Mommy Makeover Mommy Makeovers Non-surgical Nose Jobs Plastic Surgery Prosperity Revolutionary Mini Eye Procedures Rhinoplasty RHINOPLASTY SURGERY OF THE NOSE Skin Care Skin Resurfacing SkinCancer - Malanoma Uncategorized 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
