
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Most direct forest jobs in GTA: ministry 
 December 14, 2020 
 By: The Working Forest Staff 
 CHRONICLEJOURNAL.COM -- When the Ontario government went to bat in late November for the province’s lumber sector, it was mainly sticking up for workers in an area that has most of the votes. 
 According to a Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry backgrounder, the majority of direct forestry-sector jobs — more than 16,000 — were located in the Greater Toronto Area. 
 Northern Ontario came second, with just over 11,000 jobs in the forest industry based on data collected in 2019. An additional 11,000 jobs were located in central Ontario, the backgrounder said. The statistics include jobs in pulp and paper and other forestry-related sectors. 
 About 55 percent of the wood harvested in Ontario is put through sawmills. 
 On Nov. 25, MNRF Minister John Yakabuski noted the U.S. Department of Commerce has agreed to slash U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber exports to nine from 20 percent but said the rate falls well short of the spirit of free trade. 
 “We firmly believe that any rates of this sort are unfair and unjustified,” Yakabuski said in a news release“These rates put the softwood lumber industry and the workers, families, and communities that rely on it at an unfair disadvantage during this already difficult time.” 
 Yakabuski added: “The rate for all companies should be zero — that's the meaning of free trade.” 
 Wood from forestry operations is used in everything from housing construction to personal protection equipment and toothpaste. 
 According to MNRF, the current volume of timber harvested in Ontario is less than 60 percent of what it was in 2000, although global demand for wood products is expected to rise. 
 Less than half of one percent of Ontario’s managed Crown forests is harvested each year, the province says. 
 See more  HERE. 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Name (required) 
 Mail (will not be published) (required) 
 Website 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
