Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MS Dynamics 365 Business Analyst (Finance Focus) 
 SMART Technologies 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 SMART is helping educators and businesses succeed all over the world. Our technology empowers teachers, students and teams to learn and collaborate in innovative ways, inspiring breakthroughs – from improved learning outcomes to moving businesses forward. 
 Reporting to the Finance Controller this position would support the Finance team in the use of Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations (“Dynamics 365 F&O”) and related applications. This individual would act as an intermediary between Finance and the IT/IS team by using a deep understanding of the ERP system, accounting, business processes and technology to help achieve desired outcomes. They would additionally offer ERP support to the Finance team by providing coaching, preparing user instructions and training sessions. 
 This role requires someone with a deep understanding of the intersection of internal finance business needs and technology such that they can readily engage in issue resolution and investigation for complex financial challenges related to integration and reporting. 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 Provide support for Finance team with Dynamics 365 F&O including: 
Document functional requirements and business process documentation according to in-house standards 
Validate business processes with business users of solutions 
Translate requirement specifications into application configurations for applications and systems 
Develop and maintain user test cases 
Coordinate and support user testing for fixes, upgrades, and enhancements 
Communicate changes, enhancements, and modifications to the Finance team 
Supporting the internal users to fix / correct data entry transactions 
Maintain financial dimensions 
Maintain and document user and functional system requirements in context of segregation of duties conflicts and propose corrective or detective solutions 
Develop and maintain effective relationships with the Finance and IT business units 
Develop and maintain regular reports to suit the specific requirements of the Finance teams 
Develop ad-hoc reports as requested and perform analysis on data as required 
Support external audit requests for data 
Performing other duties as required 
 Education and work experience 
 In-depth systems experience with Dynamics 365 F&O (or Dynamics AX) is required 
CPA designation or equivalent strongly preferred 
Prior experience working closely with finance, tax and/or treasury functions as business support 
Experience with developing reports in Financial Reporter (formerly Management Reporter) 
Experience with PowerBi is considered an asset 
Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities simultaneously 
Knowledge of Inventory and Manufacturing Costing and Accounting an asset 
Experience with business processes analysis and efficiency improvement 
Strong understanding of accounting procedures, terminology, & standard practices 
Strong functional knowledge in finance (General ledger, account payable, account receivable, fixed assets, deferred revenue, multiple company management, multiple currency management, etc.) 
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills 
Excellent interpersonal skills 
Excellent written and oral communication skills 
Superior organizational, planning and time management skills 
Excellent analytical, problem solving capability and ability to translate analytical findings into actionable recommendations/processes 
 Supervision 
 This position has no direct reports 
 Additional Details 
 High volume, office-based role in a fast-paced and evolving work environment. 
Strict reporting timelines which may require working outside of normal business hours during key times. 
This role requires a background and credit check 
 Please note that SMART will be closed during the holiday season, returning January 2021. We will carefully consider your application upon our return for the initial screening and will contact you if you are selected to continue in the recruitment process. 
We apologize for the delay and wish you a happy holiday! 
 SMART Technologies Talent Team 
 At SMART Technologies, privacy is not an afterthought to us. Privacy is at the core of our software design. The result is that privacy is an essential component at the core of our business. To read more about our specific policies, please follow the links below. For more information please review: https://home.smarttech.com/legal/privacy-policy 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
