
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 How to Maneuver Job Searching When You Still Have a Job   
 Job Search 
 
 It being easier to get a job when you already have a job is more than just a saying, it’s a fact. A company wants to hire the best talent available, which usually means he or she is committed elsewhere given their skills. Exceptions exist, but overall  applying while employed makes you more marketable . 
 The actionable side of this, however, makes matters more difficult. In most cases, you won’t tell your current employer you’re looking elsewhere, which means you need to tread carefully through your search. Here’s how to maneuver through job searching when you still have a job. 
 Keep your LinkedIn Updated 
 Neglecting your LinkedIn can be an immediate giveaway when your job search begins. It’s important to take time regularly to update everything so there isn’t a suspicious amount of changes when you re-enter your job search. An employer may notice a better presence online and be alerted to your actions. 
 Keep It on the Low 
 Even if you have a close work friend, you should make sure no one is aware at work. All it takes is one rumor to spread that alerts the entire office and can cause bridges to burn. Depending on your reason for leaving and your relationship with your supervisor, you might tell them. When you’re applying and interviewing, leave off current co-workers as references and ask that your current employer not be contacted. 
 Keep It Positive 
 Inevitably you will be asked in an interview why you’re leaving your current employer. You might be having a terrible experience, but you can’t express it that way to the prospective employer. Work out your response ahead of time so you’re ready to answer the question gracefully and move on. A lack of preparation might mean you ramble, leading to more negative thoughts that ultimately reflect poorly on you. 
 Keep it Out of Your Office Time 
 As eager as you are to find a new job, don’t spend your days at work searching and applying for new positions. Similarly, try and schedule your interviews out of work hours. This way, your behavior isn’t suggesting potential changes. 
 Keep Focused 
 As you look toward your next venture, it can be easy to lose sight of what you’re currently doing. When this happens, you can become unfocused at work and ultimately leave on worse terms than you intended based on performance. You can’t predict how long the job search will take, so make sure you’re still focused at your current job. 
 It’s Time to Empower Yourself for a Better Tomorrow. 
 When you’re ready to take the next step in your job search, trust Workbox Staffing. We take our unique approach and offer you more than what you can expect from other staffing agencies. Get in touch today to learn more about how we can help empower you and boost your career.  Search our jobs online ,  give us a call , or  visit us in any of our offices . 
 
 January 15, 2020/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Employment Agencies Grand Rapids MI ,  How to Improve Your Job Search ,  How to Look for a Job ,  Job Search Tips ,  Where To Start My Job Search 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/591733_EEM-Workbox-Staffing-FB_How-to-Maneuver-Job-Searching-When-You-Still-Have-a-Job_112519.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2020-01-15 11:00:392019-12-10 16:18:40How to Maneuver Job Searching When You Still Have a Job 
 You might also like 
   What to Do When You Don’t Have Much Relevant Job Experience   
   How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search   
   5 Benefits to Starting Your Job Search with a Staffing Agency   
   Simple Ways to Keep Up Productivity on a Friday!   
   Can 't Stop Looking at the Clock? Maybe It's Time for a New Job.   
   Create Your Own Luck & Get the Job You Want Today!   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  Prevent These Most Common OSHA Violations ASAP   Why Should I Use a Staffing Agency to Find a Job?  
 Scroll to top 
