Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pediatric Occupational Therapist 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of care providers. Spark Lifecare is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 OCCUPATIONAL THERAPIST 
Our clients are wonderful kids and youth seeking OT support in the Ottawa region. They are looking for support for support in a variety of manners from sensory processing, regulation and developing fine motor skills, to assessment and goal-oriented client centred treatment planning. Our clients have a wide range of interests and backgrounds, from building lego, to cartoons and video games, to animals and everything in between. You would be the ideal candidate if you have experience working as a Pediatric OT, enjoy working as part of a team, are committed to client centered care and passionate about changing lives. 
 HOURS 
Flexible scheduling options available; Client-dependent schedules 
 RATE OF PAY 
$70-80/hr 
 Requirements: 
Registration in good standing with the College of Occupational Therapists of Ontario (COTO) 
Valid Driver's License and access to a vehicle 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Strong interpersonal skills and proven ability to work independently as well as part of a rehabilitation team 
Ability to work with different personality types 
Computer skills (i.e. ability to work in Google with G-Suite) 
2 years experience working in Pediatric OT settings 
Experience providing OT assessment and treatment in a community setting 
Bilingualism, preferred 
Valid CPR First Aid Standard Level "C" 
A clean Criminal Record & Vulnerable Sector Search within the last 12 months 
 Why Spark? 
 Competitive compensation 
Flexible caseload and schedule 
Access to mentorship and resources to support your practice 
Supportive administrative team 
99% paperless 
 Therapy is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their wellbeing. 
 At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark University, a non-profit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering care providers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. 
 Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed care providers. As a care provider with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark, you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Whatever your age, ability, orientation, ethnicity, race, culture, religion or gender identity - you are welcome. Our community is stronger and more vibrant when it is more diverse. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
