Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 Best Online Test Scoring Jobs for Extra Cash 
 
 Bridget 
  __ January 11, 2020   
 
 94shares 
 
  Share  
  Tweet  
 Pin 
 
 Are you good with details? Would you love feeling like you're putting your education to good use? If so, one extra income opportunity that you might like is an online test scoring job. 
 Test scoring isn't one of the most common side hustle jobs, but it's a bonafide way for you to make money from home. 
 With these online test scoring jobs, you'll be asked to grade or evaluate tests, essays, and papers. 
 Depending on the company that hires you, these tests and papers may be standalone, or they might be part of larger assessments or standardized tests like the SAT or ACT. 
 Online, remote-based test scorers play an important role for many companies. For instance, while large, well-known tests like the ACT or SAT have some portions that can be graded electronically, there are other portions that need human review. These could include essays or answers written out by hand. 
 Educational companies hire qualified workers to help score these types of projects. 
 Online Test Scoring Job Specifics 
 Each company has its own specifications when it comes to worker qualifications, but in most cases, you'll need at least a Bachelor's degree. 
 As far as the availability for work goes, it can be hit or miss. If you get hired, you'll find that many of the jobs are seasonal, since most students are off or on breaks during the Christmas season and summer months. 
 You may find a company willing to hire you long-term, while others may only need workers for short contract positions. 
 Additionally, you'll want to be sure and double-check any work requirements before signing on, especially if you're a busy mom with young kids. Some of these companies may require you to be on-the-clock for specific hours during the day, which can be difficult for a stay at home mom with other responsibilities. 
 Still, this is a rewarding work from home position that’s become a favorite  side hustle  with many remote workers, so it's worth checking out. 
 How Much Does it Pay? 
 It's important to be clear that online test scoring will not bring you a full-time income. Most jobs pay anywhere from $10 - $15 per hour, which is not a high-paying work from home job. 
 Still, many people like this type of work as a source of side income. If you're trying to make any extra money from home and you like to have a couple of "eggs in your basket," this is certainly a doable side hustle. 
 One other thing to note is that you should expect a certain level of training, no matter what company you end up working with. In some cases, this training may be extensive or take several weeks. 
 Many companies pay for this training, but not all do, so that's something you may want to keep in mind as you're comparing different jobs. 
 Online Test Scoring Companies 
 Do you think you might like to earn some extra cash this way? To find legitimate online test scoring jobs, check out some of these companies. 
 Write Score 
 Write Score  is an educational company that hires work at home employees to score student responses to learning assessments. 
 There is a thorough orientation process, and you must pass a qualifying test to become a scorer. In order to work for this company, you only need to have a 2—year college degree. 
 Measurement, Inc. 
 Measurement, Inc.  offers test scoring primarily in the mathematics, science, and English language arts subject areas. With their reader/evaluator position, they hire seasonal workers to do this test scoring on a project by project bases. 
 One nice thing about this company is that they do offer paid training.  This is seasonal work, and you must have a bachelor's degree in order to apply. When you look at the job postings, you'll be looking for those jobs listed as reader/evaluator. 
 ACT 
 ACT  hires work from home "readers" to score student essays for the ACT Writing Test. This job pays $12 per hour. 
 A Bachelor's degree is required, and the company does give preference to those applicants with teaching experience. You must be a U.S. citizen or authorized to work in the U.S. 
 Educational Testing Service (ETS) 
 ETS  offers a wide variety of test scoring jobs, so the requirements for hire will be project-specific. For instance, some require a Master's degree, while other projects have no degree specifications. 
 If you look at job listings, don't get discouraged too soon just because you feel like you aren't qualified for a certain job. Remember that there is no one-size-fits-all with this company, so keep looking and you might find something else that's a good fit. 
 Pearson 
 A large established educational company that develops The College Board's SAT,  Pearson  hires online test graders to evaluate and score a variety of different types of tests. 
 Pearson lumps all of their job postings together, so you may need to do some sleuthing to find work at home positions. You should expect to need at least a bachelor's degree if you want to work with this company. 
 Creative English Solutions (CES) 
 CES  is a company that provides evaluations for English as a second language students who want to take the Testing of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) and Test of English for International Communication (TOEIC) tests. 
 Since a strong grasp of the English language is of the utmost importance, CES will only hire native English speakers with a college degree. 
 When you work with this company, they usually like you to commit to at least 10 hours per week. 
 Literably 
 Literably  isn't entirely a test scoring site, but I'm adding it here because the work is similar enough that it appeals to many people who like these online test scoring jobs. 
 When you work with Literably, you'll actually be helping students become better readers. You do this by listening to audio files of the students reading, and then typing the errors you hear. 
 There is one important thing to note before you apply with Literably. As of November 2019, they no longer hire people who live or work in the following states: California, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Montana, Nebraska, or New Jersey. 
 If you don't live in these states, you can  apply online here . 
 You may not find consistent work as an online test scorer, but it is a source of side income. If you need to make extra money, give this work at home job a try. 
 94shares 
 
  Share  
  Tweet  
 Pin 
 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 94shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
