Skip to content 
 The Winding Roads That Led Me Here 
 Burn like coal and dry like tears… 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Clippings 
 I AM THAT GIRL 
 In Conversation 
 Opinions and Editorials 
 Politics and Current Affairs 
 Reviews 
 
 Tag: careers 
 
 The Heart and Soul of Spotify: How Spotify’s Financial Policies Impact Artists - The Label 
 November 12, 2018 
 Spotify is a great way to get music to people globally either for free or at a very low-cost monthly subscription. It is also now being used as an effective social media tool in that it allows artists to gain new fans either through their own Spotify pages or via specifically curated playlists. The streaming …  More The Heart and Soul of Spotify: How Spotify’s Financial Policies Impact Artists - The Label 
 __ Leave a comment    __The Heart and Soul of Spotify: How Spotify’s Financial Policies Impact Artists - The Label 
 
 The Heart and Soul of Spotify: How Spotify’s Financial Policies Impact Artists - The Artist 
 October 24, 2018 
 Spotify is a great way to get music to people globally either for free or at a very low-cost monthly subscription. It is also now being used as an effective social media tool in that it allows artists to gain new fans either through their own Spotify pages or via specifically curated playlists. The streaming …  More The Heart and Soul of Spotify: How Spotify’s Financial Policies Impact Artists - The Artist 
 __ 1 Comment    __The Heart and Soul of Spotify: How Spotify’s Financial Policies Impact Artists - The Artist 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Copywrite Notice 
 © Emily Algar and https://thewindingroadsthatledmehere.wordpress.com 2014 - 2021. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Emily Algar and https://thewindingroadsthatledmehere.wordpress.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
