Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Companion 
 Seniors for Seniors 
 __Orangeville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Seniors for Seniors (a division of Spectrum Health Care) is a non-medical homecare agency proudly serving seniors for over 30 years. Part-time casual employment is available for retired individuals to provide companionship to seniors. 
 If you are a mature adult and reside in Orangeville, Ontario being a companion might be the role for you. If you enjoy helping seniors and are passionate about caregiving please email us your resume. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
Provides socialization, conversation and emotion reassurance to the client. 
Encourages and participates in reading, games, and other activities to promote well-being and stimulate the mind and the spirit. 
Performs light housekeeping duties including vacuuming, dusting, bathrooms, and kitchen. 
Assists clients with household tasks and mobility, if necessary. 
Provides companionship to the client in their home. 
Listens, observes, and communicates any concerns/changes in the client’s physical and/or emotional condition immediately to the Branch Manager and Client Care Coordinator. 
Regularly assesses the Client’s surroundings to ensure that clients have a safe home environment (i.e., recognize fall risks, hoarding) and reporting concerns to the Branch Manager or Client Care Coordinator. 
Assists and/or provides general exercises/activities to maintain mobility and independence as directed by the client, their family or the Client Care Coordinator at the request of the family. 
Potential light meal preparation with clean-up 
Performs errands related to client requests. 
Launders client clothes and bedding and assist in keeping personal space clean and tidy or in a private setting. 
Adheres to the safe work/risk management policies and practices of Seniors for Seniors. 
Works within the Ethical Practice Framework of Seniors for Seniors. 
Understands the range of services provided by each division of the Spectrum family and how it contributes to our model of Total Client Care. 
Continually assess, anticipate, identify and respond to new and changing needs of clients and communicates available Total Client Care resources to clients when appropriate. 
 Skills and Qualifications: 
Prior caregiving experience is an asset 
Must be retired or of retirement age. 
Warm, compassionate individuals. 
Flexible and able to converse with a wide range of individuals. 
Ability to speak other languages an asset 
Valid police vulnerable check 
 We thank all applicants; however, only those individuals selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Please note that successful applicants will require a current TB testing and current Police Reference Check suitable for working with the vulnerable sector prior to commencing employment. 
 Seniors for Seniors, a division of Spectrum Health Care is an equal opportunity employer and we will accommodate any needs under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedom, Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and the Ontario Human Rights Code. 
 Should any applicant require accommodation through the application processes, please contact the Human Resources Department at 416-964-0322 for assistance. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
