Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Knowledge Management Specialist, Tax Services 
 PwC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Line of Service 
 Tax 
 Industry/Sector 
 Not Applicable 
 Specialism 
 IFS - Brand & Communications 
 Management Level 
 Senior Associate 
 Job Description & Summary 
 A career in Knowledge Management, within Internal Firm Services, will provide you with the opportunity to play an integral part of knowledge sharing across the PwC network so that we can continually provide better service to our clients. You’ll help organise and manage various sources of information as well as provide research support for internal and external clients. 
 Important point to consider 
 Please note this is a 1 year full-time contract opportunity. 
 What you’ll create and do 
 As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to: 
 Update and maintenance of Tax knowledge content 
 Review and update existing knowledge content (ie:  guidance, documents, policy, FAQ, templates) located on Tax Source to ensure alignment with and reflection of Canadian and Global standards (ie redaction, translation, shareability etc.). 
 Build and maintain microsites as need by the Tax competency groups. 
 Organize existing knowledge content to improve accessibility and ease of user interaction. 
 Maintain knowledge content to ensure it is kept current and reflect ongoing developments (ie through leading a quarterly audit). 
 Tax Transformation Initiatives 
 Contribute ideas, leverage best practice and help lead transformation of Tax knowledge and sharing practices. 
 Develop knowledge content by liaising with various Tax competency groups and leveraging best practices in the Tax community. 
 Assisting with the development of a Tax dashboard and related metrics. 
 Working to promote the knowledge management strategy and direction from leadership and looking for best practices within the network. 
 Assist with special projects in Tax Knowledge & Research Services as required. 
 Communications 
 Prepare training materials, host training sessions and answer ad hoc questions from content/microsite owners within the practice. 
 Hold regularly scheduled content leads meeting to update on usage, roadblocks and best practices. 
 What you’ll bring to this role 
 An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work. 
 1+ years of experience working in a knowledge management role. 
 Experience in a professional services or legal firm is preferred. 
 Bachelor degree. MI, MLS or equivalent preferred. 
 Good understanding of Knowledge Management principles and best practices. 
 Experience with Sitecore, Coveo, Google applications, Microsoft applications, Sharepoint, Lotus Notes and other technical databases. 
 An understanding of the various areas/competencies within tax would be helpful. 
 Excellent written communication skills given the focus on reviewing and maintaining knowledge content. 
 Strong verbal communication skills as frequent interaction with others in Tax, functional groups and network firms is required. 
 Ability to demonstrate analytical and problem solving skills within a fast-paced environment. 
 Ability to effectively prioritize, excellent organization and administrative ability. 
 Strong relationship skills and ability to build network within Tax and global territory. 
 Why you’ll love working for PwC 
 At PwC, we support you through a range of financial and non-financial rewards and benefits. Discover a life that works for you with our diverse, inclusive and flexible culture. To learn how you can grow and shine in your career at PwC, please visit: https://www.pwc.com/ca/whypwc 
 See how you can create your future at PwC 
 https://pwc.to/2kUQFOp 
 Applying at PwC 
 At PwC, we embrace new technology where you will learn to innovate and deliver differently. For Administrative, Specialist, Associate, Senior Associate, and Manager roles you may have the opportunity to participate in an on-demand video interview. To learn more about our innovative cloud-based online application interview process click here: https://www.pwc.com/ca/applytopwc 
 Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified) 
 Degrees/Field of Study required: 
 Degrees/Field of Study preferred: 
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified) 
 Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified) 
 Travel Requirements 
 Not Specified 
 Available for Work Visa Sponsorship? 
 No 
 Government Clearance Required? 
 No 
 Job Posting End Date 
 PwC is committed to building a diverse workforce representative of the communities we serve. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
