Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Chef de Partie 
 Banff Park Lodge 
 __Alberta 
 Apply Now 
 Conveniently located in the Town of Banff, just steps away from the glacier-fed Bow River, Banff Park Lodge is a full-service Resort Hotel and Conference Centre. Here we experience the best of both worlds: the peace and solitude of a quiet location, yet quick access to a livelier scene in downtown Banff. The Banff Park Lodge has two sister properties; the Bow View Lodge and the Peaks Hotel & Suites, a new development scheduled to open early 2021. 
 If you are looking to work and ski for an amazing winter season in beautiful Banff National Park, here are some great opportunities waiting for you! 
 Full-time positions available: 
 We are currently seeking full-time permanent or seasonal (2-6 months) Chef de Parties, required to work day shifts, evening shifts, weekends and holidays with opportunities for overtime hours. The salary for this position is based on experience, 30-40 hours of work per week are guaranteed. 
 Part-time positions available: 
 We are currently seeking part-time permanent or seasonal (2-6 months) Chef de Parties, required to work day shifts, evening shifts, weekends and holidays. The salary for this position is based on experience. 
 Duties Include (but are not limited to): 
 
 Plan and direct food preparation and cooking activities for a formal hotel dining room 
 Estimate food requirements, prepare and cook meals and specialty foods including dishes for customers with food allergies or intolerances 
 Instruct cooks in preparation, garnishing and presentation of food and in new cooking techniques 
 Plan menus, ensure quality of food and portion control and create new recipes 
 Requisition food, kitchen supplies and equipment 
 Supervise cooks and kitchen staff 
 
 Ideal Candidate: 
 
 Must be legally allowed to work in Canada 
 Cook trade certification required from a recognized vocational or technical college 
 Three or more years’ experience in commercial cooking 
 Fluent in English language (orally and written, and accurate numeracy) 
 Working with others and supervising in a team environment 
 Must be bondable 
 Must possess good sense of taste, good health and stamina, excellent hand eye co-ordination, good math skills, good memory for details, and be artistic and have a creative talent 
 Must have excellent communication skills, interpersonal skills and team building skills 
 Must have excellent organizational skills and maintain a calm demeanor 
 
 Employee Incentives: 
 
 50% of transportation costs for applicants that are relocating to Banff provided 
 Complimentary hotel stay may be provided for the first two nights upon request 
 Staff accommodation is guaranteed with an immediate check-in for full-time and part-time positions; daily rent starting from $6.50-$17.00 per day 
 Great opportunities for career growth 
 Three salary increases during first year of employment; term bonus and summer bonus available 
 Friends and family rates available at our properties, F&B discounts available at The Crave Mountain Grill Restaurant and La Terrazza Dining Room & Lounge 
 Health benefits available after 8 months of employment including life insurance, dental, medical and drug coverage 
 Staff Cafe on site offering free meals; certain items available 24/7 
 Ski Pass discount and subsidy available; payroll deduction optional 
 Education reimbursement for English as a Second Language Course 
 Payroll deduction available for a local gym membership 
 Monthly staff events hosted by our very own Social Committee 
 Uniforms supplied and free cleaning available 
 Living in beautiful Banff National Park! 
 
 For those interested in this opportunity, please forward a copy of your resume to the email address provided, in-person at 222 Lynx Street, by fax to (403) 762-4740 or online at www.banffparklodge.com. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. Thank you for your interest in our company!! 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Permanent 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Discounted or free food 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
The health and safety of our employees and guests is our major continuing objective. We have developed and launched our Health Protection Plan to ensure prevention and control measures in place. 
 Experience: 
 
 commercial cooking: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Alberta (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
