__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Career Coaching 
 | 
 Cheryl D. Jordan, MCC, MS 
 "Honest, non-judgmental, dependable and focused on helping clients sustain optimum performance." 
 
 Location:  Fort Washington, Maryland 
 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Empathy 
 
 
 Laser feedback 
 
 
 Commitment to the client's growth and development
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 
 
 Improved performance appraisals 
 
 
 Enhanced interpersonal relationships skills 
 
 
 Stronger strategic thinking skills 
 
 
 Correction of behaviors that negatively impact job performance
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 
 
 "The entire coaching process with Cheryl was a life learning experience for me. It helped me to identify problem areas ; then move to correct them. Becoming a better listener; reading people; incorporating rest, proper nutrition and diet; practicing for presentations are all things that will benefit me for the rest of my life. I am no longer afraid to speak in public, make presentations, or sell my abilities..."  - Cynthia, Small Business Owner 
 
 
 "Cheryl provides me with clarity and focus. She helps to keep me on track. My practice is lucrative and I am much more comfortable taking calculated business risks. The rewards have been tremendous. Cheryl has a tremendous gift."  - Denise, Radiation Oncologist 
 
 
 "I kept having the same problems with different people and situations. I accepted that I was the common thread. My coaching program with Cheryl helped me to identify these problem areas and to make a decision to change. My interactions with people have improved tremendously as a result."  - Beverly, Project Manager 
 What are 5 strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 
 Master Certified Coach 
 
 
 Held leadership positions within a corporation 
 
 
 Ability to ask powerful questions 
 
 
 Strong listening skills 
 
 
 Skilled at creating trust
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 
 
 
 To help clients sustain optimum performance 
 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 Managers 
 
 
 Executives
 What is your professional background? 
 
 
 Certified Professional Effectiveness Coach-New Ventures West 
 
 
 Master Certified Coach-International Coach Federation 
 
 
 Doctoral candidate - Doctor of Management in Organizational Leadership 
 
 
 Worked with clients including: Fannie Mae, DC Housing Finance Agency, General Electric, Freddie Mac
 How can clients get started working with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Order Online  through our secure checkout: Click one of the Add to Cart buttons below 
 
 
 Order by Phone  : Call our ordering department toll free at 888-491-8833
 You will then be directly contacted by the head of the coaching program to select the right coach for you. 
 
 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
