Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Cash Manager - Operations and Customer Experience 
 Rona 
 __Beloeil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role: 
In collaboration with the Cash Manager , the cash supervisor sees to the proper functioning of the operations of the Department. Such as: 
Balance funds, balance the contents of the safe and prepares deposits; 
Supplies quickly cashiers cash and changes; 
Established working hours, ensure to respect the budget hours and respond adequately to the needs of the customer; 
Manages the return of goods, exchanges, refunds and guaranteed prices; 
Educates staff caisses and service loss prevention programs and implementing them; 
Manages the implementation of safety standards in the day-to-day operations of the Department; 
 Moreover, it must perform tasks related to the management of human resources. Such as: 
Participate in the recruitment of staff in his department; 
Manages, encourages and motivates its staff; 
Manages the ongoing staff for job performance and take appropriate corrective action if necessary 
Participates in performance evaluation and training of its staff and monitors; 
Works in accordance with the policies and procedures of the company's health and safety and loss prevention; 
Performs on request other related duties 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for: 
Do you have a passion for leading and developing a team? Are you analytical and a problem solver? You have what it takes to be part of our team! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
