
 About Mike Sivier 
 
 Mike Sivier's blog 
 ~ by the writer of Vox Political 
 Search: 
 Guest Blog: So, You’d Like a Job, Then? (Part One) 
 [ 
 17   Sunday  Feb 2013 
 ](https://mikesivier.wordpress.com/2013/02/17/guest-blog-so-youd-like-a-job-then-part-one/) 
 Posted  by  Mike Sivier  in  People ,  UK ,  unemployment ,  USA 
 ≈  3 Comments 
 Tags 
 benefit ,  benefits ,  car loans ,  credit rating ,  David Dennis ,  debt ,  Disregarded: The True Story of the Failure of the UK’s Work Programme ,  mike mauss ,  mortgage ,  people ,  savings ,  school ,  The Unemployed Guy’s Guide to Unemployment ,  unemployment ,  Vox Political ,  welfare 
 David Dennis  interviews American Mike Mauss on How to Survive Unemployment 
 Mike Mauss was once a successful American. Through fate, recession and bad breaks, he became unemployed. He managed to survive unemployment, however, and kept putting one foot in front of the other as he put his kids through college, paid his mortgage and continued to live his own life to the max. He wrote a great book, filled with practical advice, called  The Unemployed Guy’s Guide to Unemployment . In it, he explains where and how to look for work in this dismal economy; what works and what doesn’t; and very practical advice about how to manage with less while you strive for more. I am the author of  Disregarded: The True Story of the Failure of the UK’s Work Programme  about the unemployment situation in Britain. I wanted to interview Mike about his American-centric book and see if he had any tips that would help the British unemployed. 
 Q) Hi, Mike. I wanted to meet you to talk about your new book: The Unemployed Guy’s Guide to Unemployment. Can you tell me why you wrote this book? 
 A) That's easy. I became unemployed. For the fifth time in my career, I ended up out of work. I was hoping that a book like this would help others deal with the shock of getting fired, the stress of living without money, and the difficulty of finding a new job. That, and I thought I could make a bit of change with the book, too. 
 A new study just came out from Pew that said that one out of four people in the US has been out of work at some point in the past four years and over half know of a family member or close friend who's been unemployed. There are too many people out there who need solid advice and need it now. 
 Q) In England, we currently have an epidemic of unemployment. I, myself, wrote the inside story of unemployment centres here in the UK. The training system is based around the concept of free labour. Would you have taken part in "shelf stocking" schemes for your benefits? 
 A) Probably not. I wrote in the book that working at minimum wage is wonderful from an "I will dig ditches to support my family" point of view, but it doesn't really work. A middle class family cannot survive on minimum wage in the US – hell, a poor family can't survive on the minimum wage these days. So every day spent working for less than your "Nut" - the basic amount you need to make to keep your family going - is a day wasted. You don’t have time to look for work that actually pays the mortgage and you're just falling behind a bit less quickly. 
 Q) The problem with that method is pretty clear. So, how do you support your family whilst you search for work? 
 A) Well, I didn't direct my book at the real poor. That's a very different life and a very different set of realities. I was looking at the middle-class family where you have a mortgage, school, car loans, credit rating, maybe private schools, etc. Unemployment Insurance is pretty irrelevant in this case - it would take five weeks of UI to pay four weeks of mortgage ALONE. And that's without the government taking taxes out, which they do. I basically assume that a middle-class family can get by on savings, credit cards, home equity loans and freelance work. 
 Q) I would say that, in fact, your book is a guide for those who don't "really" need a job. It's for those who have independent means and just want to bleat about their unemployment? 
 A) No. David, no one in the US middle class can survive without a job and most families have less than four or five months’ worth of savings. But they still become unemployed so the question is, what do you do when that happens? These people aren't independently wealthy. They have been squeezed for decades by the very rich - the One Per Cent. If they get fired, it's a race between getting a new job that pays enough to keep going and the day that all their money runs out. I just give people the tricks to keep going. 
 I don't pretend to understand the problems of those under the poverty line. It would be a bit presumptuous to lecture them. I've been freelancing or basically without a “real job” for nine of the past twenty years. I don't know about poverty - but I do know about the very real problems of being middle class and without work. 
 To be continued … 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 3 thoughts on "Guest Blog: So, You’d Like a Job, Then? (Part One)" 
 
 Paul Smyth   said: 
 
 February 17, 2013 at 11:27 pm 
 Reblogged this on  The Greater Fool . 
 
 J Jackson  said: 
 
 February 18, 2013 at 12:29 pm 
 I'm interested to see if he touches upon the issue of healthcare; my dad used to work for a big US company and reported that his colleagues would do anything they were told because they were terrified of being sacked and losing that precious healthcare. My dad, meanwhile, would say what he really thought, a policy which had seen him unemployed before - but he wasn't terrified that one of his children might get sick and so could afford to have values… 
 
 maussmike   said: 
 
 February 20, 2013 at 3:46 pm 
 I spend a very large section on healthcare since it’s vitally important and, at the same time, one of the best places to cut expenses. As someone who is currently buying my own health insurance, I can tell you horror stories on horror stories about what out system does to people. I have to pay $5000 before the coverage cuts in and I’ve had doctors bill me for 4,900 when the real bill is 455. And I also have kids and my newly-married daughter said she was going to go without health insurance…I said, “it’s not insurance for YOU. I’m not about to let you die. it’s insurance for ME.” So I had to cover her for two years. 
I did a TV show on personal finance for a long time and the largest cause of poverty and bankruptcy in senior is medical bills – not that they have them but they are trying to pay them. I suggested that you have to make a moral decision whether paying a hospital in the absence of insurance will negatively affect your family’s future. I think the answer will often come down to not paying the hospital. 
 Vox Political 
 
 Vox Political 
 
 Subscribe via email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Vox Political 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Another Angry Voice 
 Ayes to the Left 
 Diary of a Benefit Scrounger 
 The Green Benches 
 The Void 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Boris Johnson's Covid-19 u-turns (Pandemic Journal: June 17) 
 Five reasons the UK death toll is so high (Pandemic Journal: June 14) 
 A checklist of Boris Johnson's failures to the end of May (Pandemic Journal: June 9) 
 Australia thought Johnson was bad BEFORE he eased lockdown (Pandemic Journal, June 1) 
 The Pandemic, 'The Plague' and the government that made it worse (Pandemic Journal, May 24) 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 
 Topics 
 
 Austerity 
 Banks 
 Bedroom Tax 
 Benefits 
 Business 
 Children 
 Comedy 
 Conservative Party 
 Corruption 
 Cost of living 
 council tax 
 Crime 
 Defence 
 Democracy 
 Disability 
 Discrimination 
 Doctor Who 
 Drugs 
 Economy 
 Education 
 Employment 
 Employment and Support Allowance 
 Environment 
 European Union 
 Flood Defence 
 Food Banks 
 Foreign Affairs 
 Fracking 
 Health 
 Housing 
 Human rights 
 Humour 
 Immigration 
 International Aid 
 Justice 
 Labour Party 
 Law 
 Liberal Democrats 
 Llandrindod Wells 
 Maternity 
 Media 
 Movies 
 Neoliberalism 
 pensions 
 People 
 Police 
 Politics 
 Poverty 
 Powys 
 Privatisation 
 Public services 
 Race 
 Railways 
 Religion 
 Roads 
 Satire 
 Scotland referendum 
 Sport 
 Tax 
 tax credits 
 Television 
 Terrorism 
 Trade Unions 
 Transport 
 UK 
 UKIP 
 Uncategorized 
 unemployment 
 Universal Credit 
 USA 
 Utility firms 
 War 
 Water 
 Workfare 
 Zero hours contracts 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
