Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PhD student 
 Ottawa Hospital Research Institute 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 PhD student positions are available in the laboratory of Dr. Xiaohui Zha at Ottawa Hospital Research Institute/University of Ottawa, Canada (http://www.ohri.ca/profile/Zha). 
 The main project is to study the mechanisms by which cholesterol regulates macrophage inflammation, a key event in atherosclerosis. Cholesterol, a major component of the plasma membrane in mammalian cells, predominantly regulates membrane physical properties. Through its modulation of cellular membranes, cholesterol impacts numerous signal transduction pathways and cellular processes. Particularly, cholesterol levels in macrophages determine the nature of the inflammation response, for example, pro- inflammatory response (M1), anti-inflammatory (M2) or anything in between. The mechanism is largely unknown. In recent years, it is increasingly apparent that macrophages can respond to environmental cues to establish an epigenetically poised state. This allows macrophages to rapidly launch a large-scale gene expression program upon stimulation (i.e. LPS). The project will use biochemistry and genomic techniques, such as RNA-sequencing and ChIP-sequencing, to understand how cholesterol establishes epigenetically poised states in the genome of the macrophages to regulate gene expression for inflammatory responses. 
 Candidates should be recent graduated undergraduates in physical science or biological science. Knowledge/experience in genomic system biology is a plus, but not necessary. If interested, please send curriculum vitae and brief statement of research interest. 
 Contract length: 60 months 
 Job Types: Full-time, Internship 
 Salary: $25,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 On-site gym 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Daily screen at the entrance of the institute. 
 Experience: 
 
 research: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
