Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Consultant, Data Analytics: Cash Flow Transformation 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The opportunity 
 EY has an established industry leading Transaction Advisory Services (TAS) Practice. We help clients determine the right deal to do, and then assist them in doing the deal right. We are a growing practice that has the resources to serve any client, anywhere in the world. With so many offerings, you will have the opportunity to develop your career in a friendly, collaborative environment through a broad scope of engagements, mentoring and formal learning. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders, and in so doing, play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities. 
 Within our TAS Practice, our Working Capital and Cash Flow Transformation team works with companies, acquirers and private equity firms, to identify value creation opportunities that exist within companies or a potential acquisition candidate to improve business process performance and release excess cash from working capital. This team is looking to grow rapidly in Canada and we are looking for talented professionals to support the growth. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 As a Consultant and Data Analyst, you’ll play a key role in supporting projects in both quantitative and qualitative analysis. You will be expected to take a lead role in managing the request, receipt, review, enrichment and analysis of big data. This will require the use of common data management tools (i.e. Alteryx, MS Access, MS SQL). You will then use visualization tools (i.e. Tableau, Power BI) to assist in the presentation of findings to the client to support the need for change. 
 With guidance from the team and support from an established methodology, you will use your data mining and analytic expertise to identify process issues and performance gaps that impact on cash flow performance across a range of finance and operations processes. 
 As part of implementing recommendations, your skills may be required to develop or support the client in development of predictive performance tools and reporting. 
 By drawing on your findings and experience, you'll provide innovative insights for clients, adapting methods and practices to fit operational recommendations, while considering both cultural and change management needs. 
 Skills required: 
Play a lead role in supporting engagement teams in assessing a business' current policies and procedures; identifying root causes that result in sub-optimal working capital position and develop recommendations to provide management to achieve identified cash flow improvements. Following assessment, continue to lead and support both the team and client in the implementation journey 
Be the lead data analysis on client projects managing the request, receipt, review, enrichment and analysis of big data. This will require the use of common data management tools (i.e. Alteryx, MS SQL, other similar) 
Prepare outputs and data visualizations to summarize analysis and data mining (i.e. Tableau, Power BI) to assist in the presentation of findings to the client 
Be able to support presentation of issues, findings and solutions in both written and oral format 
Demonstrate high levels of technical and professional knowledge and quickly assimilate new knowledge. Keep up-to-date with current developments and trends in new technologies, analytic tools, machine learning and automation technologies. 
Work effectively as a team member, sharing responsibility, providing support and coaching, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress 
Provide support, guidance and vision in improving and enhancing the team’s practice delivery methodology, including tools and approach to data analytics 
 To qualify, candidates must have: 
A bachelor's degree or Masters in Computer Science, Operations, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Statistics, Engineering or a Physical Science 
Current or recent experience with an established consulting firm or an internal data analyst or data analytics role at a corporation with 3 years of related work experience 
Data analytics experience for both reporting and visualization 
Good problem solving and interpersonal skills 
Great written and verbal communication skills 
Willingness and ability to travel, when necessary; travel is estimated at 50% but is subject to project requirements 
 Technical Skill requirements 
 You'll have knowledge and experience in several of the following areas: 
 Strong database management and analytical skills (Alteryx knowledge is a preference) and visualization skills (i.e. Tableau, Power BI are a requirement) 
Subject matter expertise in one or multiple of the following areas would be beneficial 
Supply Chain Optimization, including sales and operations planning, manufacturing operational efficiency, logistics and fulfilment 
Procurement, including supplier negotiation, supplier relationship management, category planning and vendor audits 
Finance process improvement including billing optimization, collections and dispute management and shared service optimization 
Operational cost reduction 
Process benchmarking and maturity assessments 
Business intelligence and reporting 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
