Java Developer 
 Yours #3cITy adventure awaits! 
 Apply 
 location_city 
 Tricity 
 work 
 IT 
 people_alt 
 Speaking opportunities 
 watch_later 
 Flexi hours 
 en 
 
 pl 
 
 expand_more 
 Tech Stack 
 Java 
 Python 
 Docker 
 jQuery 
 CSS3 
 One application, countless possibilities! 
 If you are a Java wizard, we are looking for you! Wondering why you should be applying? Here’s why…. you apply once and we deliver your resume to all our partners in the Tricity, who happen to be the top IT brands looking for brilliant Java Developers. 
Only one condition, you have to be passionate about writing great software and taking on the challenges of working on products used by millions of users. 
Are you ready to take your career to the next level? 
 What you will do 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 signal_cellular_4_bar 
 Develop 
 chevron_right 
 Use your legendary Java skills and be an essential player in the full software development lifecycle- from ideation and concept to design testing and deployment. You will be working on high volume, low latency applications with little or no downtime. 
 build 
 Build 
 chevron_right 
 Use your knowledge of writing robust and reliable systems to ensure a quality product that not only performs, but is secure and delivers an awesome user experience! 
 trending_up 
 Improve 
 chevron_right 
 Investigate new opportunities and emerging technologies for implementation in your solution. You can test it and share it with peers. The objective is simple - continuous improvement. 
 What we expect 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 school 
 Education 
 chevron_right 
 You have higher education in Computer Science. 
 palette 
 Skillset 
 chevron_right 
 You have excellent Java skills. 
 You’ve got proficiency in at least two of following technologies and programming languages like (but not limited to): Spring, REST, MS SQL, Databases, AWS, Jenkins, Docker, Lucene, Hibernate, Spring Boots and Python. 
 Experience in some basic front-end technologies like CSS, Jquery, Json, RON 
 Knowledge of open-source libraries, tools, and frameworks, e.g. for logging, wiring, testing and building 
 group 
 Teamwork 
 chevron_right 
 You’re a team player and understand that collaboration is a key to success. Helping others is important for you and you feel excited wherever you have a chance to share your knowledge. 
 language 
 Language skills 
 chevron_right 
 B1 level or higher. Most of the companies communicate and work in English. 
 assignment 
 Project management 
 chevron_right 
 You’re agile like a fox and you’re familiar with Agile software development methodologies like XP and Scrum. You have used Git and Jira in your work as well. 
 Perks & Benefits 
 language 
 Free language classes 
 single_bed 
 Ergonomic workplaces 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 insert_drive_file 
 Employment Contract 
 public 
 International projects 
 event 
 Sponsored participation in events and conferences 
 sync_alt 
 Relocation benefits 
 house 
 Work from home 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 person 
 Mentor programs 
 Why you would want to work and live in the Tricity 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 computer 
 One of the best working conditions in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 According to research, experts and managers declared the Tricity the third most attractive relocation destination in Poland. 
 87% of employees from the Tricity deem their working conditions and environment to be good. 61% of employees indicated the Tricity as the best place to settle in Poland. 
 monetization_on 
 Competitive salaries 
 chevron_right 
 The salaries in the Pomeranian Region are among the highest in the country. The average salary in 2018 was 5248,44 PLN, making them the fourth-highest in Poland after the Mazovian, Silesian and Lower Silesian regions. This is particularly significant as the cost of living is low and the standard of living in Tricity is higher than other places. 
 call_made 
 Growing job market 
 chevron_right 
 More and more opportunities in diverse job positions have opened up because of a large number of investments in the Pomeranian Region. The level of unemployment is very low (2,3% in Tricity vs. 5,8% in Poland), hence the constant need for talented individuals to fuel the growth. 
 tag_faces 
 Happiest place in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 Life in the Pomeranian Region is the perfect balance between the possibilities of big cities and the peace and quiet offered by small towns. This is why the locals tend to be happier and more relaxed. 
73,7% of people consider themselves happy or very happy with life in the Pomeranian Region, which makes us the happiest region Poland! 
86% of people believe that the quality of life in the Tricity is good, and, we are not the only ones saying it. A recent survey done by Numbeo on quality of life vs cost of living ranked the Tricity as the 33 best city in Europe and 88 in the world! 
 nature_people 
 Nature. Everywhere. 
 chevron_right 
 If you love nature, then you are going to love the Tricity for the sheer abundance of nature. 
From forests with great hiking trails to hills to climb to sand dunes to breathtaking beaches to skiing slopes, the Tricity has it all! 
 If you want, you can even venture out of the Tricity and make your way to Kaszubia and enjoy the amazing Kashubian Lake District with breathtaking lakes that lie 149 to 216 metres above sea level. 
 local_movies 
 There is always something to do 
 chevron_right 
 Come hail or high water, you’ll always be spoiled for choice for things to do in the Tricity. 
A diverse and vibrant community (please change it to We got connection to the right places 
The Tricity is one of the best-connected cities in Europe in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it’s history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 map 
 We are connected! 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity has excellent connections to the rest of Europe and beyond in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
 We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it's history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 supervised_user_circle 
 A diverse and vibrant community 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity is fast becoming a melting pot of culture. A recent survey shows us that the city speaks more than 34 languages! A vibrant mix of various nationalities ensures that you can learn from a variety of cultures, meet people from across the world and of course, taste some truly international flavors! 
 Discover Pomerania 
 Join us! 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Phone number 
 I accept  Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy  of Live more. Pomerania 
 I agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of service 
 Apply 
