JVA's Nonprofit Street 
 Covering community and social change, and innovation 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 [ Boomers job board ](https://jvaconsulting.wordpress.com/free-baby-boomers-job-board/) 
 About JVA Consulting 
 Our bloggers 
 
 <- Ask Amber: How to write a nonprofit resume 
 Denver Rescue Mission thinks outside the box for latest fundraiser -> 
 A tribute to Steve Jobs, extraordinary change agent 
 Posted on  October 6, 2011  by  jvaconsulting 
 
 Vintage Macs in JVA's lobby (laptop from the early '90s and desktop from 1987) 
 By Janine Vanderburg, President/CEO JVA Consulting 
 I am iMourning today. 
 I bought my first Mac in 1984, after six weeks of taking a DOS class and after becoming convinced that the world of technology would pass me by. Within half an hour of buying the Mac, it was plugged in and I was typing away, totally enamored with the simplicity of seeing my ideas form into words on a screen in beautiful fonts. I became a fan and evangelist, in love with Apple, a love affair that never cooled. The kind of evangelist who encouraged friends, family members and clients to buy Apple, who secretly relished the scorn by the Windows crowd, and who as recently as a week ago Wednesday when waiting at my gate at Denver International Airport gushed to my husband:  Look! Everyone has Macs! and iPhones! 
 The first grant proposal that I wrote—the proposal that really launched what would become JVA Consulting—was written on a Mac SE. As were scores of other proposals, strategic, business and fundraising plans on progressively greater Macs, including my first (tiny and heavy!) gray laptop. Eventually, as JVA moved out of my home and into the house on Highlands Square (at the same time that original iMacs were released), our office glowed with each employee's variegated color computer. An early JVA employee handbook had this advice for new employees: 
 My passion for all things Apple was in part the technology, and in part the Steve Jobs vision—every person would have a personal computer. When first expressed, that vision sounded as foolish to most as many of the visions of the social innovators I get to work with every day, visions like: 
 
 Hunger will be ended in Colorado 
 Every person will have access to high quality health care 
 A totally revitalized community where formerly low-income people have jobs rebuilding homes will be established on a site where others only see weeds and abandoned buildings 
 
 Those are the visions that drive me, and why I love what I do. Successful change agents understand that nothing of significance has ever been accomplished without a grand vision and bold goals, that nothing ever changed as a result of "realistic" goals that call for only incremental improvements and tweaks. 
 In the last two months,  critics emerged who criticized Steve Jobs  for what they termed his lack of philanthropy and giving to nonprofits. Others suggested that perhaps he was an anonymous donor. And both camps really missed the point.  Fundraising and nonprofits are not the end, they are a means to an end. And the end is community and social change.  From the time that Apple announced the Mac through the  infamous 1984 SuperBowl ad , to the Think Different Posters (a collection of which are hung in JVA's training room) to the most recent iPhone and iPad products, Steve Jobs signaled that change was what Apple was about. __ His vision democratized how information could be disseminated, shared, co-created, used. ** _ 
_** 
 Like many great social innovators I've had the privilege to work with, his work was his driving force. From this speech at the  2005 Stanford commencement , are terrific guiding principles for all of us trying to make our corners of the universe a better place: 
 Your time is limited, so don 't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. 
 I can't think of a more important message for the people I know who walk on Nonprofit Street. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Commentary ,  Social innovators  and tagged  Apple ,  Janine Vanderburg ,  JVA Consulting ,  Mac ,  Nonprofit Street ,  Steve Jobs ,  Steve Jobs philanthropy ,  Steve Jobs Stanford commencement speech ,  Super Bowl ad . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Ask Amber: How to write a nonprofit resume 
 Denver Rescue Mission thinks outside the box for latest fundraiser -> 
 2 Responses to  A tribute to Steve Jobs, extraordinary change  agent 
 
 Osei May says: 
 
  November 7, 2011 at 8:03 am 
 Hi, Janine. This is a great celebratory read of a remarkable innovator and his relation to the non-profit wold and your work. Personally, I can't say enough about his work and legacy. His patents (number and quality) and products are unrivaled. His leadership, once mistrusted, is now greatly respected and his life story is undeniably, inspiring. I agree. We can all learn a few things from his example and admire transferable principles from his passion and work. Thanks for posting this piece and honoring a great change agent of our time. 
 Reply 
 
 Pingback:  The view from Nonprofit Street in 2011—our top-rated posts | JVA's Nonprofit Street 
 
 JVA welcomes your comments and feedback on all Nonprofit Street articles. While JVA will post all relevant comments, it will not post comments that are advertising products or services or those with obscenities. Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 [](http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/jvaconsulting?ref=ts" target="_blank">http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/jvaconsulting?ref=ts) 
 
 
 
 
 
 JVA 411 
 
 
 Interested in  funding opportunities  ,  training opportunities  and  news in the sector ? Click  here  to subscribe to  JVA 411—our free, weekly e-newsletter . 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Advice I'm Thankful for This Thanksgiving: Ask Amber 
 Holiday philanthropy on a young professional's budget: Ask Amber 
 National Philanthropy Day: Painless ways to celebrate 
 Cover letters that get noticed: Ask Amber 
 Professional portfolios—building and using: Ask Amber 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Advice I'm Thankful for This Thanksgiving: Ask Amber 
 Holiday philanthropy on a young professional's budget: Ask Amber 
 National Philanthropy Day: Painless ways to celebrate 
 Cover letters that get noticed: Ask Amber 
 Professional portfolios—building and using: Ask Amber 
 Socially conscious Halloween: Ask Amber 
 Fun and creative ways to thank your donors: Ask Amber 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Accountability/transparency   Books and articles you want to read   Boomers   College graduates and nonprofits   Commentary   Community   Economy   Education   Executive director training   Favorite clients   Foundation news   Fundraising   Generations   Gen Xers   Grantwriting   Health   Human resources   Issues   Jobs/economic development   Millenials   News you can use   Online fundraising   Philanthropy   Social enterprise   Social Enterprise Shopping   Social innovators   Social media   Training Opportunities   Trends   Volunteerism/civic engagement 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 38 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 March 2008 
 February 2008 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  JVA's Nonprofit Street  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
