Mrt'sblog 
 Film, football, fiction. And politics. Reviews and other random stuff 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Mrt'sblog and Me 
 Contact 
 Football 
 Politics 
 Reviews 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Oddjob 
 Chitty Chitty Bang Bang: going, going gone? 
 Posted on  May 11, 2011  |  Leave a comment 
 The only Chitty Chitty Bang Bang capable of getting you to the shops is to be sold by a Holywood memorabilia company. Unlike the vehicle from the film it won’t let you fly to Tesco in style for your groceries, and the amount of room in the eccentric interior is questionable, but you could, in theory, chug along slowly to anywhere you like in a piece of cinematic history. 
 Of all the cars associated with the fictional creations of Ian Fleming, James Bond’s Bentleys or Aston Martins, or even Goldfinger’s gold plated Rolls Royce, are more likely to tempt your casual film fan. But for some who love Chitty as if she were a childhood friend or those who swoon over Dick Van Dyke in Diagnosis Murder, there might be no better slice of the past than this unique auction piece. A reporter for the BBC’s Breakfast programme got the chance to take the Chitty for a test drive and was quick to praise Van Dyke for making it all look so easy, whilst simultaneously singing along to that catchy and memorable theme tune. 
 The version up for sale was assembled in England prior to production of the 1968 film, but it has a Ford V6 engine and automatic gearbox. Various salvaged parts and splashes of colour adorn the car and its wood panelling, helping to create its famously happy image. Van Dyke’s portrayal of the slightly bonkers inventor and the other performances did the rest. 
 The charismatic producer behind the Bond films, Albert “Cubby” Broccoli, was responsible for bringing Fleming’s children book to life on the big screen. Roald Dahl, the architect of so many characters in the collective conscience of childhood, wrote the script, with the Sherman Brothers supplying the songs. 
 In an interview with the New York Times, Pierre Picton, who doubled for Van Dyke during shooting and owner of the available Chitty ever since, admitted that the car suffered from heavy steering now and again. But he had faith that this wouldn’t damage his hopes for a “retirement nest egg”. He said he was missing her already. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Tagged  007 ,  1968 ,  Albert ,  Aston ,  auction ,  Auric ,  authetic ,  automatic ,  Barbara ,  BBC ,  Bentley ,  big screen ,  Bill ,  Bond ,  bonkers ,  book ,  Breakfast ,  Broccoli ,  brothers ,  catchy ,  children ,  childrens ,  cinematic ,  classic ,  Collinson ,  colour ,  Cubby ,  Dahl ,  dancing ,  Diagnosis ,  dick ,  double ,  drive ,  driver ,  Dyke ,  eccentric ,  egg ,  engine ,  England ,  EON ,  film ,  Fleming ,  Flickering Myth ,  Ford ,  fortune ,  fun ,  Gary ,  gearbox ,  Gold ,  Goldfinger ,  happy ,  heavy ,  Henshaw ,  history ,  Hollywood ,  horn ,  house ,  Ian ,  iconic ,  interior ,  inventor ,  James ,  journalist ,  Ken ,  legacy ,  mad ,  Martin ,  Mary ,  melody ,  memorable ,  Money ,  movie ,  murder ,  musical ,  nest ,  New York ,  news ,  Oddjob ,  parts ,  Peter ,  Picton ,  Pierre ,  plated ,  Poppins ,  productions ,  reporter ,  retirement ,  road going ,  Roald ,  Rolls ,  Royce ,  salvaged ,  sell ,  Sherman ,  Sian ,  singing ,  songs ,  steering ,  story ,  Tesco ,  theme ,  Times ,  trend ,  tune ,  Turnbull ,  Twitter ,  V6 ,  Van ,  weird ,  wood panelling 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 360 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Search Mrt'sblog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archive 
 
 
 Archive Select Month November 2012  (1) August 2012  (1) April 2012  (7) March 2012  (2) February 2012  (4) January 2012  (5) December 2011  (1) November 2011  (4) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (4) August 2011  (17) July 2011  (18) June 2011  (34) May 2011  (45) April 2011  (13) March 2011  (15) February 2011  (20) January 2011  (19) December 2010  (7) November 2010  (18) October 2010  (13) September 2010  (17) August 2010  (9) July 2010  (4) June 2010  (5) March 2010  (1) February 2010  (7) 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Blog Critics  A great source of news, opinions and reviews. I am a registered contributor to the TV/film, books and politics sections 
 CaughtOffside  The Best Football Site Around – with occassional contributions from yours truly 
 Demo Critic  An interesting, impartial site providing an outlet for political opinion, containing numerous articles from little old me 
 Empire Magazine  The latest movie news before you can say "shit the bed" 
 Flickering Myth  An excellent movie blog containing reviews, opinion and articles and regular contributions from myself 
 The Dark of the Matinee  A fantastic movie blog full of reviews and spot on opinion 
 The Guardian  Quite simply the best source of news and opinion out there 
 The Incredible Suit  Evil mastermind behind BlogalongaBond and destroyer of crap films 
 TomCat in the Red Room  The home of superb and funny book reviews. The place to go for a good read 
 UltraCulture  A scathingly accurate take on the cinema's latest releases that always brings a smile to my face 
 Whereareyoutony Youtube  Videos created by me in ancient times 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
