Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SESSIONAL LECTURER - GENTECH 4MB3 - FUNDAMENTALS OF MARKETING 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 There are 2 lecture sections available in this posting (3 unit course) 
 This course introduces the 4Ps of marketing:  product, price, promotion, and place with a Business-to-Business focus. Global and high technology markets and their unique challenges will be presented. Students will learn to make marketing decisions within a strategic framework. 
 Department:  W Booth School of Engineering Practice and Technology 
 Term:  2 
 Course Code:  GENTECH 4MB3 
 # of Units:  3 each section 
 Course Name:  FUNDAMENTALS OF MARKETING 
 C01 Th 6:30 - 9:30pm 
C02 Tu 2:30 - 4:20 pm/ Th 10:30 - 11:20am 
 Stipend:  $8,100 each section 
 This course is delivered in an online format 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
