
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Linkedin 
 
 Call us now: (470) 268-5802 
 
 
 Home 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 Legal Mediators 
 Back and Neck Injuries 
 Catastrophic Accidents 
 Construction Accidents 
 Death Claims 
 Head and Brain Injuries 
 Lost Income Benefits 
 Medical Benefits 
 On The Job Slip & Fall 
 Psychological Injuries 
 Repetitive Trauma Injuries / CTS 
 Spinal Cord Injuries 
 
 
 About 
 
 The Firm 
 
 
 Our Team 
 News 
 Get in touch 
 Search 
 Menu 
 
 "Over 35 Years Experience Handling Georgia Workers’ Compensation Claims" 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 Catastrophic Accidents 
 On The Job Slip & Fall 
 Construction Accidents 
 Death Claims 
 Spine Injuries 
 Back & Neck Injuries 
 Head & Brain Injuries 
 Psychological Injuries 
 Lost Income Benefits 
 Medical Benefits 
 Atlanta On The Job Slip & Fall Attorney 
 Atlanta On The Job Slip & Fall Lawyer 
 How Workers comp Attorneys assistance with At Work SLIP & FALL 
 Falling or slipping in the office can dramatically have an impact on your skill to operate, especially if you were damaged. Fall or slip accidents can also have a psychological influence on you that may last well after your physical injuries have healed. Many employees that have experienced any sort of accident in the office can be depressed or lose their confidence. This informative article explains how workers comp attorneys help with at work, slip & fall. 
 Hiring a Atlanta on the job slip & fall lawyer 
 Employing a workers comp lawyer in Atlanta can have many benefits if you have recently experienced an accident or just fell at the job. For instance, you could have slipped or fallen caused by a failure by your employer to adhere to the proper security precautions. In some cases, employees have fallen as a result of negligence from a co-worker. You're likely to be entitled to workers comp payments no matter the nature of the slip or fall, unless you were ingesting alcohol or drugs during the time of the accident. 
 We can help you have the compensation benefits that you will be entitled to after an accident has occurred at the workplace, particularly if your employer is slow to reply to your claim for employee benefits or damages. Based in Georgia, we have helped people like you get back on their feet after a trauma has occurred at work in Atlanta, and can present you with the support and financial assistance which you will want. 
 How our   Atlanta on the job slip & fall lawyer   can help 
 When an employee experiences any sort of accident at the office, they won't know who to go to - especially when they experience a loss of income because of time required to recoup from other injury. This is why we appear in Atlanta. We know the legal process in Georgia and may successfully pursue your claim for compensation. Our firm in employee compensation and benefits, and supply you with all of the assistance you need during all the process. We pride ourselves on providing the highest standards of client support, which enable us to begin dealing with your claim as soon as you contact us. 
 We can visit you at your house or hospital room and discuss your claim in further detail. When you have experienced a slip or fall in the officein Atlanta and want further information on how workmans compensation attorneys help with on the job, slip & fall, make sure you  call us today. 
 
 Glenn Bobe and Jeff Snell 
 Having over 25 years experience in handling Alpharetta Workers Compensation claims. Over those 25 years, Bobe & Snell have represented both insurance companies, uninsured employers, and injured workers. Winning large settlements for clients so they can live a normal life. 
 Our Practice 
 Our firm experts specialize in workers' compensation, motor vehicle accidents, and dealing with a multitude of injuries that can happen in the workplace. Find out more below on how we can help you. 
 Bobe & Snell, LLC are experts in workers' compensation law and are located in Alpharetta, GA. Other areas we cover include: Atlanta, Sandy Springs, Roswell, Alpharetta, John's Creek, Milton, Woodstock, Canton, Acworth, Marietta, Cumming, Lawrenceville, Duluth, Fulton County, Forsyth County, Cherokee County, Gwinnett County, Cobb County, Dekalb County 
 Atlanta On The Job Slip & Fall Lawyer 
 Bobe & Snell LLC | Attorneys of Law | 1095 Powers Pl, Alpharetta, GA 30009 
Phone: +1 470-268-5802 | Fax: +1 470-268-5803 | Email:  Use form here. 
 Bobe & Snell, LLC are experts in workers’ compensation law and are located in Alpharetta, GA. Other areas we cover include: Atlanta, Sandy Springs, Roswell, Alpharetta, John’s Creek, Milton, Woodstock, Canton, Acworth, Marietta, Cumming, Lawrenceville, Duluth, Gainesville, Winder, Commerce, Athens, Dalton, Rome, Cartersville, Smyrna, Lavonia, Hartwell, Gainesville, Jasper, Dawsonville, Cleveland, Commerce, Jefferson, Winder Kennesaw, Fulton County, Forsyth County, Cherokee County, Gwinnett County, Cobb County, Dekalb County. Hall, Barrow Hart, Franklin, Dawson, Lumpkin, & Jackson Counties 
 Bobe & Snell LLC 
 © Copyright - Bobe & Snell Law Office LLC Workers Compensation Lawyer GA 1095 Powers Pl, Alpharetta, GA 30009 
 By reading the foregoing information and using this website you agree to the following: This foregoing is informational only; Nothing herein constitutes or is intended to constitute legal advice of any kind. Your use of the information herein does not create an attorney-client relationship. Never rely on any information presented herein without directly contacting and communicating with Law Offices of Bobe & Snell. Anyone with a suspected claim should communicate directly with competent counsel, including competent counsel affiliated with other firms. 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Linkedin 
 
 
 Terms of Use 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Disclaimer 
 
 
 Linking Policy 
 
 
 Log-in 
 
 
 Scroll to top 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 
 OKLearn More 
 Cookie and Privacy Settings 
 How we use cookies 
 We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
 Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. 
 Essential Website Cookies 
 These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. 
 Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. 
 Google Analytics Cookies 
 These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience. 
 If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: 
 Click to enable/disable google analytics tracking. 
 Other external services 
 We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. 
 Google Webfont Settings: 
 Click to enable/disable google webfonts. 
 Google Map Settings: 
 Click to enable/disable google maps. 
 Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: 
 Click to enable/disable video embeds. 
