
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 BCFA Letter Campaign: Text JOBS to send Premier forestry message 
 December 18, 2020 
 By: The Working Forest Staff 
 CAMPBELL RIVER, BC FORESTRY ALLIANCE—The BC Forestry Alliance (BCFA) is announcing that their letter campaign to the Premier has begun quite strongly and it is now offering text options for supporters. BCFA board member and spokesperson Carl Sweet announced the texting option today. 
 Sweet states that “texting the word JOBS to 250-999-2983 will allow hundreds of B.C. residents to send a firm but positive message to Premier John Horgan to save forestry jobs” "Anyone living in British Columbia who benefits from forestry can make a difference in less than 60 seconds using the text technique to access our letter tool” said Sweet. "We implore all forestry people in the province to take this action. The price of inaction is just too high." 
 The letter directed at the Premier promotes the positive impacts of the forestry sector and the role that forestry could play in the Province’s economic recovery from covid if given a positive regulatory environment. The letter sent by forestry sector supporters has 5 ‘asks’ of the Premier: 
 
 Create a dedicated working forest land base we know will be there creating generations of good jobs. 
 Honour the BC NDP government’s pledge of no moratorium on mature forests and ensure there is no further reduction/erosion of the working forest land base. 
 During the current crisis, take no actions that impair the livelihoods of B.C. residents. 
 Have substantive dialogue with First Nations working towards forestry-based stability for their communities. 
 Include small rural communities who depend on forestry in meaningful conversations about any forest management. 
 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Name (required) 
 Mail (will not be published) (required) 
 Website 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
