Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Journeyman Ford Technician 
 Island Ford 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Island Ford Superstore is located in the warmland of Vancouver Island. The Cowichan Valley offers temperate climates not only compared to the rest of Canada but even compared to other cities on Vancouver Island. Between Nanaimo and Victoria, you can enjoy a work-life balance, scenic back roads, and small-town living without being too far away from a city center. When you’re not out enjoying the majestic island, enjoy where you work. At Island Ford, we are guided by three main principles: Passionate, Committed, and Empowered. Joining our team means you are joining a group of people who are passionate about what they do every day. We are also committed to delivering the best possible customer service. And finally, feel empowered working for a company that believes in you. Locally owned and operated, we take pride in investing in our employees to help them reach their dreams, and with the backing of a larger auto group advancement opportunities across the country are available for the right individuals. Currently, we are looking for a Ford Certified Red Seal Mechanic to join the team. 
 About the role: 
 Diagnose the problem, follow the steps to fix it, become a superhero in the customer’s eyes. As a Journeyman technician, you have seen it all, and either know how to fix the problem or what steps to figure out and fix the problem. When you fix it right the first time, and sooner than expected, that’s what makes you a superhero in our customers’ eyes. If you are ready to get your hands dirty in a Ford dealership that sees everything from Ford Fiestas and Fusion Hybrids to Roush Mustangs and F-150’s, we want to hear from you. 
 Processes you’ll be Committed to following 
 
 Interacting with all customers and coworkers with the utmost respect 
 Following all company policies and procedures including the code of conduct 
 Adhering to all policies, procedures, and guidelines established by Ford Motor Company 
 Efficiently and effectively diagnosing and repairing vehicles 
 Taking steps to maintain Island Ford’s status as the top-rated Ford Dealer in BC 
 Following processes and procedures to develop excellence, daily 
 Delivering results above or consistent with company standards 
 Advise customers on work performed and any next steps they should take in language they understand 
 Maintaining a safe work area 
 *This list is not comprehensive 
 
 We’ll Empower you with training, and you will bring to the table 
 
 Valid Red Seal Automotive Service Technician 
 Valid Class 5 BC Driver’s License 
 Ability to drive manual transmission vehicles 
 Organizational skills 
 Time Management skills 
 Exceptional communication skills 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
 Willingness to work as part of a team, however, 
 Motivation, dedication, and focus to get the job done without direct supervision 
 
 Benefits you’ll be Passionate about 
 
 Continuous Training from experts in the business 
 A competitive compensation plan 
 Extended health and dental 
 A 10% employer-based pension contribution plan 
 Flexible scheduling, with guaranteed 36 hours per week 
 Paid vacation 
 
 Please email your resume and cover letter to our Service Manager outlining what makes you stand out. Island Ford is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applications will be held in strict confidence.  Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.   Candidates must be legally entitled to work in Canada. 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 Dental care 
 Vacation & paid time off 
 Life insurance 
 Disability insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Company events & social hours 
 Bonus scheme 
 Flexible working hours 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $62,000.00 to $85,000.00 /year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Vision care 
 Extended health care 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent, Apprenticeship 
 Salary: $62,000.00-$100,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Technician: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
