Skip to content 
 
 Movies That Matter on Tour Leiden 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Lively movie screenings and debate on a monthly basis 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Vacancy 
 Contact 
 
 Vacancy 
 The Q&A's after the Movies That Matter-screenings in Leiden are organized by a small team of volunteers. 
 If you are interested in politics, society and cinema  and  enjoy organizing an interesting event/debate for our visitors, you might consider joining the team! 
 Who are we looking for? Well, someone: 
 
 with enough knowledge about human rights or politics to be able to find suitable guests for the Q&A (after consulting the internet). 
 
 You are not left to your own device. The Amsterdam-office of Movies That Matter supports with Fact Sheets, containing possible candidates. However, these are written in Dutch. Also, sometimes we start organizing in advance. Another source of support are suggestions by team members. 
 
 with enough grit to  dare  call possible guests by phone (if necessary). 
 who can sometimes call guests  at working hours  - if only in between regular jobactivities. 
 willing to assist - or very eager and primarily interested - in the promotion of our screenings (via social media, mail, flyers). 
 
 Our 'working method': 
 
 Each team member previews the movie/documentary online. 
 Next we meet at somebody's place or at a cafe - or online - and discuss the topic(s) on which we want to focus the discussion afterwards. 
 This discussion gives a clue about what type of expert(s) we want to invite. Sometimes we prefer a guest to give a short introduction before the screening. 
 
 Given the short time for the Q&A (30 minutes) one or two guests is the maximum. 
 
 We divide tasks: who is going to search for experts, invite experts? Who is going to look for and book a knowledgeable moderator? Who is doing the PR/marketing this time? 
 
 It's not necessary to be actively involved each month. But we prefer that team members participate in the preview and discussion about the focus of the Q&A and possible experts/guests each month. 
 If you participate in booking experts and (sometimes) a moderator an extra investment of about 3 hours may be required. 
 If you volunteer to moderate a discussion (and are qualified to do so), another investment is required, as preparation obviously is needed. 
 You can also apply if you would only like to promote our screenings. In that case we still want you to participate in the discussion about the preferred focus of Q&A and possible guests/experts, as this helps you promote the event, apart from being fun and worthwhile in itself. 
 We screen the movies with English subtitles (unless the spoken language is English). Also the Q&A is in English and our meetings (unless no expat or international student is in our team). 
 Interested? Please send an email with motivation to  moviesthatmatterleiden@gmail.com . 
 _May 2017: Q &A after the screening of _Raving Iran 
 Dit delen: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Search for: 
 Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
