Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Chemistry/Biology Laboratory Technician – Multidisciplinary Engineering lab 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for a passionate individual that can work on manufacturing and testing our proprietary antimicrobial substrates. Additionally, this person is expected to help with the efficiency, performance, documentation and maintenance of our laboratory. The candidate will be working in a dynamic environment with highly motivated and dedicated research scientists, graduate students and engineers and will be communicating with the team members on a regular basis. 
 Required Degree and Experience: 
 The candidate should hold a Bachelors or Masters degree in Engineering (Bioengineering, Chemical engineering, Materials engineering or similar) or Sciences (Chemistry, Biochemistry, Health sciences or similar). 
 The applicant must have experience with performing biological assay and/or bacterial pathogenic or mammalian cell culture. Experience in working with viruses is a plus. 
 A minimum of one-year experience in a wet lab is required. Any prior lab management and research coordination experience will be a plus. 
 Job Description and qualifications 
 · Responsible for manufacturing proprietary surfaces and documentation of SOPs and results 
 · Responsible for performing bacterial and viral titration assays 
 · Responsible for carrying out a diverse range of work activities; ensure all duties and responsibilities are prioritized and handled with accuracy and efficiency providing quality results 
 · Demonstrate knowledge of biological assays, chemical handling, sample preparation, running and maintaining several laboratory equipment. Expertise with Biofilm charactrization is a plus. 
 · Responsible for reagent and chemical and laboratory equipment ordering and restocking 
 · Maintain a clean, safe and orderly work environment 
 · Laboratory environment: may handle biohazardous materials and chemicals/reagents 
 · Ensure biohazardous handled in compliance with university procedures 
 · Self-motivated and willing to accept temporary responsibilities outside of initial job description 
 · The candidate must have proven ability to be highly productive and dedicated in a high pace work environment with excellent attention to details and meticulous bench work 
 · Strong verbal and written communication skills are required 
 · Competency in computer skills and familiarity with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
 · Prior knowledge about working in BSL2+ laboratories and responsibility for maintaining these laboratories would be a plus 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Personal Protective Equipment, routine disinfection, and social distancing are implemented in our labs to mitigate the risk of COVID-19 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
