 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Sales Associate 
 Irving, TX - Part-Time 
 Description 
 Join the loudest store in the mall! We're looking for music and pop culture fanatics to help create the best experience for our customers. As a Hot Topic Sales Associate, you'll be a huge part of our success by providing the best customer service, ensuring that fellow fans are able to get their hands on the Merch they love. You'll share your fandom knowledge, stock and replenish product, and help merchandise the store in a visually appealing way, all while being hyper focused on the in-store experience. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Provide an amazing shopping experience that will encourage customers to return. They'll be impressed by your product knowledge, customer experience skills and use of the Force 
 Cover the sales floor zone and ensure that assigned areas are up to visual standards 
 Work the register; you'll process sales transactions and use your fandom knowledge to drive add on sales 
 Assist with planogram changes including store map, wall, fixture, & merchandising mix 
 Let your voice be heard! You'll communicate fashion & music trend information to management and respective HQ partners 
 While we welcome wizards, we don't like it when spells are stolen. You'll work with Store Management to ensure there's no misuse of spells and wizardry around theft 
 Support the maintenance of the mother ship; you'll help keep the stock room organized and the store tidy 
 Any other activities as assigned by your Store Leader 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 Previous experience working in a retail environment. If you love music and pop culture, you're in the right place! 
 Superpowers in providing customer service and selling 
 You'll have to be at least 16 years of age to join the fandom force 
 Avenger like collaboration and communication skills 
 The usual retail stuff: able to stand and walk around during scheduled hours, reaching for Merch using ladder, step stool and poles. You'll also have to be able to move around boxes awesome merchandise that may weigh up to 50 pounds 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from Hot Topic, Inc. to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at Hot Topic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Product Development 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
