 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 All HQ & DC 
 Open Positions 
 Search job openings 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Product Development 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
