WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 UI/UX Artist 
 Hipster Whale Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 4, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 ** This position has been closed. 
** 
Hipster Whale is seeking a talented and experienced UI / UX Artist to join our team. This is a full time role. Ideally, you’ll be Melbourne based and already hold a visa allowing you to work in Australia. We’ll consider a remote position for the right candidate if you’re willing to be available for crossover with Australian business hours.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Work with the team to define functionality and usability requirements 
 Mock-up wireframes & concepts to illustrate design solutions with the team 
 Create clear and appealing UI graphic assets 
 Test and iterate upon design implementation 
 Contribute to improving the overall game experience  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Proven experience in a similar role, ideally in the games industry 
 A portfolio which showcases a healthy balance of form vs. function 
 A solid understanding of flow and UX 
 Strong graphic design skills 
 Experience working in a team environment, with strong communication skills 
 Able to incorporate constructive feedback and take/give direction well 
 Strong Adobe Suite skills 
 Working knowledge of Unity 
 
 ‍ 
 WORK CULTURE 
 We offer flexible working conditions, a lovely light-filled office right near Flinders Street Station (don’t worry, we also have blinds if darkness is more your thing), and training and development opportunities. Team happiness and fulfillment is essential for our business to be successful, and we know that means a respectful work/life balance. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage diverse applications. 
 If you can tick most of the requirements for a role but not all,  please do contact us . We are always interested to see candidates who could grow into an advertised role. Don't let the list of attributes scare you off if you feel a role is really you. 
 ‍ 
 HOW TO APPLY 
 Please email us at  jobs@hipsterwhale.com  with [Name – UI Artist] in the subject line. 
 The email should include: 
 
 A cover letter explaining your suitability for the role 
 Your location & visa status 
 Your CV containing a link to your portfolio 
 Link to a specific piece of your work that you would like to highlight as relevant to this role 
 
 We will do our best to respond individually to all applicants. We really look forward to seeing your work! 
 Applications close Tuesday, 12 January 2021. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ABOUT HIPSTER WHALE  ‍ 
 Hipster Whale is an entirely independent Melbourne based studio, founded in 2014. Hipster Whale’s first release,  Crossy Road   ,  was a viral success and has been downloaded hundreds of millions of times. Hipster Whale continues to make bright and funny games with broad appeal. 
 Hipster Whale released  PAC-MAN 256  with Bandai Namco in 2015,  Disney Crossy Road  in 2016 with Disney,  Piffle  in 2018 with Mighty Games, and most recently  Crossy Road Castle  in 2020. 
 ‍ 
 OUR LATEST RELEASE - CROSSY ROAD CASTLE 
 Bring your friends and see how far you can get in this endless spinning tower of arcade fun! Keep climbing as high as you can. Every run is different. 
‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Impossible  is hiring a Environment Artistto join their team into work fromCanadaEnvironment ArtistImpossible  | CanadaLearn More 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
