Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Position for Pulmonary Physician specializing in Cystic Fibrosis, Division of Pulmonary Medicine 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Medicine 
Competition No. - A100640222 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Medicine in partnership with Alberta Health Services invites applications for a Pulmonary Physician specializing in Adult Cystic Fibrosis to be based at the University of Alberta Hospital. Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The University is currently home to more than 38,000 students with more than 15,000 faculty and staff. 
 The Division provides a wide range of clinical programs in Pulmonary Medicine and Allergy. Division members have dedicated asthma, COPD, bronchiectasis, interstitial lung disease and pleural effusion clinics in addition to subspecialty services that include Tuberculosis, Adult Cystic Fibrosis, Sleep Disorders, Pulmonary Hypertension and Interventional Pulmonary Medicine. 
 Division members also care for the second largest Lung Transplant program in Canada and offer the full range of clinical support for advanced respiratory care. 
 The Division is affiliated with the Alberta Respiratory Centre and has PhD and MD members involved in various areas of research in lung and airway diseases (https://www.ualberta.ca/department-of-medicine/divisions/pulmonary-medicine/publications). 
 Key accountabilities of the Respiratory/Cystic Fibrosis Physician will include, but will not be limited to: 
 Participating in the Division’s clinical roster (including inpatient ward, consultation, and bronchoscopy services), participating in the University of Alberta’s Cystic Fibrosis Program and associated duties (outpatient clinics, inpatient service, etc.) and general pulmonary medicine ambulatory clinic, teaching learners at the undergraduate, residency, and/or subspecialty trainee levels, supporting clinical research/innovation work within the division. This academic position will have a clear focus on clinical and translational research in Cystic Fibrosis. Therefore, a keen research interest in cystic fibrosis and pulmonary medicine is expected. 
 The successful candidate will be an MD (or equivalent) with certification in Respirology with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada, be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA) and have interest clinical and research in Cystic Fibrosis. The possession of a PhD or MSc and specific clinical/research training in Cystic Fibrosis are highly desirable. 
 The successful applicant will be offered a contingent tenured or tenure-track appointment in the Department of Medicine, University of Alberta, which is in accordance with the University of Alberta Faculty Agreement, and offers a comprehensive benefits package. 
 Remuneration for this position is based on the Academic Medicine & Health Services Program (AMHSP). Salary will be commensurate with education and experience. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online a letter of intent and curriculum vitae outlining their education, qualifications, experience, research interests, along with three letters of reference. 
 FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: 
Dr. Giovanni Ferrara 
 Director, Division of Pulmonary Medicine 
 CSB 3-134, 11304-83 Avenue, Edmonton, AB T6G 2G3 
 E-mail:  ferrara@ualberta.ca 
 Applications will begin being reviewed on two weeks from posting; however, the competition will remain open until the position is filled. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca. 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The University of Alberta and Alberta Health Services are committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
