Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Patient Support Assistant (CUPE), ICU - Part Time - Markham site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
As an integral member in the ICU, the patient support assistant will work in partnership with the interdisciplinary team to provide patient care. The focus is on quality and patient/family centred care with a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction. 
 The responsibilities include assisting the patients with the basic activities of daily living, e.g. bathing, nutrition, positioning and ambulation. In addition, you will be responsible for non-patient care support duties including stocking treatment areas and carts, maintaining linen supplies and the cleanliness of the patient rooms (for admission and discharge), utility rooms, nursing station, tub and shower rooms and patient care equipment. As an effective team member you will utilize your strong communication skills and be actively involved in quality management initiatives. 
 Physical Demands: 
Frequent moderate and heavy exertion (e.g. pushing stretchers, wheelchairs, etc.) 
Lifting over 60 lbs. 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate will be required to work 12 hour shifts on days, and nights (0730-1930; 1930-0730). She/he must also be available to work weekends and holidays. Please note schedules may change due to operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
$21.94 - $24.29 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Must have personal support worker (PSW) certification provided by a facility approved by the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities or the National Association of Career Colleges (NACC) with a minimum of 600 hours of clinical and practicum completed. 
Previous ICU experience is preferred 
Current BCLS certification is required 
Excellent English reading, writing, speaking, comprehension and clinical skills 
Proficient computer and documentation skills 
Knowledge of universal precautions and medical terminology an asset 
Strong customer service, interpersonal and written and verbal communication skills 
Demonstrated ability to work well independently and as part of an interprofessional team 
Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize workload 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital Corporation takes pride in creating an inclusive and diverse workforce which represents the community we serve. We are dedicated to ensuring you feel respected and welcomed whether you are a patient, caregiver, visitor, community member, volunteer or employee. Our commitment to create an ‘honoured to care’ culture is an expression of our humble and compassionate attitude. Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
