
 
  Home  
 
 
  About  
 
 
  Events  
 
 
  Testimonials  
 
  Career Seekers   
  Business Owners   
  Individuals   
 
 
 
  BLOG  
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Book a Consultation  
 
 
  Home  
 
 
  About  
 
 
  Events  
 
 
  Testimonials  
 
  Career Seekers   
  Business Owners   
  Individuals   
 
 
 
  BLOG  
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Book a Consultation  
 
 
   
 ﻿news & updates 
 9 different job leads for you from entry level all the way up to $75-$95k a year job 
 9/26/2018 
  0 Comments  
 Greetings! 
 I've got various job leads for you right off the press that could be of interest for you or someone you know (at the bottom of each job, I listed the price if you were to hire me for a resume and cover letter or just resume for each position). Please note: each position varies for the resume and cover letter price. 
 
 Non-Profit Controller 
Job #7717 
Location: 
Silverdale 
Wages: $75-95,000/yr 
Hours: Full Time 
 
 A Silverdale nonprofit organization seeks a Controller 
for their growing facility. Their organization has complex program offerings and diverse funding sources, including state, federal, grants, and independent stakeholders. With a heavy emphasis on reporting, this role requires a narrow focus on the finance function. Knowledge and understanding of federal, state and grant requirements, as well as previous non-profit audit experience for this role, are critical. 
This is an extraordinary opportunity for a mature leader with five or more years of accounting and finance experience, ideally beginning in accounting and audit, followed by experience gathering, evaluating, presenting and reporting financial information to executive leaders and external stakeholders. She or he will ideally have experience in a complex nonprofit that has multiple programs. 
This Controller position might be for you if you have… 
At minimum, a Bachelor's Degree required and are preferably a certified CPA 
5+ years total experience in accounting with consistent advancement 
3+ years' experience working as a controller 
A proven track record of building and developing strong teams 
A proven track record of identifying and successfully implementing process improvements, leading through change, process improvement and ability to scale processes 
A proven track record of implementing and maintaining a strong internal controls environment and reliable and efficient processes 
Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
And solid GAAP and financial reporting technical skills 
 West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 For the non-profit controller position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $258.95 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $208.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Temporary Administrative Assistant 
Job #7727 
Location: 
Tacoma 
Wages: $15.00/hr 
Hours: M-F, 8:00 am - 5:00 pm 
The Tacoma-Pierce County Health Department seeks a Temporary Administrative Assistant 
with exceptional attention to detail. As a Temporary Administrative Assistant, you would start immediately for approximately 6 weeks, depending on the project. This project requires accurate data entry and a basic understanding of Medicaid, healthcare forms, proficiency using Access databases, excellent research skills, accountability, the ability to work autonomously, great interpersonal skills and a kind and caring attitude. 
This Temporary Administrative Assistant position might be for you if… 
You have proven experience as an Administrative Assistant, preferably in a medical office 
You have an understanding of Medicaid forms, documentation, and requirements 
You have empathy and understanding of families with children with special medical needs 
You have the knowledge and experience working with data bases, especially Access 
You can understand the need for maintaining confidentiality with sensitive, personal medical information 
You can start right away 
 
 West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 For the temporary administrative position (they are looking to hire 2 people) if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $150 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $98.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Project Accountant 
Job #7706 
Location: 
Poulsbo 
Wages: $18-27.00/hr 
Hours: Part Time 
A locally owned and operated company specializing in automated manufacturing solutions is seeking a Project Accountant to join their team. This opportunity is with a cutting edge- new company who is poised for growth. The ultimate candidate will be comfortable in a team-centric business environment where everyone pitches in and lends a hand where needed. This position will start with a flexible part time schedule and eventually transition into a full time role. 
To qualify for this position you MUST have: 
High school diploma or equivalent 
Associates or Bachelor's degree in Accounting or related field preferred 
2+ years of progressive experience in a relevant field 
Basic knowledge of GAAP 
Proficient with computer spreadsheet packages and Quickbooks software 
Strong communication skills both verbal and written, including the ability to convey complex financial issues to non-financial users 
Excellent organizational skills, time management and customer service skills 
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail 
Billing/Accounts Receivable experience in the professional service industry preferred 
As a Project Accountant, you'll be responsible for: 
Maintaining project-related records, including contracts and change orders 
Authorizing the transfer of expenses into and out of project-related accounts 
Reviewing and entering supplier invoices and time sheets for work related to a project 
Reviewing and entering overhead charges to be applied to a project 
Investigating project variances and submit variance reports to management 
Conferring with receivables staff regarding unpaid contract billings 
Reporting on project profitability, the remaining funding available, and any opportunities for additional billings 
Responding to requests for more detail from customers 
Closing out project accounts upon project completion 
Compiling information for internal and external auditors, as required 
Physical Requirements and Environment: Office environment. Must be able to sit for long periods of time. May occasionally be required to lift up to 25 pounds. 
West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. 
West Sound Workforce is an Equal Opportunity Employer! To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 
 For the project accountant position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $196.45 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $153.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Virtual Receptionist 
Job #7710 
Location: 
Kitsap County 
Wages: $12.50-$18.00/hr 
Hours: M-F, 10:00 am-7:00 pm 
A continuing education company that offers education to Tax Preparers, Enrolled Agents, and CPA's is searching for a Virtual Receptionist to work from home. Bilingual Spanish proficiency is a plus, but not required. You will need to be available to work consistently from 10:00 am to 7:00 pm. 
Though this a remote position, there is the occasional need to be available to report to the Bainbridge Island, Washington location so local applicants only, please. 
To qualify for this position you MUST have: 
A high school diploma or its equivalent 
The ability to communicate clearly 
A courteous, professional, and helpful attitude toward the public 
Excellent communication and organizational skills 
Reliable internet connection and quiet workspace at home 
Previous remote experience 
Advancement opportunities are available and depend on the employees' computer skills, work habits, and work experience. 
As a Virtual Receptionist, you'll be responsible for: 
Answering phones and taking orders 
Grading online exams and entering them into the State system 
Proofreading our exams 
Making outbound calls as needed 
Other tasks as assigned 
Physical Requirements and Environment: Office environment. Must be able to sit for long periods of time. May occasionally be required to lift up to 25 pounds. 
West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. 
West Sound Workforce is an Equal Opportunity Employer! To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 
 For the project accountant position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $196.45 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $153.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Senior Graphic Designer for the State of Washington 
Salary 
$42,060.00 - $52,536.00 Annually 
Location 
Pierce County - Tacoma, WA 
Job Type 
Full Time - Permanent 
Department 
Washington State Historical Society 
Job Number 
2018-09501 
Closing 
10/8/2018 3:00 PM Pacific 
DESCRIPTION 
BENEFITS 
Description 
The Washington State Historical Society is a non-profit 501(c)3. The Society is also recognized in statute (RCW 27.34) as a trustee agency of the state of Washington with enumerated powers. 
 
 Founded in 1891 and now into its second century of service, the Washington State Historical Society is dedicated to collecting, preserving, and vividly presenting Washington's rich and storied history. The Historical Society offers a variety of services to researchers, historians, scholars, and lifelong learners across Washington, as well as operating the State History Research Center and the Washington State History Museum. 
 The Senior Graphic Designer position supports the Washington State Historical Society's (WSHS) mission of "partnering with our communities to explore how history connects us all" through design, production and other tasks related to print and digital marketing and communications materials for WSHS. The senior designer will collaborate with staff in all agency departments, with partner organizations, and with vendors and contractors to develop materials needed to tell the story of Washington's history and to support ongoing programs/initiatives of WSHS. 
 The graphic designer's work will provide excellent digital and print communications to share the agency's work with communities across Washington and beyond. This position reports to the Director of Marketing and Communications. 
 Duties 
1. Design, production, coordination, distribution and post production tasks for the Society's quarterly journal COLUMBIA - The Magazine of Northwest History and quarterly Explore It printed events calendar. 
Tasks include: 
 Work proactively with the COLUMBIA Editor to design and produce the quarterly journal COLUMBIA, The Magazine of Northwest History and Explore It, and review progress weekly with MarCom director. 
Develop a schedule for COLUMBIA magazine to ensure each issue is designed, produced, and mailed to meet established delivery dates. 
In collaboration with the editor and other agency staff, identify and gather all the content elements for each issue of COLUMBIA. This includes reading articles and researching to source, obtain rights and purchase images. 
Gather print-ready paid ads (usually PDFs) and Design in-house ads to include in COLUMBIA. 
Assist in proofreading and follow Chicago Manual of Style; follow up on style questions with editor. 
Manage production process with print vendor including scheduling, uploading files, reviewing proof, press check. 
Explore It: Gather content from agency staff, design, source images, review, proof, upload to print vendor, coordinate with mail house. 
Pay invoices and track project budgets 
Assist in maintaining a style guide for COLUMBIA and for agency publications. 
Post production tasks include preparing PDF files, uploading to website, transmitting to EBSCO (the magazine), archiving endnotes and footnotes. 
 2. Graphic design, production, distribution of print and digital materials related to museum exhibitions, special events, and other agency needs. This position collaborates with the agency's partners on shared projects, and other duties related to the mission of WSHS. 
Tasks include: 
 Developing identities for museum exhibitions and other agency initiatives, designing banners, brochures, presentations, posters, handouts, rack cards, and digital graphics for website/social, advertisements (print and digital). 
Provide design support for exhibition panels and other graphic elements in collaboration with the exhibits production team. 
Identifying vendors for production of print materials, managing vendor contracts, and delivering files in requested formats to vendors to support timely production. 
Initiating purchase requests, processing invoices. 
Proactively communicate and coordinate with other agency staff, vendors, and partners on an ongoing basis and as needed to gather information, images, and cost estimates, to define and review projects, and meet deadlines. 
Collaborate with partners by sharing graphics files, obtaining graphics files, participating in meetings and phone calls and other means of collaboration and planning. 
 3. Support marketing and communications by updating the agency's website, designing and producing digital e-news and e-blasts, and supporting social media as needed. Other graphic design, marketing and communication tasks as needed. 
Tasks include: 
 May include some or all: Website updates, designing/writing/sending enews and eblasts, photography, video recording and production, social media content development and posts, distributing flyers/posters and other printed materials throughout museum and potentially outside museum. 
4. Organize and manage WSHS marketing digital assets including promotional images, exhibition promotional images, stock photography, b-roll, etc. Source and size images for distribution in social media, e-blasts, and other communications. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
Minimum five years demonstrated experience in professional graphic design. 
Experience in designing and producing multi-page publications, magazines or journals. 
Bachelor's degree or certification in graphic design, publication design, or another art/design/marketing related field. 
Software proficiency: Adobe Creative Suite, expert level required; Microsoft Word, expert level required; Font Suitcase, Excel and other Microsoft Office, strong experience required. 
Demonstrated experience with Constant Contact, Mail Chimp or other email service. 
Demonstrated experience with WordPress or comparable web CMS. 
 Interviews are anticipated to occur the week of October 8th. 
 Washington State Historical Society is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity/expression, marital status, race, creed, color, national origin, religion or beliefs, political affiliation, military status, honorably discharged veteran, Vietnam Era, recently separated or other protected veteran status, the presence of any sensory, mental, physical disability or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability, equal pay or genetic information. Persons requiring accommodation in the application process or this job announcement in an alternative format may contact the Human Resources Office at (253) 798-5901. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call through Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6384. 
 For the senior graphic design position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $258.95 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $208.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 PostNet located right next to the Fred Meyer located at: 17404 Meridian East Puyallup, WA 98375 is a place that you can ship, mail, notarize things, make copies, and hire for graphic design work (they sell some greeting cards, padded envelopes as well) is hiring for a customer service representative which is responsible for assisting customers with all store services and products, operate the point-of-sale- system, copiers, printers, rental computers, and other store equipment, and other duties as assigned. In addition, we pride ourselves on our exceptional customer service. Therefore, a PostNet representative is expected to treat customers with personable, efficient, and professional service. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Previous customer service or sales experience in a retail environment 
Exceptional customer service skills, willing to go above and beyond 
Ability to translate customer requirements into final products or services 
Assist in handling customer complaints and problems in a professional manner 
Multitasking- must have the ability to simultaneously process multiple tasks 
Effective verbal and written communication skills 
Strong attention to detail 
Outstanding time management and organizational skills 
High school diploma or equivalent required 
Valid driver's license required 
Proficient with Microsoft applications, Windows operating system, & other computer hardware and software 
Ability to work flexible hours 
Some supervisory skills preferred 
Notary Public certification maybe required 
A self-starter, able to take iniative 
Adaptable, eager to learn and apply new and changing policies as instructed. 
 Duties & Responsibilities: 
 Customer Service 
 Assist customers with shipping and packaging services, printing estimates/orders, and other services offered by PostNet 
Assist customers with their product and service needs in person, through e-mail, and by phone 
Process customer sales through the point-of-sale system 
Up-sell, cross sell, and actively participate in PostNet marketing and promotional initiatives 
Open and close the store and cash register and store systems 
Assist management in maintaining, ordering, and stocking inventory 
Maintain the store consistent with established standards and maintenance upkeep 
Politely interact with UPS, FedEx, and USPS couriers, other vendors and all store staff 
Sort and deposit mail in private mailboxes, and that incoming packages are properly tagged and distributed 
Accurately store out-going packages by carrier, as well as maintain by re-stacking as needed. 
 Requirements: 
 You are 18 years of age or older 
You have graduated from high school or hold a GED 
You have no schedule limitations and am willing to work any day or time scheduled 
You have previous retail experience or other customer service experience 
You are comfortable using a computer and can type well 
You can spell with accuracy 
You work well under pressure and can perform more than one task at a time 
You are willing to commit to working at PostNet for at least one year 
You are willing to work in a smoke-free environment 
You are willing to take a drug-screening test prior to employment 
 If you're interested, I have the application that Ramey (the store manager) handed to me when I mentioned I knew people working for work. The position starts at minimum wage ($11.50 an hour in Washington State). 
 For the customer service representative position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $150 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $98.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Accounting Assistant 
Job #7689 
Location: Tacoma 
Wages: $18-23/hr DOE 
Hours: M-F, 8am-5pm 
A well-established, industrial manufacturing company in Tacoma is seeking an experienced Accounting Assistant with a strong understanding of accounting practices and principles to provide full-spectrum assistance with accounts receivable, payable and payroll, as well as become proficient with the company's fully integrated ERP accounting system. This company offers an excellent compensation package includes medical, dental, vision, 401K, life, vacation and sick leave. 
 This company is a Non Smoking environment. 
To qualify for this position you MUST have: 
Associates Degree in Accounting, a Bachelors Degree is preferred 
2+ years experience in accounting with AR and AP 
Experience utilizing a fully integrated ERP accounting system 
Working knowledge of MS Office specifically advanced Excel 
A manufacturing background or experience with PO's and inventory would be helpful 
As an Accounting Assistant, you'll be responsible for: 
Assist with AR/AP, invoicing, customer account management and collections 
Maintain contract progress payment reports and assist with cash receipts planning 
Participate in sub-ledger data entry and coding of AP invoices, AR invoices, and cash receipts and filing 
Assist with general ledger reconciliations 
Serve as a back-up for payroll processing 
Perform other ad-hoc duties as assigned in an effort to accomplish the organization's mission 
Physical Requirements and Environment: Office environment. Must be able to sit for long periods of time. May occasionally be required to lift up to 20 pounds. 
West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. 
West Sound Workforce is an Equal Opportunity Employer! To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 
 For the project accountant position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $196.45 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $153.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Property Audit Accountant 
Job #7663 
Location: 
Bainbridge Island 
Wages: $60-80,000/yr 
Hours: Full Time 
 
 A Bainbridge Island real estate investment company needs a Property Audit Accountant to support the Director of Finance in carrying out the responsibilities of the Accounting/Finance Department by working with residential, commercial and investor teams to ensure all accounting transactions are entered correctly. 
To qualify for this position you MUST have: 
A Bachelor's degree in accounting or business 
3+ years GAAP & Great Plains accounting & reporting software system experience 
Experience in a multi-state company preferred 
Experience in managing and administering records retention policies and procedures preferred 
Must be highly skilled in the use of Excel spreadsheets 
Must have very good verbal & written communication skills 
As a Property Audit Accountant, you'll be responsible for: 
Maintaining and enforcing accounting and internal controls 
Recommending improvements to policies and procedures to improve efficiencies in accounting processes 
Reviewing, editing, and reconciling the monthly property management GL detail in Excel for importing to the Accounting System 
Communicating & reconciling monthly reports and corrections to the property manager 
Importing and posting property management detail into accounting system using the integration manager 
Preparing journal entries for regular accrual transactions and reconciling financial discrepancies 
Assisting with maintaining support schedules and ledgers for accounting transactions 
Providing training for new employees in finance processes; expense report submission, credit card statement processing, and A/P invoice approval 
Maintaining and managing records retention schedules, policies, procedures and data destruction 
Physical Requirements and Environment: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. This job involves approximately 75% sitting, 25% moving. Must be able to lift up to 10 lbs. 
West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. 
West Sound Workforce is an Equal Opportunity Employer! To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 For the property audit accountaint position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $258.95 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $208.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 
 Social Media / HR Assistant 
Job #7693 
Location: 
Poulsbo 
Wages: $17-22.00/hr 
Hours: Full Time 
A Poulsbo business is seeking a strong Social Media wiz that thrives in a team environment. The ideal candidate takes their responsibilities seriously, and always considers the customer in their decisions. A big bonus if you have some recruiting and/or HR experience to support the team in social media and administrative efforts. 
To qualify for this position you MUST have: 
2+ years experience creating engaging social media content 
Intermediate or higher computer skills including MS Office 
Intermediate or higher skills with HTML, ATS (preferably iCIMS) and HRIS applications 
The ability to maintain a high level of confidentiality, take direction and carry out department tasks 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills (including spelling and grammar) 
You are accurate, detail-oriented and highly organized 
You can adjust to frequent interruptions, problem solve and resolve conflict 
A team player attitude and a positive role model and are great at building relationships 
The ability to demonstrate self-discipline, excellent work ethic, and accountability 
As a Social Media / HR Assistant, you'll be responsible for: 
Assisting in the creation, curation, and management of all content for Hiring social media platforms 
Aligning with company core values and brand to create social media strategy and execution processes 
Providing back-up to Hiring Coordinators in full life cycle staffing from posting jobs to new hire on-boarding 
Crafting recruiting emails to attract passive candidates 
Reviewing jobs page for accessibility 
Providing administrative support to the HR Team, which includes filing and data entry 
Responding to HR queries from external and internal customers 
Maintaining employee data in the HRIS system and medical/personnel record retention 
Processing separation notices and sending an exit survey to department managers 
Assisting in creating and updating forms and documents utilized by HR 
Maintaining the HR section on the Company Portal 
Physical Requirements and Environment: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. This job involves approximately 75% sitting, 25% moving. Must be able to lift up to 10 lbs. 
West Sound Workforce is the premier staffing service for the West Puget Sound. With our strategic job placements, employee benefits package, and services that are free to every applicant, West Sound Workforce is your best resource for finding the perfect position. 
West Sound Workforce has established relationships with top local businesses, ensuring that we offer the best temporary, direct hire, and temp-to-hire positions in the region. 
West Sound Workforce is an Equal Opportunity Employer! To see what other great opportunities are available, please visit our website at https://www.westsoundworkforce.com 
 
 For the project accountant position if you hired me for a resume and cover letter for this position, it'd be $196.45 and just for the resume itself for this position would be $153.95. This includes TWO sets of edits prior to the final resume and prior to the final cover letter in that price. 
 Please know that you have to jump on hiring me for these jobs as some of these positions are due next week (longer time is better) to allow for time for me to get your existing resume and cover letter, draft up questions to create a brand new resume and cover letter, allow for time for you to answer the questions and then allow for time for the two sets of edits prior to the final product. 
 Please note that you have to allow up to 2 business days for in-state snail mail and cards are accepted with a 4% processing fee (no processing fees for paying cash, check, or money order). 
 If you are interested, reply back to this email immediately or contact me on my phone number below. We can agree on a deadline, figure out how you will pay, draft up an agreement which will serve as your receipt and outline our working together, have you review sign, arrange payment, and then get started. 
‌ 
‌ 
 Please be sure to pass this email onto your networks, colleagues, family, friends, etc. Thank you! 
 Thank you! 
 Carly Calabrese 
Career Coach/Professional Marketer/Writer/LinkedIn Consultant 
Cell: 360 981-7463 
Work Solutions - "Serving businesses, career seekers, individuals, and freelance opportunities." 
Visit: www.worksolutionstoday.com 
"When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve," Napoleon Hill 
 ​ 
 
  0 Comments  
 Your comment will be posted after it is approved. 
 Leave a Reply. 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Archives 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 July 2018 
 May 2018 
 March 2017 
 November 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 November 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 ---|---|--- 
  RSS Feed  
 Home  -  About  -  Events  -  Testimonials  -  Contact  -  Blog 
**Email: info@worksolutionstoday.com | **Cell: 360 981-7463​ **** 
 Copyright 2018  Work Solutions 
