
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Mail 
 
 
 Ask us we help 
 
 
 Cart 
 
 
  Deutsch German de 
 
 
  English English en 
 
 
  Türkçe Turkish tr 
 
 
 +49 (0)9404 6439050 
 
 0Shopping Cart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EN-ICAO LPT 
 DE-ICAO LPT 
 Latest Infos 
 Turkish Airlines 
 Preparation 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 
 How to become a pilot? - Basic requirements to start a pilot career.   
 22. October 2018/in  Uncategorized  /by  admin 
 Always having been curious of  how to become a pilot?  Our experts at Vimana will give you an insight about the possibilities and requirements needed on path into the cockpit, you should bring along.. 
 Basic requirements 
 Prospect pilots should fulfil the following characteristics such as:  Reliability, honesty, punctuality, accuracy  , as well as  prudence . 
A number of softskills and social competence, should also be in your repertory for your later occupation. Among  team spirit  ,  assertiveness  and  critical faculties  you should be a  responsible  and  rule conscious person . 
 Furthermore the job requires a certain  fitness  and  stamina . This has to be approved by a special aeromedical examination, usually carried out by an aviation physician. 
Applicants who feel normal and healthy enough and don’t suffer from severe illness should have no problem to receive the medical certificate. 
However, sadly, even a tiny red / green visual impairment could exclude the applicant from a pilot career. 
To start the apprenticeship as a pilot, a leaving cert is sufficient. Almost every Airline however nowadays require a high school degree. 
You can identify yourself with these points? Congratulations, basically you’re suitable for the job as a pilot. 
Every Airline has their own requirements on top of it for their candidates. 
It is advisable to get close information from the website of your favourite Airline. 
 The next step is to find a suitable training program. 
Relevant information you will find in the blog “ways into the cockpit, options and requirements”. 
 Find your suitable training offer for a perfect preparation with Vimana 
 
 
 
 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.vimana-gmbh.de/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/Vimana_Header_4-scaled.jpg 776 1920 admin https://www.vimana-gmbh.de/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/VIMANA_logo_weiss-300x89-300x89.png admin2018-10-22 14:45:332019-02-01 14:06:36How to become a pilot? - Basic requirements to start a pilot career. 
 © Copyright - Vimana GmbH 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Mail 
 
 
 Ask us we help 
 
 
 Imprint 
 
 
 Privacy Statement 
 
 
 AGB 
 
 
 Widerruf 
 
 
  Important terms and definitions   Selection criteria on interpersonal education at Eurowings on the European Flight...  
 Scroll to top 
