
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 RESEARCH FELLOW 
 University of Michigan - Ann Arbor 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 RESEARCH FELLOW 
 University of Michigan - Ann Arbor 
 [](mailto:?subject=RESEARCH%20FELLOW&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14144296/research-fellow/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 25, 2020 
 Location: 
 Ann Arbor, Michigan 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 To apply to this position upload in a single PDF document the following materials 1) cover letter 2) CV, 3) a two-page statement of previous research experience and of future research interest in the Galban lab, 4) a reprint of two representative publications and 5) at least three references including contact information. Reference letters will be requested only for highly qualified candidates. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. 
 The Department of Radiology at Michigan Medicine of the University of Michigan has an immediate opening at the postdoctoral level for individuals interested in the development and application of advanced image-based analytical techniques in the field of thoracic radiology. Our group has a long history of algorithmic development of translatable MRI and CT-based biomarkers for disease phenotyping and prediction of therapeutic response and survival. The mission of our group is to fully exploit the spatial and function information within clinical imaging data with the goal of advancing personalized medicine, both in terms of optimizing disease management, and tailoring treatment to the individual patient. On-going projects include, topological feature extraction for improved COPD subtyping, optimized radiation planning to minimize lung injury in lung cancer patients, and improve detection of deployment related small airways disease in post-combat military personnel. These studies are performed in a multi-disciplinary environment which include scientists, physicians, statisticians and engineers, as well as large clinical trials and industrial partners. We seek individuals with the motivation and initiative to expand the successes of the group. The position is fully funded for 2 years with visa assistance available for international applicants. 
 
 Ideal candidate will have a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Bioengineering, Biomedical Engineering, Biomedical Informatics or a related discipline. 
 Strong communication skills in written and verbal English are required. 
 Experience in research topics including signal / image processing & analysis, computer vision, pattern recognition & machine learning, and algorithm design and software development is required. 
 Experience with Deep Learning for medical imaging applications is desired. 
 Proficiency in one of more programming languages, especially C++, Python, MATLAB, and R. 
 Familiarity with Linux and image processing and analysis skills highly desired. 
 Demonstrated record of high quality publications is desired. 
 Qualified candidates should be self-motivated and possess the ability to work independently and collaboratively. 
 
 We are seeking a dynamic individual with a demonstrated track record of technical innovation, scientific excellence, and participation in multi-disciplinary team projects. Excellent written and oral communication skills are required for success in our collaborative research environment. The applicant must be ambitious, talented, and self-motivated with an interest in leveraging our research interests, as this position emphasizes the ability to learn new concepts and skills quickly. The candidate should have demonstrated expertise with state-of-the-art computational methods and their application to imaging data. The candidate will be involved in contributing towards developing manuscripts for publication and needs to present research results within/outside UM. A PhD is required. 
 One-year postdoc with option to renew. 
 Michigan Medicine conducts background screening and pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background screenings. Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Report Act. Pre-employment drug testing applies to all selected candidates, including new or additional faculty and staff appointments, as well as transfers from other U-M campuses. 
 This job may be removed from the job board and filled at any time. 
 The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 191734 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About University of Michigan - Ann Arbor 
 A great university is made so by its faculty and staff, and Michigan is recognized as one of the best universities to work for in the country. The Michigan culture is known for engaging faculty and staff in all facets of the university to create a workplace that is vibrant and stimulating.For two consecutive years, the Chronicle of Higher Education has placed U-M in its "Great Colleges to Work For" survey. In particular, the university earns high marks for strong relations between faculty and administrators, a collaborative system of governance, strong pay and benefits, and a healthy work/life balance. 
 Connections working at University of Michigan - Ann Arbor 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Quantum Technologies Postdoctoral Fellow 
 __  Waterloo, Ontario, Canada 
 
 
 
 
 Quantum Valley Ideas Lab 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Postdoctoral positions in Biomedical Optics 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Optical Micromechanics Lab -Wellman Center at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hosp 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Machine Vision/Image Analysis) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
