Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 barista - Store# 55459, 389 YONGE STREET 
 Starbucks 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee but that also brought a feeling of connection. We are known for developing extraordinary partners who share this passion and are guided by their service to others. 
 Our Baristas personally connect with, laugh with and uplift the lives of our customers. Their work goes beyond handcrafting a perfectly made beverage; it’s about creating a human connection with every customer. They enjoy being able to achieve these aspirations autonomously, while representing a world class brand and the perks that come from being a partner at Starbucks! We have part time and full time opportunities in our retail stores. 
 Are you ready to? 
 Be part of something bigger 
 Deliver legendary customer service 
 Start your career in retail 
 This job is for YOU, if you have: 
Ability to create a genuine moment of connection with our customers - making a difference in their day by discovering and responding to customer needs through clear and pleasant communication 
Willingness to learn - using a mix of online learning, classroom training and hands on mentorship you’ll learn how to prepare food and beverages to standard recipes or customized for customers, including recipe changes such as temperature, quantity of ingredients or substituted ingredients. 
Availability to work flexible hours that may include early mornings, evenings, weekends, nights and/or holidays 
Openness to getting the job done and helping your team in a dynamic retail environment. 
 NOTE:  No previous experience required 
 Some of the Perks from working at Starbucks 
 Comprehensive training (including coffee knowledge!) 
Coffee or Tea “Markout” is a pound of coffee or box of tea or Kcups each week 
Discounts with local and national retailers (cell phones, gym memberships, entertainment tickets, hotels, etc.) 
Flexible work schedules (20hrs. week/ Can flex with school schedules) 
Tuition reimbursement 
Medical, Dental, and Vision for part-time employees 
RRSP Matching and Stock options for all Partners 
Employee discounts on food, beverages, and merchandise 
Great long term career opportunities in management 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
