Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-Time Cashier - Healthcare 
 Aramark 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview: 
At Aramark Canada, our people are important to us. Our 14,000+ team members coast to coast; deliver experiences that enrich and nourish thousands of lives every day through innovative services in food, facilities and uniforms. To show our employees how much we appreciate their efforts, we do everything we can to make sure they feel included, supported and encouraged. Aramark Canada proudly partners with world class post-secondary institutions, world renowned hospitals, major league sports venues and leading global businesses. As part of a global team that spans 19 countries and has over 200,000 team members; we strive to achieve a safe, diverse and inclusive workforce that our employees can be proud of. 
 Learn more at www.aramark.ca 
 Description: 
Cashier—Part-Time, Casual 
 Scarborough Health Network—Scarborough, ON 
 Aramark Canada at Scarborough Health Network is seeking a part-time cashier to join our Food Services team. The Part-Time Cashier is responsible for accurately processing retail merchandise transactions, maintaining the balance of the cash drawer, and providing customer service to guests of the location. 
 Shift Schedules:  6:30 am to 2:00 pm, Monday to Friday. Preference will be given to applicants that are flexible/available to work during the weekdays and weekends. 
 Assigned duties include: 
Process customer payments by operating a register and handling cash and credit card transactions. 
Greet and assists customers while anticipating their needs. 
Count, organize, and balance cash drawer; fill out the cashier slip; and make deposits. 
Adheres to cash handling policies and procedures. 
Ensures security of company assets. 
Maintains excellent customer service and a positive attitude towards guests, customers, clients, co-workers, etc. 
Managing the servery which includes but is not limited to coffee/tea/bakery station, replenishment of confectionary products, and replenishing products in the Express cooler 
Making sure there is sufficient supply of coffee bags as well as filling the bakery station when baked goods are brought out. 
Provide the manager with information on what is needed for the weekly order from our suppliers. 
Maintaining cleanliness of the work station. 
Other duties and tasks as assigned by manager. 
 Qualifications: 
Previous customer service experience preferred. 
Previous cash handling experience preferred. 
Basic math and counting skills required. 
Demonstrates interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal. 
Must be able to work independently with limited supervision. 
Requires occasional lifting, carrying, pushing, pulling of up to 25 lbs. 
Must be available to work flexible hours including evening and weekends. 
 The finalist candidate for this position will need to complete and successfully pass a Criminal Background Check and a Vulnerable Sector Screening (if the operations we service require this). If hired for this position, your continued employment with us would be conditional upon Aramark being satisfied that you have successfully cleared both these pre-conditions. 
 ACL123 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
