Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mortgage Operations Specialist 
 QuadReal 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 About QuadReal 
 Headquartered in Vancouver, Canada, QuadReal Property Group is a global real estate investment, operating and development company. QuadReal manages the real estate and mortgage programs of British Columbia Investment Management Corporation (BCI), one of Canada’s largest asset managers with a $153.4 billion portfolio. 
 QuadReal manages a $37.6 billion portfolio spanning 23 Global Cities across 17 countries. The company seeks to deliver strong investment returns while creating sustainable environments that bring value to the people and communities it serves. Now and for generations to come. 
 QuadReal:  Excellence lives here. 
 www.quadreal.com 
 Reporting to a Senior Mortgage Operations Specialist, Mortgage Operations, the Mortgage Operations Specialist (MOS) is responsible for the administration and servicing of BCI’s four mortgage portfolios by tracking and monitoring mortgage cash flows, disbursements, and other key data. The MOS is responsible for data entry into the mortgage system (PLM) and performing a range of technical functions in support of the overall goals of the department. 
 The MOS is in daily contact with other departments and external clients and must maintain accurate records in all aspects of customer service, ensuring documentation and internal control procedures are met. In order to ensure compliance, a thorough understanding of pool policies and anti-money laundering regulations is required. The MOS is responsible for ensuring departmental policies, procedures and documents are updated and maintained on SharePoint. 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Coordinates the collection of principal and interest payments, fees and taxes including the completion and distribution of cash and mortgage tickets to other departments as required 
Monitors payment due dates and resolves late payment situations 
Ensures escrow accounts are maintained where necessary and reported to required regulatory bodies 
Monitors, reviews and records insurance policies, property taxes, financial statements and other documentation and events in accordance with compliance requirements 
Prepares documentation and calculations for funding of mortgage advances, pre-payment penalty calculations and discharges and ensures internal control procedures have been met within time critical deadlines 
Obtains, records and documents all due diligence items (such as consultant and credit reports) as required by Portfolio Manager(s) for all mortgages 
Prepares and updates reports and presentations for the EVP & Head of Mortgage Investments, and BCI as required 
Liaises with solicitors, borrowers, and third-party consultants as required and responds to borrower, auditor and accountant information requests 
Liaises with the IT department as required to resolve technical issues with PLM 
Actively adheres to compliance and risk management policies, ensures PLM integrity remains intact as “book of record” and participates in business continuity planning 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Must have: 
Minimum 3 to 5 years financial sector experience 
seasoned understanding of mortgages, loan documentation, banking practices and accounting principles 
strong organizational and technical skills 
ability to effectively multi-task 
excellent customer service skills 
 Preferred: 
Commercial Mortgage servicing experience 
familiarity with Fixed Term and Construction mortgages 
 COMPETENCIES 
Technical Expertise - Effective performers are knowledgeable and skilled in the use of software, tools and processes. They add value through their expertise in mortgage servicing and remain current in their knowledge of the industry. 
Communicativeness - Effective performers are proactive in sharing information and are easily accessible, approachable and open. They respond to communications promptly and effectively and escalate needed information to the appropriate person in a timely manner. 
Team Work - Effective performers are team oriented. They identify with the larger team and their role within it. They share resources, respond to requests from other parts of the organization, and support larger goals of the team as more important than personal priorities. 
Organization & Planning - Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. 
High Standards - Effective performers possess a high inner work standard and show pride in their work. They consistently strive to ensure work is complete within deadlines and that all work performed is of a high quality. 
 QuadReal will provide reasonable accommodation at any time throughout the hiring process for applicants with disabilities or for those needing job postings in an alternate format. If you require accommodation, please advise the Talent Acquisition team member you are working with and include the following: Job posting #, your name and your preferred method of contact. 
 Want to learn about our end-to-end recruitment process? Click this link for a short video that will take you through each step, so you’ll know exactly what to expect. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
