
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Saatchi & Saatchi NY  is looking for a Senior Art Director in New York, NY, USA. 
 About 
 We are looking for a Senior Art Director to join our highly awarded creative department. This person should be curious, competitive and ambitious. 
 They immerse themselves in everyday brands, culture and the creative industry. They may have already picked up some awards in their career so far and they are keen to make a name for themselves. 
 This person obsesses about the details. Someone who can think outside of their own comfort zone and be flexible in a fast paced environment. This person will be a conceptual 360 thinker across a variety of briefs. 
 A few more details about qualifications: 
 4-5 years of art direction experience for well-known brands. 
Has a strong POV but also has an open mind; is ready to listen and learn. 
Has strong technical design skills across a variety of programs. 
Understands the “best in class” use of each platform. You know what it means to be make something interesting, engaging and creative in the world today. 
Ability to concept innovative ideas and tactics that people will talk about. Always envisioning the potential outcomes of each idea; thinking through the earned media headlines, potential media responses, consumer reactions and tweets etc. 
Someone who always brings one extra idea that nobody saw coming, something bold, simple and perfect, the cherry on top. 
A versatile team player; able to work alone or in a team and able to take direction from creative directors. 
Participates in new business pitches 
Embodies our positive, diverse, ambitious and respectful culture. 
Someone who will love and champion our work. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7384-saatchi-saatchi-ny-senior-art-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Conceptual, Design, Social, TV 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 (Originally posted August 28, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 Cecelia Staub 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
