Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Full-Stack Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 YES is looking for an ambitious Full-Stack Developer to join our five person team in Shoreditch, London. 
 YES is an art direction, design and technology studio. We believe in the web as a platform for creative and artistic expression and are passionate about building tools and experiences that assist with the dissemination of visual art and culture online. 
 We have created websites for some of the world’s leading photographers, photo-agents, artists and model agencies, amongst a rich variety of other work. 
 Our interests lie in exploring and utilising new technologies in a contextual and creative way. Research, experimentation and self-initated work help define and inform our commissioned projects. 
 We pride ourselves on a good work/life balance and the collaborative working experience in our studio. 
 The Role 
 You will be responsible for leading the development of a broad range of projects. You will be working closely with the creative team. You will also be working with clients in order to understand and develop the technical strategy for projects. 
 Requirements 
 —Experience building responsive modular websites using modern JavaScript frameworks (ideally using Angular JS) 
—Experience with PHP frameworks (ideally Laravel) 
—Expert knowledge of CSS 
—An understanding of module bundlers, task runners, and dependency managers (Webpack, Grunt/Gulp, NPM) 
—Experience working collaboratively using Gi 
 Bonus 
 —Experience with JS frameworks such as Three.js, PixiJS, Two.js 
—Interest in WebGL, GLSL shaders, AR, Web MIDI 
—Experience managing web services (Heroku/AWS) 
—Comfortable dealing with databases (MySQL) 
—An interest in building micro services (Node.js/Serverless) 
 Who are we looking for? 
 —You care about writing quality, high-performance, maintainable code 
—You’re interested in solving difficult problems and discovering new techniques and approaches 
—You love learning new skills and technology and are always on the lookout for the best tools for the job 
—You have a passion for teamwork and you want to work in an environment fuelled by great ideas no matter who they come from 
—You work best managing your own schedule 
—You’re keen to work on a variety of projects, seeing them from start to finish 
—You have an interest in typography and the visual arts 
 Competitive salary based on experience. 
 How to Apply 
 Applicants should forward their CV and work examples to  [email protected] 
 No recruitment agencies, please. 
 YES is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to building a work environment that is both diverse and inclusive. You will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, ethnicity, creed, disability, or age. 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  London, United Kingdom 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 __  Posted May 31, 2018 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
