Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Manager, Private Client Group 
 NFP Corp 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About NFP 
 We are NFP, a four-time Best Places to Work award winner in Business Insurance for 2017 through 2020. We are a world-class, leading insurance broker and consultant that genuinely cares deeply about our employees' and clients' well-being. We're honest, hardworking, dedicated professionals who love what we do and strive to lead by example. Our expertise and scale are only matched by our passion for building lifelong personal relationships. 
 About the Role 
 Reporting to the VP, Private Client Group, the primary role of the Client Manager to attract, retain and build strong relationships with our HNW clients by providing superior service. The CM utilizes first-rate industry and market knowledge to tailor recommendations to those that fit the needs of successful and accomplished individuals and families. The ideal candidate is self-motivated, proactive, and client-focused; intent on providing exceptional day-to-day service to maintain and exceed the reputation and service standards of NFP Canada. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Service and proactively manage your assigned clients’ personal insurance portfolio’s inclusive of renewals, mid-term changes, cancellations and claims in accordance with company service/quality standards 
Complete pre-renewals calls for all assigned clients 30-45 days in advance of the renewal date to build rapport and understanding of their insurance needs; subsequently, build a comprehensive insurance plan that fits these identified needs 
Handle incoming/outgoing calls and email requests from clients in a timely manner 
Prepare and maintain sales materials, including presentations, proposals, and submissions 
Assist with insurer portal transactions to complete endorsement and renewal activities 
Manage accounts receivables and follow-up activity 
Manage and build relationships with assigned Centre’s of Influence (i.e. wealth management firms, art appraisers, real estate firms, etc.) and their client base to grow the assigned portfolio 
Request referrals from clients, business associates and other departments to ensure a consistent pipeline of new clients are added to assigned portfolio 
Attend industry and carrier training sessions to ensure well versed in new products and services available 
Function as first-line underwriters, qualifying, maintaining and promoting sound quality business 
Build and maintain professional business relationships with industry partners 
Input all information into Applied EPIC accurately and efficiently per company requirements 
Monitor and meet personal RIBO education credit requirements 
 Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities: 
Excellent customer service skills in order to maintain long-term growth and retention 
Strong Quotation skills for new business, cross-selling, upselling and remarketing to ensure clients’ needs are consistently met or exceeded 
Self-starter with exceptional negotiation skills 
First-rate organizational, planning and prioritizing skills 
Adaptable to change 
A talent for listening, establishing trust and is dedicated to crafting solutions for clients 
Strong oral and written communication skills including superior presentation skills 
Detail and goal-oriented, highly motivated and resourceful to achieve results 
Solid team player—ability to adapt to and collaborate with various team members and individuals 
Positive attitude with a strong work ethic 
 Education and/or Experience: 
Registered Insurance Broker of Ontario (RIBO) license in good standing required 
Minimum 7 years of Personal Insurance experience preferably managing a High Net-Worth client base 
Major Market experience - especially with high-end carriers such as Chubb Insurance, Aviva Ovation and Northbridge, GCNA / Intact Prestige 
Experience with Microsoft Office suite, EPIC or related industry software and rating engines 
 Excellent benefits are offered:  competitive salary, group health and dental benefits, flexible leave days, group RRSP, social events, continuing education, etc. 
 NFP is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified candidates. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 COVID-19 Update:  Please note in some locations we’ve activated work-from-home plans for our offices. Standard operating hours generally remain intact for offices in the remote environment. We continue to stand ready to serve the needs of our clients 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
