[ 
 theoretical ecology 
 notes from ecology, evolution and statistics by Florian Hartig 
 ](https://theoreticalecology.wordpress.com/) 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About me 
 RSS feed 
 Twitter @TheorEcolBlog 
 Ecology Jobs 
 
 Ecology jobs 
 This site links to programs that offer grants or post jobs for PhD students, postdoc and faculty positions in the field of ecology.  Please use comments to report broken links or additional sites that could be of interest! 
 Overviews, databases, and general advice on scholarships and grants 
 
 DAAD scholarship database  (lists most scholarship programmes for Germany) 
 Research in Germany  - overview page from the ministry 
 Hochschulkompass  (Overview of German Universities) 
 See how to apply for a PhD advice at the end of this page 
 
 Job offers for ecologists (PhD to faculty) 
 General ecology 
 
 Nature Jobs  
  Job board  of the  Ecological Society of America  (ESA) 
 Job board  of the  German Ecological Society  (GFOE) 
 Job board  of the  German Zoological Society  (DZG) 
 Job database  of the  Society for Conservation Biology 
 ECOLOG 
 Evoldir 
 EURAXES  (EU job Database) 
 EcoEvo faculty jobs google doc (hopefully  stable link ),  2016/17 , 2015/16,  2014/15 
 Researchgate Jobs 
 FindAPhD  (theoretically worldwide, practically probably a bit UK centered) 
 Academic Job Wiki  - for all disciplines 
 The Chronicle -  Vitae 
 
 Especially for theoretical / computational ecology 
 
 ESA Theory section job wiki 
 YOMO job list : the young modelers in Ecology network runs a quite active job list for PhD and post-doc positions related to ecological modeling. 
 AK Computational Ecology  mailing list 
 BES quantitative ecology  twitter feed 
 
 Practical 
 
 The conservationjobboard  advertises jobs mostly related to conservation. 
 Jobs at the German federal office for Nature Conservation  (non-academic) 
 GreenJobs 
 
 Scholarships and grants for ecologists 
 National funding bodies (Germany) 
 
 DFG  - the DFG (German Research Foundation) is the self-governing organisation for science and research in Germany, similar to NSF in the US. Various programs for funding. However, you usually need a PhD to apply, and some link to Germany. 
 DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service) 
 Alexander von Humboldt Foundation  - various programmes to promote exchange between German and international Scientists. Incoming scholarships for PostDocs and Faculty. 
 Volkswagen Foundation 
 Robert Bosch Foundation  
 
 National funding bodies (other countries) 
 
 CSIC (Spain) 
 CNRS (France) 
 
 European funding bodies 
 
 Marie Curie Actions : probably the best known post-doc grants from the EU, good overall conditions, but also quite competitive. 
 European Research Council (ERC) : The ERC is a relatively new funding body within the EU. It offers highly attractive grants for experienced researchers (Advanced Grants) up to 3.5m Euro for up to 5 Years, and starting grants for young researchers amounting to up to 2m Euro for up to 5 years 
 Joint Research Centre : The JRC, another possible employer of scientists, provided scientific advice to the European Comission and the member states of the EU. It is distributed in 6 centers across Europe, the most logical place for ecologists would be the JRC in Ispra. 
 ESF : The European Science Foundation (ESF) supports various projects and activities, however, typically not on the level of individual researchers. 
 
 Special Programs 
 This is a very random selection - the DAAD scholarship database above has much more options 
 
 Harvard Fellowships in Sustainability Science 
 Microsoft Research PhD Scholarship  (for PhD positions, proposal written by potential advisor) 
 Omidyar Fellowship at the Santa Fe Institute 
 Wallenberg Academy Fellows , a private initiative to support young researchers in Sweden 
 
 Traveling grants 
 
 Bilateraler Wissenschaftleraustausch des BMELV 
 DAAD cooperation grants such as PPP (Programme des Projektbezogenen Personenaustauschs)  
 BES grants 
 BayFrance  (cooperation Bavaria-France, students + researchers) 
 
 For Faculty 
 
 Feodor Lynen-Stipendium  - Das Auslandsstipendium für deutsche Professoren und Postdocs 
 Semester at sea 
 
 Teaching and workshops 
 
 ERASMUS Intensive programmes  - An Intensive Programme (IP) is a short programme of study which brings together students and teaching staff from higher education institutions of at least three participating countries. It can last from 10 continuous full days to 6 weeks of subject related work. 
 ERASMUS Staff Mobility  Teaching staff mobility enables staff to spend a teaching period between 1 day - or at least 5 teaching hours – and 6 weeks at a higher education institution in another participating country. 
 OECD -  workshops and travel grants 
 
 Frequently asked questions / situations 
 
 I want to do a PhD  : make sure you know why you want to do a PhD (career goal), how a PhD works (google, read experiences), and what you want to do (topic). If you have this sorted out, it makes sense to contact  relevant people  directly, but make sure that you can clearly explain the points above. See hints  1 . 
 I am German / European resident and I am looking for a PhD / Postdoc in Germany  - most links below should be quite relevant for you. 
 I am from a developing / emerging country, and I would like to do a PostDoc / research stay in Germany  - look at the section "National funding bodies". DAAD or AvH are the most likely option. You need a German host. 
 How do get a  faculty position ? Advice for US:  1 ,  2 , Germany  1 ,  2 , 
 
 Important hints 
 
 How to contact people you would like to work with:  when looking for a job, you will have to contact people you don't know. Consider that these people are usually quite busy. Don't send "standard email templates". If you want to make a successful first contact, you need to demonstrate that you have familiarized yourself with the scientific work of your recipient, and that there is a realistic connection (see point 2). 
 Contact only relevant people:  academia is highly specialized. There is very little chance that a group will hire PhD candidate / researcher without prior experience on their topic. In some cases this happens because particular expertise is needed, but you should find out if that is the case. Don't waste the time of people with unrealistic proposals. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Most accessed 
 
 A simple Metropolis-Hastings MCMC in R 
 JCR 2016 impact factors for the top 40 ecology journals 
 Mediators, confounders, colliders - a crash course in causal inference 
 DHARMa - an R package for residual diagnostics of GLMMs 
 Model averaging in ecology: a review of Bayesian, information-theoretic and tactical approaches for predictive inference 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Saskia on  DHARMa - an R package fo… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Florian Hartig  on  DHARMa - an R package fo… 
 
 
 Saskia on  DHARMa - an R package fo… 
 
 
 
 Saskia on  DHARMa - an R package fo… 
 
 
 
 
 Florian Hartig  on  DHARMa - an R package fo… 
 
 
 Saskia on  DHARMa - an R package fo… 
 
 
 
 
 A Slightly More Adva…  on  A simple Metropolis-Hastings M… 
 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 Can we simultaneously infer time-varying speciation and extinction rates from extant phylogenies?…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 year ago 
 Scientists keep warning, I stopped signing   theoreticalecology.wordpress.com/2019/12/10/sci…   https://t.co/wdrcrC261P   1 year ago 
 Mediators, confounders, colliders – a crash course in causal inference   theoreticalecology.wordpress.com/2019/04/14/med…   https://t.co/OO5aUA4vVh   1 year ago 
 
 Follow @TheorEcolBlog 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Tags 
 Academic journals   Academic life   Academic publishing   Approximate bayesian computation (ABC)   Article retraction   Bayesian basics   Bayesian inference   Bayesian statistics   Bibliometrics   Big data   Carsten Dormann   Climate change   Coexistence mechanisms   Conservation biology   correlation   data-mining   Diversity patterns   Dynamic vegetation models (DVMs)   Ecological modeling   Ecosystem services   Extinction risk   Forest models   Freiburg   Hierachical Bayesian   impact factor   Individual-based models   intractable likelihood   Inverse modelling   ISI   JAGS   Journal Citation Report   Journal of Biogeography   mcmc   Model selection   Molecular phylogenies   Nature   open access   OpenBugs   Open data   Peer review   Phylogenetics   power law   Psychology   Publications Florian Hartig   Reproducibility   Science mag   Scientific writing   Scientometrics   Simulation-based inference   Special issue: the niche as a window to biodiversity   Speciation   Species-distribution models   Species distribution models (SDMs)   State space models   statistical inference   Statistics   stochastic simulation   Submitted to R-bloggers   Summer school Bayesian statistics   Teaching 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Andrew Gelman 
 Darren Wilkinson 
 Dynamic Ecology 
 eco-evolutionary dynamics 
 Ecobloggers 
 Ecology is not a dirty word 
 EEB and Flow 
 i'm a chordata! urochordata! 
 Jabberwocky Ecology 
 Not Even Wrong 
 Of Particular Significance 
 PEGE Journal Club 
 PhD comics 
 R-bloggers 
 Reflections on papers past 
 Scientific B-sides 
 The Contemplative Mammoth 
 Three-Toed Sloth 
 
 Disclaimer 
 This is a private blog. The opinions expressed herein are my own personal opinions. They do not necessarily represent the views of either my employer, or any organization I am working with.  Copyright  see  here . 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
