Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Account Manager - Industrial 
 Madsen Controls & Engineering 
 __Quebec Province 
 Apply Now 
 Summary:  Madsen Controls, the Canadian distributor and integrator for top-tier industrial control system and power management equipment, has an opening for an Account Manager in its Quebec operation. Madsen has a significant installation base of its products in hydro, mining, pulp and paper, oil & gas, marine and power generation markets throughout Quebec and Ontario. The Account Manager will have significant experience in one or more of these markets and will develop new accounts, maintain existing accounts and target integration opportunities and service within their territory. 
 As the successful candidate, you must be an excellent problem solver, able to manage your time and efforts, be comfortable working both independently and with cross-departmental teams and have good communication skills. You should have wide knowledge of rotating and reciprocating applications, ideally with direct experience of prime mover technologies, combining an understanding of the customer’s business and their needs. Although you will be backed by a team of experts, you must be open to learning and being able to navigate in-depth technical discussions. You will be expected to play a leading role in problem resolution from both a technical and commercial viewpoint. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Independently organize outside sales efforts from a home office. 
 Develop value creation opportunities for both Madsen Controls and the customer. 
 Sales plan development. 
 Work well with other members of the team and share information openly. 
 Keep management informed through regular activity reports and communications. 
 Diligently maintain an accurate CRM database. 
 Develop and deliver customer-oriented strategies. 
 Continuously provide market intelligence. 
 
 Mandatory Requirements: 
 (Please do not apply if you do not meet these requirements) 
 
 
 Fully bilingual (French and English). 
 
 
 Direct sales experience with one or more of Power Generation or Mining. 
 
 
 Ten (10) years related large industrial experience required. 
 
 
 Current contacts in large industry in Quebec. 
 
 
 Education, Experience and Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree or Equivalent sales experience. 
 Fully bilingual (French and English). 
 Computer Skills which include: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, CRM, Email. 
 
 The desired candidate will have professional experience to include: 
 
 Current customers throughout the Province of Quebec. 
 Controls or Systems Engineer experience would be a significant benefit. 
 Business, Engineering or Technical certification or equivalent experience. 
 Experience with Woodward or Basler products would be an asset. 
 
 Please submit your application in English. 
 Expected start date: 2021-01-04 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $65,000.00- per year 
 Reference ID: MCI-2020-02 
 Expected Start Date: 2020-12-01 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: $65,000.00-$100,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company car 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Large Industrial Sales: 10 years (Required) 
 
 Job Duties: 
 
 Manage multiple accounts, ensuring that a high level of customer retention and satisfaction is maintained 
 Meet monthly quotas 
 Engage with multiple customers on a daily basis by reaching out to new clients, and by developing campaigns for maintaining customer loyalty 
 Implement strategies for retaining customers requesting to terminate or downgrade their account 
 Record changes to customer accounts, updating service packages, adding accounts, and removing accounts as needed 
 Other duties as requested 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
