20 Jobs That Won’t Stress You Out 
 These careers can help you to make a relatively worry-free living. 
 20 Jobs That Won’t Stress You Out 
 There are a lot of stressful jobs out there -- first responder, senior corporate executive, news reporter, event coordinator and more. And, in many cases, those stressful jobs come with fairly low salaries. 
 Interestingly, some of the least stressful jobs also come with fairly good pay. While you might need to get some extra education to prepare for a new career, it might be worth it, especially if you can avoid the healthcare concerns that come with a high-stress job. 
 Here are 20 jobs,  using data from CareerCast , that are less likely to stress you out. 
 Diagnostic Medical Sonographer 
 Median salary:  $65,620 
 A diagnostic medical sonographer takes images of different parts of the body to help doctors and specialists make diagnoses about various conditions. You usually need to get a specific certification and/or a two-year degree to get this job. The Bureau of Labor Statistics sees this as a fast-growing career track through 2026, so there's a good chance you could get a new job in this field and enjoy the low-stress nature of the career. 
 Genetic Counselor 
 Median salary:  $74,120 
 Genetic counselors look at the results of various tests and use the information to help families and individuals understand what to expect in terms of potential for inherited conditions and disorders. Additionally, they support health care providers. Job growth is expected to be 29 percent through 2026, which leaves plenty of room for new counselors. In general, you need a master's degree in genetics or genetic counseling. 
 Radiation Therapist 
 Median salary:  $80,160 
 If you want to help people beat cancer, this can be a good job for you. Basically, you administer radiation treatments for various diseases, including cancer. In many cases, you can get an entry-level job at a hospital, outpatient center or doctor's office with an associate's degree. In many cases, if you do well, an employer might pay for additional education. Like many healthcare professions, the growth outlook for this profession is higher than average. 
 Web Developer 
 Median salary:  $67,990 
 With the internet remaining one of the most important business environments, web developers have the chance to use their skills -- and do so in a low-stress environment. If you have an affinity for web development and technology, you might not even need a formal education, although an associate's or bachelor's degree can help. Web development is also well-suited for freelancing, so it's possible to be your own boss and set your own schedule. 
 Operations Research Analyst 
 Median salary:  $79,200 
 If you're looking for a higher-paying job with low stress, this might be a good job. You're required to use analytical and mathematical methods to solve problems, and help organizations learn how to make better decisions. You might even get to travel in order to consult with companies. However, you do need a degree in order to perform this job, usually in business, management science, engineering, mathematics or operations research. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports 27 percent growth through 2026, so this could be a good career path, especially if you can tweak an existing skill set. 
 Paralegal 
 Median salary:  $50,410 
 Interested in the law, but not up for the stress involved with arguing a case in court or working with clients? Paralegal work can be rewarding and low-stress. Typically, you only need an associate's degree to get started. Your job is providing support to lawyers, so you might conduct research, create documents and organize files. While growth isn't expected to be as fast as healthcare professions, it's still faster than average. 
 Loan Officer 
 Median salary:  $64,660 
 Help consumers and businesses meet their goals with the help of capital. As a loan officer, you generally evaluate borrowers and recommend appropriate loan products, as well as help them navigate the process. You do need a bachelor's degree to do this job, and you might need an additional license if you want to work as a mortgage loan officer. Growth is expected to be faster than average, although you do run the risk of layoffs if a recession hits. 
 Occupational Therapy Assistant 
 Median salary:  $56,690 
 Another healthcare profession, occupational therapy assistants help patients improve their ability to live and work. This can be done for patients who have been through a surgery or an accident, or who might need other help. In some cases, occupational therapy assistants work with those with developmental needs. For the most part, you can do this job with an associate's degree from an accredited program. 
 Medical Services Manager 
 Median salary:  $96,540 
 If you have good organizational skills, you might be able to do this work, which involves managing and coordinating healthcare services. Additionally, it's up to you to make sure that facilities are up-to-date with regulations and technology. You might work in a hospital or nursing home, or even a medical group. You do need a bachelor's degree, and might even need a master's degree if what you do rises to the level of healthcare administration. 
 Software Developer 
 Median salary:  $102,280 
 If you want one of the lowest-stress jobs with one of the best salaries, software developer is a good choice. You probably need a bachelor's degree, but going back to school can be worth it if you get a good job afterward. Plus, the job market for this profession should be good, with 24 percent growth predicted through 2026. You'll create computer programs, games and other items. If you know your code, you should be able to do reasonably well. 
 Dental Hygienist 
 Median salary:  $72,910 
 As long as you aren't grossed out by what goes on in someone else's mouth, being a dental hygienist can be a solid job. You clean teeth, look for signs of gingivitis and help with preventative care. You assist the dentist but aren't required to go through the rigorous schooling. In fact, you can usually complete the requirements for the appropriate associate's degree in three years or less. 
 Chiropractor 
 Median salary:  $68,640 
 This is one of the more education-intense jobs on this list, requiring a professional degree or a doctoral degree. However, the job is considered low stress. In general, you work with patients who want help with spinal adjustments and general wellness advice. You can help people with back and neck pain and advise them on improving their overall health. Growth is expected to be slightly better than average, so this might be a profession you could stick with. 
 Dietitian 
 Median salary:  $59,410 
 If you want to use your knowledge to help people make better decisions about their health, or to help them manage disease, a career as a dietitian can be a good choice. These folks work in low-stress environments, can be consultants or can give regular presentations to various groups. It's possible to make a pretty good salary, and a bachelor's degree is all that's required, although some states require licensing as well. Growth is expected to be faster than average. 
 Vocational Counselor 
 Median salary:  $55,410 
 As a vocational counselor, you help others figure out what jobs they might be suited for. You might work with social organizations, schools or universities. You guide clients through the process of looking for and applying for jobs, including helping them improve their resumes and helping them practice interviewing. You usually need at least a bachelor's degree. How much you actually make, as well as your duties, depend on where you work and the organization where you're employed. 
 Pharmacy Technician 
 Median salary:  $31,750 
 If you want a good work environment with very low stress and solid projected growth, pharmacy technician can be a good choice -- even though the salary isn't particularly high. You help pharmacists get prescriptions to customers, and there's often a flexible part-time schedule. While you might need to go through a training program or get some sort of certification, in many cases you don't need to have more than a high school diploma to get started. If you want to make a switch quickly, this can be a good choice. 
 Medical Secretary 
 Median salary:  $34,610 
 Once again, a number of jobs in the healthcare field don't necessarily require a lot of schooling or extensive training. These jobs, which involve clerical duties in a medical office, can offer low stress and a professional work environment. You might not make a huge salary, but you might have more flexible and attractive schedule. Medical secretaries fall into this category. You can usually get a job with training or specific certification. You'll help with scheduling, billing and filing. 
 Optician 
 Median salary:  $36,250 
 You can get started with a high school diploma or an associate's degree, depending on the situation. You might have to be licensed, depending on your state. However, this is a low-stress environment where you help patients select eyeglasses and contact lenses and help them fit the eyewear when it arrives. You act as a consultant to patients. 
 Hair Stylist 
 Median salary:  $25,900 
 This is one of the lowest-paying jobs on this list, but you have the chance to work in a friendly and fun environment, and enjoy very low-stress work. Your job is to help people feel beautiful. Most states require a license, and you usually need to go through a specific program to start. However, you often set your own schedule, and there's a lot of flexibility. 
 Multimedia Artist 
 Median salary:  $70,530 
 If you're talented at creating images or videos, you might be able to do a job as a multimedia artist. In many cases, you do need to have good artist instincts, and you often need to have at least a bachelor's degree in an area like graphic design, animation or computer graphics. This is another job that lends itself well to remote work and freelancing, allowing you to use your skills and make a good living on your own terms. 
 Teacher’s Aide 
 Median salary:  $26,260 
 If you like working with children, being a teacher's aide can be a smart choice. You might need some college, but you don't usually need a degree, although some training in working with children is desirable. In general, you help teachers at daycare centers, schools and religious organizations. The schedule can be attractive, and you usually have holidays and summers off. For some workers, that flexibility and low stress level can be worth the low pay. 
