Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ERP Implementor / Consultant 
 Evron Computer Systems Corp 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ERP SOFTWARE IMPLEMENTATION / CONSULTANT 
 Who We Are 
 EVRON is a well-established 52 person solutions-oriented Systems Integrator with a proud 34 year history. We provide ERP software solutions including Epicor, Acumatica, Spire and Sage BusinessVision with both on premises and SAAS delivery models. 
 We have clients throughout Ontario and United States. Our Software development activities are Microsoft oriented typically using Visual Studio primarily with C#, HTML5 and ASP.net with MS-SQL database. 
 Our capabilities for providing mobility software on any device, are a significant aspect of our client solutions. Our team is made up of bright, hardworking, committed individuals of diverse background with great team spirit who find our environment challenging and rewarding and who take pride in providing excellent solutions and support for our clients 
 What we are looking for 
 We are looking for a bright, hardworking and articulate person to provide systems implementation, training and client support services. Experience with Epicor, Acumatica, Accpac (Sage 300), Netsuite, Dynamics, Sage BusinessVision or other financial software packages, is of value to us. 
 We are looking for someone comfortable with going to client sites throughout the GTA, and providing remote support to assist clients in use of software but also be able to understand and make recommendations related to their business requirements. 
 Solid accounting expertise, ideally supported by an official designations such as MBA, CA, CGA, CMA, or in process for one of these would definitely be an asset in this role. We will provide training so we welcome candidates with strong academic background and some experience in areas such as consulting, software development, business process analysis and accounting. This position will also be of interest for people early in their career that have the skills and ambition to grow. 
 Compensation 
 We offer a competitive salary based on experience and performance with unlimited opportunities for learning, challenge and development. Health benefits include medical, dental, life, and disability. You will also have the opportunity to gain the satisfaction of making a significant positive contribution to our client’s businesses and lives. 
 How To Apply 
 If you are interested in applying for this employment opportunity please send your cover letter and resume attention President 
 Evron Computer Systems Corp. 5 Denison Street, Markham, Ontario, Canada. L3R 1B5 
 (905) 477-0444, www.evron.com 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
