Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Heating Plant Operator II 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - S103943275 
Posting Date - Nov 25, 2020 
Closing Date - Dec 02, 2020 
 Position Type - Full Time - Operating Funded 
Salary Range - $67,057 to $92,809 per year 
Grade - 10 
Hours - 40 
 This competition is open to all applicants however internal candidates and applicants who were former employees of the University of Alberta in the past 18 months will be given priority consideration before external candidates. 
 
 The end date will be approximately 13 months from the date of hire. 
 
 This position offers a comprehensive benefits package, which can be viewed at: Faculty & Staff Benefits. This role requires 12-hour shift work and is eligible for a shift differential payment. This position is overtime-eligible however, the University of Alberta strongly supports a healthy work-life/home life balance, and overtime is therefore limited. 
 The University of Alberta owns and operates one of the largest campus district energy systems in North America. This energy system supplies services to the University, as well as the University of Alberta Hospital, the Stollery Children's’ Hospital, the Cross Cancer Institute, the Jubilee Auditorium, Canadian Blood Services, and other smaller entities. The Heating Plant is located on the southwest area of the campus and has a capacity of 650 tonnes/hour steam. 
 The Heating Plant Operator II assists the Heating Plant Shift Supervisor in the safe and efficient operation of plant equipment involved in producing electricity, steam, demineralized water, and compressed air supplied to the University of Alberta campus, surrounding hospital facilities and other customers. 
 Duties 
 Works with the Chief Steam Engineer and Shift Engineer to ensure the plant is operated and maintained in compliance with provincial codes, regulations, and University policies and procedures 
Conducts routine and regular on-site checks of operating and standby equipment to assess current conditions with respect to lubrication, temperatures, pressures and vibration and takes immediate remedial action when necessary 
Maintains contact with the HP Shift Supervisor in coordinating plant operations to accommodate maintenance personnel, tradesmen, instrument technicians, engineers, and contractors; works alone approximately 70% of the time 
Completes shift-to-shift logging, storage of recording charts, log sheets, meter readings and computer printouts of plant conditions 
Follows specific safety standards; recognizes and reacts to emergency situations using proper safety procedures 
Prepares lock and tag schedules, confined space entry permits, implements emergency and evacuation procedures as well as tests and operates the use of gas detectors 
Performs complete preventative maintenance to equipment; modifies existing systems and equipment with approval from Plant Management 
Assumes care and control of the plant in the event the HP Shift Supervisor is absent 
Performs plant housekeeping as assigned by the Shift Supervisor; completes specifically assigned areas of responsibility regarding maintenance (e.g. lab supplies, paint supplies, and safety supplies) 
Performs other duties as required 
 Qualifications 
 Minimum High School Diploma supplemented with a valid Third Class Power Engineering Certificate or higher. 
Additional training in safety equipment, first aid/CPR certification, fire extinguisher training, WHIMIS, and MSDS is preferred 
Thorough working knowledge of all equipment related to the production of steam, demineralized water, compressed air and electricity 
Familiarity with the Windows environment using MS Office applications (Word, Excel and Outlook) and the Internet 
Ability to work independently, as well as collaboratively to accomplish organization goals 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
