Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Contact Us 
 How to Use This Site 
 Improving Performance and Wellbeing at Work 
 
 The Role of Psychological Flexibility in Building Performance and Wellbeing 
 Useful Resources 
 
 Book Reviews 
 
 
 
 
 What is ACT? 
 
 Some Definitions 
 The Evidence Behind ACT 
 Translating ACT for the Workplace 
 What is Psychological Flexibility? 
 ACT in the Workplace - Research References 
 Mindfulness in the workplace - evidence 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 About This Site 
 Privacy Statement 
 About Rob Archer 
 About Rachel Collis 
 About Paul Atkins 
 Our Values 
 
 
 
 Working with ACT 
 Using mindfulness and values in the workplace to improve performance and wellbeing 
 What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong? 
 Posted on  June 29, 2016June 26, 2016  by  Rachel Collis 
 Standard career advice says that if you want career success, then you need to decide where you want to be in your career in 10 years time and work out what you need to do in order to get there. 
 This advice may be outdated. I have written a post about it on  The Meaningful Success Project  Blog. You can read the full post  here . 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by Rachel Collis 
 Rachel gained 15 years experience as a psychiatrist before moving into leadership development in 2001. She now lectures at the Graduate School of Business, QUT and provides leadership, executive and career coaching to senior and high potential leaders. To learn more, visit - http://rachelcollis.com.au/   View all posts by Rachel Collis  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post The Psychology of Leaving 
 Next Post Using Values When You're Somewhere You Don't Want To Be 
 3 thoughts on "What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong?" 
 
 fiona  says: 
 
 June 29, 2016 at 12:21 pm 
 this is brilliant! thank you! I work in a VUCA environment in the UK and am in the middle of some major career changes, while the UK is in chaos around me. Really timely reminder to notice the good in the current role and commit to that while holding more lightly the longer term plans! 
 Reply 
 
 Rachel Collis  says: 
 
 July 9, 2016 at 5:47 am 
 Thanks Fiona! I am glad you found the post useful. 
 Reply 
 
 April Johnston  says: 
 
 August 30, 2016 at 2:52 am 
 I apparently was in a VUCA environment (world wide cost cutting) and was made redundant unexpectedly. then a new job didn't work out for me, so in my late 40s wondering where to next and how long it will be for. Great article, agree wholeheartedly. Look for something you think you will enjoy and know you can do! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 6,678 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 
 
 
 
 What We Have Been Writing About 
 Acceptance   Acceptance and Commitment Coaching   ACT   ACT Coaching   ACT into the water supply   ACT Matrix   anxiety   Behavior   Behavior Change   behaviour analysis   cognitive fusion   Compassion   Confidence   Conflict Resolution   Decision making   Defusion   Emotional Intelligence   emotion management   Employee engagement   experiential avoidance   Gallup   Goal Setting   Handling Difficult Thoughts   Health   High Performing Teams   Impostor syndrome   Leadership development   Management   Meaning   Mindfulness   Motivation   Motivational interviewing   Negotiation   Organisational Culture   perspective taking   Psychological flexibility   Resilience   Stress   Teams   Time Management   tom rath   uncertainty   Values   Values and Behaviour   Well Being   Willingness   Work   Work Life Balance 
 Rob's Tweets 
 
 RT @ startupdaemon : WHICH ONE OF YOU MANIACS DID THIS?  https://t.co/RGDHqZ0CJ5   2 days ago 
 I don't usually share feedback from sessions but this week I got some feedback from a participant that I think is w…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   3 days ago 
 RT @ Simon__Nixon : No words necessary. @ RobACareerPsych   https://t.co/8P0klbiO1y   3 days ago 
 The perils of doing ACT work in organisations (especially when tired). Suddenly getting emotional when you include…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 days ago 
 There's really no particular reason not to feel blue today, or any day, so that's one thing to take off your to-do list.  #BlueMonday   5 days ago 
 
 Categories 
 
 Acceptance and Commitment Training (ACT) 
 Behaviour change 
 Careers 
 Decision making 
 Fitness 
 Health 
 Meaning 
 Mindfulness 
 Organisations and careers 
 Psychological Flexibility 
 Relationships / communication 
 Stress and resilience 
 Uncategorized 
 Values 
 Work 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 ACT Mindful 
 ACT Mindfully 
 ACT of Living 
 Headstuck! The Psychology of Work and Career Change 
 Lions, Tigers and Fears 
 Mindfulness Training Ltd 
 Pickslyde Consulting 
 The Psychology of Wellbeing 
 The Yellow Brick Blog 
 Think Psychology 
 
 The Authors 
 
 
   Rachel Collis 
 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 Traps to Avoid On the Path to Success – Or Why You Can’t Have it All 
 Is Meaningful Success Possible Within an Organisation? 
 What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong? 
 
 
 
   Dr Rob Archer 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 The ACT Approach to Handling Anxiety Like a Human Being 
 What Kind of Purpose Leads to Meaning in Life? 
 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 The Authors 
 
   Rachel Collis 
 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 Traps to Avoid On the Path to Success – Or Why You Can’t Have it All 
 Is Meaningful Success Possible Within an Organisation? 
 What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong? 
 
 
   Dr Rob Archer 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 The ACT Approach to Handling Anxiety Like a Human Being 
 What Kind of Purpose Leads to Meaning in Life? 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
