Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Substitute EAL (English as an Additional Language) Instructor 
 Immigrant Services Association of Nova Scotia 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Substitute EAL Instructors 
 ISANS is seeking experienced, qualified, EAL Instructors interested in working as a 
 Substitute Instructor. 
 Immigrant Services Association of Nova Scotia (ISANS) is a non-profit organization committed 
 to supporting the language learning goals of newcomers. In a creative and respectful 
 environment, ISANS strives to provide quality and effective learning opportunities to promote 
 the active participation of newcomers in the community. ISANS offers different language 
learning programs for newcomers. 
 In the Community Language & Skills program there are classes for newcomers with 
 basic literacy needs and classes ranging from levels 1 to 5 for learning basic life skills, 
 Canadian culture and language. 
 The Labour Market Language program addresses the needs of newcomer professionals 
 with a variety of courses such as Communication for Work and Business, and 
 Communication for Internationally Educated Healthcare Professionals, and Evening 
 classes among others. 
 Required Skills & Qualifications: 
Canadian Language Benchmark (CLB) level 8 in all skill areas 
 Minimum 2 years adult classroom based EAL teaching 
 A demonstrated understanding and firm commitment to adult education principles 
 Knowledge of the application of Canadian Language Benchmarks. (Completion of the CLB 
 Bootcamp online training required (http://learning.language.ca/) 
Cross-cultural experience 
 Education 
 Undergraduate degree and recognized TESL qualification 
 Terms of Employment: 
Annual Casual Contract, subject to renewal, subject to funding 
 Variable, casual hours, to cover sick days/vacation time for other ISANS Instructors 
 Closing Date:  Ongoing 
 To apply:  E-mail your resume and cover letter merged into one document to 
 careers@isans.ca, stating SUBSTITUTE EAL INSTRUCTOR in the subject line. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest and advise that only those candidates 
 selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
