Skip to primary content 
 International Security Discipulus 
 Commentary on International Security: Emerging Scholars Perspectives. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Submit 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 So, you want a job in policy? 
 Posted on  September 19, 2013  by   bwrholliss 
 Amanda Murdie and Kate Kidder 
 An often overlooked question for students embarking on studying within the International Relations field (or any other for that matter), and whether it be undergraduate or postgraduate level, is what next? If you have good enough grades progressing into further study is an option well catered for in both potential and advice. Government jobs throw up a plethora of graduate program possibilities also. But what if the area you envisage yourself working in is that which straddles the two, the policy world of International policy think-tanks? What follows is a response to a question posed by Amanda Murdie  to her former PhD student,  Kate Kidder , a research associate at the Center for a New American Security, asking for some advice for an undergrad wanting to get into the policy world. Originally featuring as a blog post at the  Duck of Minerva , the advice has been reproduced here below with Kate’s kind permission. 
 
 The question to Kate: 
 I’m advising a really wonderful undergrad who would like a career like you have. Could you give her some advice as to how to break in to the security policy community? I think she is really interested in trade-offs between law school, PhD programs, and MA programs. 
 Kate’s response: 
 1. I would say that the number one thing that ensures a “way in” to this town/field is an internship- which are typically unpaid and last about 6 months. Of course, that was my experience, so I also admit that my sample size is skewed :). I can add a few things about my experience, both as a former intern and now as the manager of an intern: 
 A) you don’t just interview for an internship; your whole internship is an interview (a lot of people make the mistake of becoming poor team players as soon as they’ve “secured” an internship, which is a bad move. While internships aren’t exactly paid in cash, they are paid in networks, and those networks are worth more than money.). 
 B) Recognize that the foreign policy and Defense communities are really tiny, and then refer back to point #1. Recognize the confluence of three things: tiny community+tinier points of entry+bad economy= the majority of interns are essentially overqualified. The key is not to act like it (I know, it seems fairly intuitive, but you would be surprised). Also, don’t let it get you down. It’s worth it. (There should be an “it gets better” campaign for interns). 
 C) All interns in this city are smart. Really. All of them. So there is a lot of competition about “who’s smarter than who” or “who produces more.” A little secret: one of the ways to get ahead is to take some of that energy and just be kind and helpful. Cleaning coffee mugs with a good attitude gets you noticed. Then people realize you are smart and read your stuff. 
 D) Building off of that: recognize that your 40-hours-a-week is simply the cost of entry. If you really want to leverage your internship, expect to work a lot more (though no one will tell you that, because I’m pretty sure that legally they can’t). So your 40 hours of stuffing envelopes, answering phones, cleaning coffee mugs, setting up for events, etc. buys you the credibility to then turn in a piece–op-ed, blog post, what-have-you– that you stayed up all night writing before heading back into the office to stuff folders all over again. I was fortunate enough that I could incur the cost of not earning an income for 6 months; some of my fellow interns ended up doing all of that and then waiting tables until 2am…crazy, I know! Just think of it as if you’re Andrea Sachs in  The Devil Wears Prada  , except hopefully your boss is much nicer (mine certainly was!) and your shoes probably shouldn’t cost as much (though if you are in the market, here’s some worth investing in if you are going to be running around this city and want to look uber professional:  http://www.zappos.com/cole-haan-chelsea-low-pump-black-patent?zfcTest=fcl%3A0 ) 
 As far as educational paths, some thoughts: 
 
 
 First things first: Go with your passion. It will all work itself out in the end. If you are more passionate about the law, go that way. If that is your path, recognize that a law degree opens a lot of doors- and a lot of lawyers in this town don’t actually practice law (and prefer it that way!). Just think, Samantha Power never took the bar. If grad school in a specific program is more up your alley, go that route. 
 
 
 In all reality, you don’t need a Ph.D at this town at first- though an M.A. is a near-must. I’m fortunate to work in a think tank that runs like a start-up and thus is willing to be flexible- I kind of threw a wrench in the existing system by being a doctoral candidate at 29. The people who need Ph.Ds are at the fellow level- and these are people who also have about a decade of government experience. Coming in with a Ph.D and no government experience means you price yourself out of the Research Associate market without the value added of experience. But I’ve also seen that internships-turned-jobs tend to go to the interns who started with a masters. If you start the job with a masters and really want a Ph.D., work there for a few years and then pursue the Ph.D portion- and there’s a likely chance that your employer will pitch in. Alternatively, with a few years of work experience, even if you opt completely out of the workforce to pursue your Ph.D, you still have something on your resume. 
 
 
 Some last pieces of advice: 
 
 
 Whichever way you go with grad school/law school/experience, start to carve out your own voice. Have a “thing” that you want to claim as your little slice of expertise. The strange thing about this town is that what you claim to be an expert on, your are perceived to be an expert on until proven otherwise (which can be a really good thing or a dangerously bad thing!) Read up on it- academically, in the news, on blogs, in its industry. Sign up for Google news alerts on it. Figure out who the players are, what the arguments are, etc. (For me, it’s defense personnel policy). The policy world needs people who are simultaneously flexible enough and educated enough on research methods that they can research any topic thrown their way, while also offering their unique perspective on a very specific topic. 
 
 
 Just as in Academia, publications carry a lot of weight. But the difference in Washington is that volume kind of counts for more than quality (I know…it makes me shudder). So start getting your name out there with smaller pieces- op-eds, pieces in smaller publications, etc. Of course, it never hurts to have a piece placed in ForeignPolicy.com or Foreign Affairs- but when in doubt, get something out there. And this is a great way to get an edge on your “expertise.” 
 
 
 Amanda Murdie is an assistant professor of Political Science at the University of Missouri. Kate Kidder is a Research Associate at the Center for a New American Security in Washington DC, USA. This post originally appeared on the  ** _ Duck of Minerva . _** 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  advice for students and graduates ,  International Policy Internships ,  Internship advice ,  internships ,  Kate Kidder  by  bwrholliss . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 1 thought on "So, you want a job in policy?" 
 
 Mohsin Zeb on  September 19, 2013 at 5:29 pm  said: 
 
 Key advice. I wish to complete my PhD and go into policy work. I'm 29 and should get my PhD in a few years (5, probably). I will follow these steps closely. Thanks. 
 Reply ↓ 
 ‘When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite’.  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
