Student Abroad Magazine 
 The UK’s No1 Study Abroad Magazine 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Student Abroad 
 for Business 
 for Career 
 for Gap Year 
 for High School 
 for Internship 
 for Languages 
 for Summer 
 for University 
 in Australia 
 in Canada 
 in Europe 
 in Ireland 
 in New Zealand 
 in South America 
 in USA 
 
 <- 'Two Britains' qualifications gap emerges in study 
 Clearing 2011: How about studying abroad? -> 
 Expats speak out: does working abroad boost your career? 
 Posted on  August 1, 2011  by  studentabroadmagazine 
 Expats speak out: does working abroad boost your career? ( Daily Telegraph) 
A new poll has found over three-quarters of women who work abroad believe that doing so has improved their career prospects. 
According to a survey from Natwest International Personal Banking, 83 per cent of women who work abroad believe the experience will stand them in good stead for moving up the career ladder. 
Apparently, having spent time working overseas is generally considered to demonstrate a number of important skills to employers. 
Out of over 400 women interviewed by NatWest, over half (52 per cent) said that the experience of working overseas had exceeded their expectations. 
Members of the Telegraph Expat community on Twitter agree, and say working abroad has been a valuable and enriching experience. 
"Moving abroad is the best thing I ever did," said Eleanor Fullalove, Property & Living Editor of FrenchEntrée.com. "I have worked in Nice and in Paris and the opportunities I've had to work abroad helped advance my career." 
"While I was at university, I spent eight months working for an English language newspaper in Nice. After graduating with a degree in English and French, I was employed as a sub-editor at a magazine publishing company in Bath. Unfortunately, I was made redundant 18 months later and found it difficult to get another job in publishing. At that point, I decided to go freelance. 
"So I went back to the same newspaper in France that took me on as a student. Then I found myself in Paris on an assignment for a big American publishing house with a branch in the French capital - they wanted me to interview celebrities on the front row and at parties during Paris Fashion Week. 
"I'm convinced it was my French that set me apart and of course, the experience already gained working in France. I might have always been surrounded by English speakers in the work place, but living with French people whilst in France really helped me gain fluency in French." 
Alison Meehan agrees. She runs Costa Women, a social network community for women living in Spain, and draws on her vast experience working globally to stay ahead of the competition. 
"I have worked in Australia, Dubai, Thailand and Spain; all of which were for different reasons and all gave a different work experiences." 
She advises securing a job before you move to make the most of your time abroad. 
"If it's a posting for a job then that experience is very different to moving somewhere for a life choice. Traditionally, the woman would find it hard to get a role which fit their skill-sets once they have arrived with their husband who moved for work. In my early days in the Middle East, it wasn't uncommon for the employer to ask for the husband's approval for the wife to work!" 
She points out that the experience of a new culture, language, customs and someone else's view of the world are invaluable in the current competitive jobs market - and can also give them the confidence to start their own business. 
"People find that their boundaries and minds are expanded and far more often would find ourselves in a situation where we have to live outside of our comfort zone. However, once out of the comfort zone, maybe the prospect of going it alone is now a viable option." 
"This provides a great challenge and good chance for them to do what they have always wanted to do and monetise a hobby, or skill-set that was put to work for an employer previously." 
 For more information about these or any other programmes, please contact us to discuss your potential 
educatours@a8workandstudy.co.uk 
UK Head OfficeTel: +44 (0)844 5555 480 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About studentabroadmagazine 
 The place to share and discover study abroad in the top 8 study regions of the World; United Kingdom and Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, USA, South America , South Africa and Asia educatours@as8workandstudy.co.uk 
  View all posts by studentabroadmagazine ->  
 This entry was posted in  European Student News ,  UK Student News  and tagged  2 london ,  2 london 20 abroad agriculture scholarships for internationAustralia Canada canada students newsChinese degree educationEnglish Europe FranceFrench German graduate grants to pay student loans accounti ,  20 ,  abroad ,  agriculture scholarships for internation ,  Australia ,  Budapest ,  Canada ,  canada students news ,  Chinese ,  Colin Firth ,  degree ,  education ,  English ,  Erasmus ,  Europe ,  France ,  French ,  ft.com ,  German ,  graduate ,  grants to pay student loans accounting ,  guardian.co.uk ,  high school ,  how to write a student magazine ,  hz student rooms in vlissingen ,  Ireland ,  Italian ,  Italy Germany ,  language ,  London ,  maori people and culture in new zealand ,  New York ,  new Zealand ,  pay off student loans early ,  programs to pay student loans off early ,  Russian ,  school ,  Spain ,  Spanish ,  st francis xavier university ,  Student immigration ,  student loans paid off by government ,  student magazines ireland ,  student news ,  study ,  the focus of education reform in europe ,  the king’s speech ,  UK ,  undergraduate ,  university ,  university funding browne ,  university. learn ,  USA ,  watch the x factor abroad ,  weird university courses ,  western europe education . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- 'Two Britains' qualifications gap emerges in study 
 Clearing 2011: How about studying abroad? -> 
 1 Response to  Expats speak out: does working abroad boost your  career? 
 
 Carmine  says: 
 
  September 13, 2012 at 12:56 am 
 It's going to be end of mine day, however before end I am reading this wonderful piece of writing to increase my know-how. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Study International Programmes for UK Students 
 More British students vying for American universities 
 A world of university opportunities: The benefits of studying abroad 
 Goodbye to the gap year: Students give up travel to avoid 2012 fee hike 
 Parents splash the cash for ultimate student pads 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 http://my.opera.com  on  FCO Travel Advice Middle East… 
 
 
 
 
 
 taniastac.revelife.c…  on  FCO Travel Advice Middle East… 
 
 
 
 Roland  on  London 2012 launches volunteer… 
 
 
 
 [ watch naurto shippu…  on  London 2012 launches volunteer… 
 
 
 
 Immigration Advice H…  on  Student Nursing dream fades fo… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Australia Student News 
 Canada Student News 
 European Student News 
 International Student News 
 Ireland Student News 
 Language Student News 
 New Zealand Student News 
 South Africa 
 UK Student News 
 Uncategorized 
 USA Student News 
 World Travel Advice 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Student Abroad Magazine  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
