Skip to content 
 trainhrtraining 
 TrainHR is a comprehensive Human Resources training solutions provider. 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Category: Career Development 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 Effective Techniques to Deal with Difficult Customers: Resolve Complaints and Gain Customer Satisfaction 
 February 20, 2020   Trainhr Training 
 How to communicate effectively…well, this is a billion dollar question in the minds of most people for whom communication is part of their professional or personal existence. A gifted communicator is not necessarily the most effective one, and vice versa. Being articulate and stylish in one’s communication can help to make an impact to an extent. 
 However, it is the effective communicator whose impact lasts, because the effective communicator communicates what needs to be communicated, in the right measure, and with the accurate and exact choice of words. This communication may not be grandiloquent, may not consist of the most elegant words, or may not be the most attractive one, too. 
 The test of communication is in how effective it is, rather than how stylish it is. David Rohlander, author of the bestselling book,  CEO Code  , will, at a webinar that TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the human resources areas, is organizing on March 25, explain all the core aspects of effective communication. 
 To get a thorough understanding of how to cultivate effective communication, please register for this webinar by visiting  TrainHR . 
 
 At this webinar, David will help participants to understand how to use communication to deal with all kinds of people that we meet during the course of everyday life. He will explain how it is a great tool to deal with difficult people, especially when in sales and marketing. Participants of this webinar will learn how to be effective in communicating so that it brings a smile on their client’s face and make every customer happy. 
 David will traverse the road from the broad philosophy of effective communication to how to drill it down to activities in our daily lives to emerge successful as a communicator. 
 He will help the participants explore the five core elements of effective communication, namely trust, respect, understanding, empathy and resolution, out of all of which, the quality of understanding takes the prime position. 
 During the course of this webinar, David will cover the following areas: 
 
 What is Effective Communication? 
 Trust 
 Respect 
 Understanding 
 Empathy 
 Resolution 
 It is an art 
 Personal Agendas 
 Dealing with Difficult Customers and Clients 
 Understanding each Individuals Goals and Fears 
 Learning Specific Techniques to use with others, the Good, Bad and Ugly 
 
 Personnel whose primary area of work involves communication, for whom effective communication is a must, will benefit hugely from this webinar. These include CEO, President, C-Suite Officers, Managers, Supervisors, high potential employees being groomed for advancement, and frontline employees who interface with customers 
 
 About the expert  : 
 David Rohlander is a highly acclaimed Executive Coach at David Rohlander, Inc., David Rohlander. Following the success of this first book,  The CEO Code  , Penguin/Alpha Books asked him to write another,  Idiot 's Guides: Management Skills , which was released in late 2014. 
 Tagged  business strategy ,  Customer Satisfaction ,  Difficult Customers ,  Excellent Customer Service Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 Attracting, Growing and Retaining Millennials 
 November 5, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 It is now well-known that the workforce of the future will be dominated by the Millennials. This generation, the first to grow up with the technological gadgets that we have come to depend on, adapts these technologies with far greater ease than the previous generations, and come with their own characteristics. 
 Since the workplace is going to be filled up by those of this generation, it helps organizations to learn how to make the best use of the talents and abilities the Millennials bring. This can be both a challenge and an opportunity for organizations’ HR. 
 Organizations should build the image of being millennial-friendly and brand themselves accordingly. The aim should be to create an organization that the Millennials like to work in. Organizations should understand what the Millennials prefer and how they like to learn and develop themselves. 
 A webinar from TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the human resources areas, will show how to do this. Lynn Ware, CEO and President, Integral Talent Systems, Inc., will be the expert at this webinar, which is being organized on November 20. Please visit  TrainHR  to enroll for this webinar. 
 
 The aim of this practical and interactive session is to help the participants understand the ways of recruiting the Millennials. Dr. Ware will show how to design their recruiting process in a manner that attracts millennial applicants. Next, she will show the ways of developing their talents and retaining them for a longer period than usual. She will also explain how organizations can brand themselves as a preferred place the Millennials want to work in. 
 Also explained is how to put in an integrated career development strategy for Millennials, and what components should go into such a strategy. Participants will also learn the ways of identifying highly effective leadership practices that help engage and retain millennial talent. 
 At this webinar, Dr. Ware will cover the following areas: 
 
 Share research findings on what attracts and retains Millennial compared to other generations 
 Explore employment policies such as flexible work schedules 
 Build a Millennial sticky employment brand for your organization 
 Consider how to modify your organization's existing development methods for early career workers 
 Create more effective management practices relevant to Millennials 
 Create an action plan for creating a more Millennial centric work environment 
 
 
 About the speaker  : 
 Dr. Lynn B. Ware is an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist and thought leader who has practiced for over thirty years in the talent management field. She has designed, developed and implemented career development systems in partnership with several Best Place to Work organizations such as Google and Scripps Medical Center. 
 Dr. Ware has experience designing, implementing and measuring a wide variety of integrated talent management solutions in the consumer products, energy, financial services, health care, technology, manufacturing and retail industries. She is frequently quoted on trends in talent management in numerous publications such as the Associated Press, San Francisco Chronicle, Harvard Business Review, and Computer World magazine, and has been featured several times on CNN as a global talent management expert. 
 Tagged  career advice ,  Career tips ,  managing millennials at workplace ,  millennials at workplace ,  workplace diversity Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 Harness your Energy - Build your Resilience - Lessons to De-stress, Decompress and Gain More Life 
 October 15, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 Stress and anxiety are an indispensable side effect of our professional and personal lives. Almost no one is exempt from these. It is estimated that 20% of the people experience a mental health issue at some point of time in their lives. About a sixth of employees take off from work or school to deal with a mental health issue. If stress levels are such that they have consequences of such a profound nature, isn’t it time to do something about it? 
 Beverly Beuermann-King, an HR professional who specializes in working with people and organizations who want to control their reactions to stress, build resiliency against life's challenges and live healthy, will, at a webinar show how to cultivate the mind-set for handling stress through the S-O-S method. 
 This webinar, which is being organized by TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the areas of human resources on October 25, is aimed at teaching its participants how to effectively manage their energy in order to be productive, motivated and happy. It will offer them a few practical tips that they can use while at work. Please visit  TrainHR  to gain the valuable learning imparted at this webinar. 
 
 Anger, irritability and anxiety are but a few manifestations of stress. Stress is a fact of life, and nothing can be done about it. But we certainly can change the way we look at it and handle it. It requires resilience, focus and support. This webinar will explain how to attain all these using the S-O-S method. This method is aimed at helping people harnessing their energies and become resilient, which will help cope with bad situations. 
 It goes beyond being at the gym or taking a jog. It goes beyond even eating right. Discover the wonders of this outlook at this webinar, which has been designed to foster self-awareness among participants, imbibe them with new skills and tools to increase their energy, and encourage them to commit to a change. 
 These are the areas that this webinar will cover: 
 
 Proactively identify the various changes and challenges that are zapping their energy and negatively impacting their life 
 Understand the different types of stress busters that can be performed in the workplace that can release the physical effects of stress, protect your health and enable you to relax more and feel better 
 Recognize your energy cycle, avoid the afternoon slump and work with your body's natural rhythms instead of against them to recharge yourself throughout the day 
 Utilize various resiliency strategies based on the S-O-S Principle TM to increase and restore energy such as power foods and adequate sleep 
 Utilize deep breathing as a primary relaxation and focusing technique, perform several types of 'deskercises' that can relieve tension and avoid various obstacles that prevent using the stress buster strategies. 
 
 
 About the expert  : Beverly is one of less than seventy Canadians to have earned their Certified Speaking Professional designation. A sought-after media spokesperson, she has made over 500 television and radio appearances on shows such as City TV and CBC, and in national publications from the Toronto Star newspaper to Chatelaine magazine. 
 For over 20 years, Beverly has used her S-O-S Principle with people and organizations who want to control their reactions to stress, build resiliency against life’s challenges, and live healthy, successful lives. 
 Beverly launched her company, R ‘n B Consulting, in 1995, and since then she has helped teams from a wide range of industries (including healthcare, education, government agencies, finance, and not-for-profit) to shift from stressed out to resilient, enabling them to be happier, engaged, and successful. 
 Tagged  Career Development ,  Career tips ,  Employee motivation ,  employee productivity ,  work-life balance Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 Transition from Peer to Supervisor 
 July 26, 2019July 26, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 A promotion may be the reward for an employee’s dedication, hard work, passion and discipline or much else. However, while it instils a feeling of great positivity in the employee who gets promoted, the same cannot be said about the colleagues she supersedes in getting promoted! The envy, the unease and the cantankerous feeling that a promotion could arouse in the rest of the team is not the best of feelings to encounter. 
 Yet, if the promoted colleague has to work with those same colleagues, it calls for adapting an altogether different outlook. The promoted employee has to motivate these jealous teammates and take them along, a challenge by any stretch of imagination. 
 How does the newly promoted employee do this? How does she ensure that every one of the uncomfortable team members is in the boat with her? This is the crucial learning a sixty-minute webinar from TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for all the areas of human resources, is going to teach. 
 Tonia Morris, Founder of Simply HR, LLC a consultant and management firm, will be the expert at this webinar, which is scheduled for August 6. Kindly visit  https://www.trainhr.com/webinar/transition-from-peer-to-supervisor-702535LIVE  to enroll for this valuable session. 
 This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 Viewing this webinar, its entirety qualifies for a recertification credit hour that may be counted toward SHRM-CP and SHRM-SCP recertification from SHRM. Credit is awarded based on the actual educational time spent in the program. 
 
 The critical role communication plays in preventing and resolving many of the issues arising in managing a team which the supervisor was a part of, will be explained at this webinar. The ways in which boundaries need to be set, the ways by which to make communication effective, the manner in which to build trust and respect, and choosing the right manner in which positive feedback can be offered to peers and colleagues, are some of the topics that the expert will take up at this session. Tonia will help the newly promoted supervisors understand the ways by which to overcome their most pressing issues. 
 She will cover the following areas at this webinar: 
 
 How to Communicate more Effectively as a Supervisor 
 When to be Flexible and when to Stand Firm 
 Steps to Build Trust and Gain Respect 
 How to Develop your Own Personal Management Style 
 How to Set Boundaries with Coworkers/Peers 
 How to Deal with Uncomfortable Situations 
 How to Motivate Others to Achieve Results. 
 
 This webinar is aimed at benefiting Managers, Supervisors, Leaders, Human Resource Professional and Shift Leaders or Team. 
 
 About the speaker  : 
 Tonia Morris, who calls herself “your Generational Connector”, owns her speaking and training company. An accomplished speaker, Tonia offers leaders training solutions that cultivate a generationally-inclusive work place. 
 She has partnered with organizations such as Chick-fil-A, Oracle, Spelman and Kennesaw University to name a few, to bring training solutions for engaging Millennials in the workplace, working with leaders to transform their cultures by attracting, developing and retaining a workforce that is generationally inclusive. 
 With more than 20+ years of progressive HR experience, Tonia provides keynote speeches, lunch-and-learns, and workshops for organizations and associations across the Southeast. 
 Tagged  business management ,  Supervisor Leave a comment 
 Career Development 
 Attracting, Growing and Retaining Millennials 
 June 4, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 The Millennials are the latest generation at the American workforce, which is now home to an amazing five different generations. The Millennials, born roughly in the early 1980’s and reaching their early adulthood in the early 2000’s, are unique in one sense: they are born and are growing almost conterminously with the explosion in the present-day technologies and all their attendant spinoffs, such as the social media. 
 As they are set to make up the largest chunk of the American workforce in the very immediate future, it is necessary for organizations to understand how to harness their talents and energies for the better of the organization. HR has to understand their qualities and characteristics and has to create a Millennials-friendly workplace that enhances their skills and abilities. 
 How do organizations do this? What are the ways by which they brand their organizations as ones that are amiable to the Millennials? This interesting and valuable learning can be gained at a webinar that is being organized by TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the human resources areas, on June 19. 
 Dylan Gilstein, who handles client support and research at Integral Talent Systems Inc., will be the expert at this webinar. Please visit  http://bit.ly/2WMSoGq  to register for this session. This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 
 At this webinar, the speaker will help the participants gain insights into how to build an employment brand that appeals to the Millennial workforce, which improves the quality of applicants they receive, especially for technology talent, which is all the harder to find. 
 He will share his knowledge, which is the result of research into what Millennials want in their employee work experience, with the participants of this session. This is going to be a practical and interactive webinar at which the participants will be taught how to: 
 
 Create a recruiting process that attracts more and better suited millennial applicants than the competition 
 Devise ways by which to develop the Millennials, and 
 Retain them for a longer than average tenure. 
 
 In learning how to brand their organization as a preferred place for the Millennials, participants will understand how to motivate and develop this generation of workers. Dylan will show how to understand Millennial learning preferences. Participants will be given an understanding of the components that make up an integrated career development strategy for Millennials at their organization. They will be able to identify the most effective leadership practices for engaging and retaining millennial talent. 
 He will cover the following areas at this webinar: 
 
 Share research findings on what attracts and retains Millennial compared to other generations 
 Explore employment policies such as flexible work schedules 
 Build a Millennial sticky employment brand for your organization 
 Consider how to modify your organization's existing development methods for early career workers 
 Create more effective management practices relevant to Millennials 
 Create an action plan for creating a more Millennial centric work environment 
 
 This webinar is of high value to those who deal with the Millennials on a regular basis, and these include recruiters, learning professionals, talent managers, leadership development experts, internal communications experts, and line business managers. 
 
 About the expert  : Dylan hosts the ITS Talent Talk Tuesday series and conducts frequent webinars on a variety of talent management topics. He has a special interest in leadership development and has spearheaded a six-month ITS research project on how to best develop millennial leaders. Dylan’s specialization is Industrial/Organizational Psychology. 
 Tagged  millennial Career Development Plan ,  millennial friendly work environment tips ,  Millennial Workforce ,  millennials career development Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  human resources management 
 Strategic Thinking Is More Than the Big Picture 
 May 23, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 We all know the importance of strategic thinking. This is the thinking that will grow organizations into leaders in their industry or spheres. Many managers are busy with far too many daily routines and activities that consume most of their time and allow little time to concentrate on the strategic. 
 Tasks are no doubt important, but one should not get bogged down too much into them to lose sight of the big picture. Losing sight of the strategic results in total breakdown for the organization, which will just be doing things routinely without growing. The challenge for managers and leaders is to balance the tactical with the strategic. 
 Visualizing the strategic goal and then determining how to get there is what leadership is expected to do. A leader who wants to get to the next level and also take the organization there has to be strategic in her thinking. She has to bring in a strategic perspective. 
 What is this strategic perspective? It combines business insight with knowledge of the industry. It makes use of competitive information. It goes beyond bringing in a global perspective, and combines strategic skillsets with the tactical. 
 So, how does a leader inculcate strategic thinking? This will be taught at a webinar that TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the human resources arenas, will be organizing on June 13. Valerie Pelan, President of Integrated Focus, will be the expert at this webinar. 
 Please register for this sixty-minute webinar by visiting  http://bit.ly/2WsLVAF . 
 
 This webinar is aimed at benefiting personnel such as Leaders, Managers, Individual Contributors, High Potentials, and Baby Boomers, i.e., anyone who is already performing a strategic role or will be called upon to do so. 
 Valerie will cover the following areas at this webinar: 
 
 Definition of strategic - but it is more than a simple definition 
 Its more than global perspective 
 It includes Business Acumen 
 Industry and competitive analysis - understand your company's industry and competitors 
 Distinguish between the short term and long-term company financials 
 Tools include: SWOT analysis and Blue Ocean Strategy 
 Compare leadership skills with manager skills 
 Leader focuses on big picture while the manager focuses on tactical actions. 
 
 
 About the expert  : Valerie has been consulting and providing Executive coaching for over 10 years. Her company provides leadership coaching to leaders and high potentials. Her areas of expertise are executive presence, career transitioning and leading change. 
 She provides her corporate clients with a strategic and global perspective that combines her business experience working in Fortune 100 companies and her experience as an entrepreneur. She works with the owners and executive teams in mid-sized companies providing Strategic Planning and communication skills. 
 Tagged  business blogs ,  business management ,  business strategy ,  Business tips ,  Career tips Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 How to Attract, Retain & Engage Millennials 
 May 14, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 This is the age of the Millennials, more so at the American workplace. This is the generation that is beginning to dominate the workforce, and is set to become the largest group among the generations of the employees at the workplace soon. 
 How do organizations learn to not only manage the new workforce, which has grown with the technologies and gadgets that have profoundly impacted our world, but is also very visually oriented in its learning and is known to have a very limited attention span? Do the Millennials bring a special or unique talent or characteristic that marks them out from the previous generations, and do they need nurturing if organizations can get the best out of them? 
 All these and more will be the learning from a webinar that TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the areas of human resources, will be offering. At this webinar, being organized on June 5, the expert, Tonia Morris, Founder of Simply HR, LLC, will explain how to effectively attract the Millennials to your organizations by understanding what they look for in their careers. 
 Please enroll for this session by visiting  http://bit.ly/2vUUi8T  . This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 
 The core matter of this webinar is a discussion of what the Millennials consider important for their career growth. The expert will offer understanding on this crucial aspect and show and how to retain top talent from this generation. The main objective of this webinar is to provide some insights on what you need to do to reduce turnover, engage your employees and increase productivity and morale in your workplace. 
 The speaker will seek to answer any questions that the participants may have on attracting, retaining and engaging the Millennials. The attendees will walk away with an understanding of the expectations that the Millennials have in today's workplace and how to attract and retain what is set to become the largest generation in the workplace. 
 Tonia will seek to help the participants understand and resolve issues arising out of issues such as high turnover, disengaged employees, low productivity, and low morale. 
 In this session, which is aimed at the benefit of those who deal with this generation at the workplace, such as Human Resource Manager, HR Generalist, Business Owners, Managers and Consultants, Tonia will cover the following areas: 
 
 How to effectively attract Millennials to your organization 
 What the Millennials’ job expectations are (retaining them) 
 The best way to communicate with the Millennials 
 How to keep them and engage them. 
 
 
 About the expert  : Tonia describes herself as a “Generational Connector”. The company she founded, Simply HR, LLC, is not only a consultant and management firm; it is also a speaking and training company. 
 Predictably, Tonia is at home with speaking and providing leaders with training solutions that cultivate a generationally-inclusive workplace. Her observation of the diversity and generational gaps in the workplace made her determined to start an organization of her own in which she could offer solutions to problems arising from this situation. 
 With more than 20+ years of progressive HR experience, Tonia provides keynote speeches, lunch-and-learns, and workshops for organizations and associations across the Southeast. 
 Tagged  millennial friendly work environment tips ,  millennial generation at workplace ,  Millennial Workforce ,  millennials career development Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 Attracting, Growing and Retaining Millennials 
 May 6, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 The generational spread that characterizes the American workforce today is unprecedented: it consists of no fewer than five generations. Quite naturally, the latest entrant into this workforce, the Millennials, will be the dominant group as the others start to phase out. They are set to constitute almost three fourths of the total workforce by 2025, an estimate made out by the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
 Hiring, retaining and getting the best out of the Millennials is a challenge that organizations face now. New generations have been entering the workforce from the beginning, but the Millennials are the first generation that was born contemporaneously with the onset of new technologies such as the internet and the many spinoffs it has brought in its wake, such as the social media, online learning and many more. 
 The Millennials are characterized by impulsiveness and a lack of attention, and a flair for the visual medium. These, plus other factors that mark them out, need to be factored in when inducting them into the workforce. This makes learning of the ways to handle them an imperative for organizations. If they have to derive the best that the Millennials offer, organizations’ HR has to learn how to optimize the organization’s resources by leveraging the unique strengths that the Millennials bring into the workforce. 
 The ways by which they can do this will be the learning a webinar that is being organized by TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the human resources areas, on May 15. The speaker of this sixty-minute session is Lynn Ware, CEO and President, Integral Talent Systems, Inc. 
 Kindly visit  http://bit.ly/2JjESDl  to enroll for this webinar. This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 
 The core of the learning taught at this webinar is the ways by which organizations can brand themselves as being Millennial-friendly. Dr. Ware will show the preferred ways in which Millennials like to learn and develop themselves (Millennial learning preferences). She will help participants discover the components of an integrated career development strategy for Millennials at their organization. She will help them identify leadership practices that are effective in engaging and retaining millennial talent. 
 Since this generation is closely associated with technology, an organization that wants to hire millennials needs to pitch itself as one that appeals to this generation by showcasing the technological innovations it adapts. Dr. Ware will explain the findings of research that has tried to understand what Millennials look for in their employee work experience. This is going to be a highly practical and interactive session in which participants will learn how to manage their recruiting process to attract millennial applicants over the competition, how to develop them and to retain them longer than average. 
 Dr. Ware will cover the following areas at this session: 
 
 Share research findings on what attracts and retains Millennial compared to other generations 
 Explore employment policies such as flexible work schedules 
 Build a Millennial sticky employment brand for your organization 
 Consider how to modify your organization's existing development methods for early career workers 
 Create more effective management practices relevant to Millennials 
 Create an action plan for creating a more Millennial centric work environment. 
 
 Recruiters, Learning Professionals, Talent Managers, Leadership Development Experts, Internal Communications Experts, and Line Business Managers-personnel who are closely associated with the recruitment and onboarding of employees, and who will be required to deal with Millennials, will benefit immensely from this webinar. 
 
 About the speaker  : Dr. Lynn Ware is an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist and thought leader who has practiced for over thirty years in the talent management field. She has designed, developed and implemented career development systems in partnership with several Best Place to Work organizations such as Google and Scripps Medical Center. 
 She is frequently quoted on trends in talent management in numerous publications such as the Associated Press, San Francisco Chronicle, Harvard Business Review, and Computer World magazine, and has been featured several times on CNN as a global talent management expert. 
 Tagged  millennial Career Development Plan ,  Millennial Workforce ,  millennials career development Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 Transition from Peer to Supervisor 
 March 13, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 Gaining promotion and ascending the ranks in the organization is a great feeling. It doesn’t happen to everyone easily. Many have to toil for it and earn it. While this is a well-deserved promotion, it brings with it a dilemma for the newly-promoted employee: how to deal with peers, the very colleagues who she would have superseded to phase into the new position. 
 This can be tricky at times because of various reasons. When an employee gets promoted, it is not always going to be a pleasant feeling for many or all of her colleagues. Competition, lack of cooperation, jealousy, backbiting and all such negative traits can come to the fore when the colleagues are not comfortable with the rise of one of their own, to whom they would have to report in the future. 
 The challenge is to maintain cordiality and avoid and prevent bad blood among the team members. The newly promoted employee needs to motivate the team and manage it effectively if it has to be a high performance team. How does she ensure that the team members are going to perform well when they are waiting for an opportunity to bring the new supervisor down? 
 The ways of doing this is the learning a webinar from TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for all the areas of human resources, will impart. At this session, Tonia Morris, Founder of Simply HR, LLC a consultant and management firm, will be the speaker. Please register for this webinar by visiting  http://bit.ly/2FbiGZD  . 
 At this 60-minute session, Tonia will emphasize the importance of communication in preventing and resolving many of the issues concerning how to manage a team of which the new supervisor was a part till the promotion. She will show how to set boundaries, how to communicate effectively, how to build trust and respect, and how to provide positive feedback to peers and colleagues. She will show how to overcome the most pressing challenges newly promoted supervisors face. 
 This webinar, from which personnel in positions such as Managers, Supervisors, Leaders, Human Resource Professional and Shift Leaders or Team will benefit immensely, will cover the following areas: 
 
 How to Communicate more Effectively as a Supervisor 
 When to be Flexible and when to Stand Firm 
 Steps to Build Trust and Gain Respect 
 How to Develop your Own Personal Management Style 
 How to Set Boundaries with Coworkers/Peers 
 How to Deal with Uncomfortable Situations 
 How to Motivate Others to Achieve Results. 
 
 
 About the speaker  : 
 Tonia Morris, who calls herself “your Generational Connector”, owns her speaking and training company. An accomplished speaker, Tonia offers leaders training solutions that cultivate a generationally-inclusive work place. 
 She has partnered with organizations such as Chick-fil-A, Oracle, Spelman and Kennesaw University to name a few, to bring training solutions for engaging Millennials in the workplace, working with leaders to transform their cultures by attracting, developing and retaining a workforce that is generationally inclusive. 
 With more than 20+ years of progressive HR experience, Tonia provides keynote speeches, lunch-and-learns, and workshops for organizations and associations across the Southeast. 
 Tagged  leadership challenges ,  leadership skills Leave a comment 
 Career Development ,  Human Resources Training 
 The Millennial Workforce: How Smart Companies Engage and Tap Their Entrepreneurial Energy 
 March 12, 2019March 12, 2019   Trainhr Training 
 In this present scenario at the American workforce, where, as the Deloitte Millennial Survey, released in January 2014 shows, Millennials will make up nearly half the workforce by next year; there is a pressing need for employers to devise the right strategies to hire, retain and optimize this major chunk. 
 A few facts about the Millennials are well known. For instance, being the first generation to be almost contemporaneously born with the new technologies that are influencing our world; they are prone to very short attention spans and are more likely to rely on the visual medium to grasps concepts better. These apart, what is also striking about them is the fact that they hate working in a bureaucratic environment and love to be independent at work. 
 Being highfliers, they don’t like to be confined to the workplace for long. They love to be enterprising and will move to more rewarding opportunities much faster than the previous generations did. The criteria they usually consider for higher rewards include autonomy, freedom to be creative, and the opportunity for making an impact. 
 This makes it imperative for managers of the present-day organizations to create the right environment for this segment of the workforce if they have to leverage their skills and knowledge. The aim of doing this is obvious: to be in a position to better marshal their talent to make them more productive for the organization. 
 Thorough learning of how to handle the Millennials at the workplace 
 It is this knowledge that will be the core of a learning session that TrainHR, a leading provider of professional training for the human resources areas, is offering at a webinar. At this webinar, Marcia Zidle, CEO of Leaders At All Levels, will be the speaker. Please visit  http://bit.ly/2Hc8QZu  to register for this highly valuable session. 
 Marcia will show how organizations can create the entrepreneurial spirit in both large and small companies and help managers bring about employee engagement, innovation and retention from the millennial workforce. She will cover the following areas: 
 
 Define engagement and identify the three types of employees 
 Recognize the myths and the realities of the millennial workforce 
 Discover why millennials are great candidates for intrapreneurship 
 Review examples of intrapreneurship in large, medium and small size companies 
 Recognize the type of culture that encourages innovation and intrapreneurship 
 Discover why the manager is the key for employee engagement, innovation and retention 
 Review five management techniques that will lead to better communication and results with Millennials. 
 
 
 About the speaker  : 
 With over 25 years of management, business consulting and international experience in the areas of business transformation, talent management and leadership development, she provides strategic focus, alignment and guidance to business leaders and their teams to ensure they get on the right track, stay on the right track and not get side-tracked in their drive for higher performance and profitability. 
 Marcia's expertise includes coaching high performers for senior and mid-management positions, developing effective executive teams, positioning organizations for significant growth and facilitating business and team performance. Her specialties include strategy and culture, change management, employee engagement, team building, career management, leadership assessment and development. 
 Tagged  employee engagement ,  Millennial Workforce ,  millennials career development Leave a comment 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Change Leadership: The Top Four Skills and the Top Four Steps to Deal With Change During These Uncertain Times 
 Strategic Planning for Working Remotely 
 How to Welcome, Engage, and Retain New Employees with Your In-Person and Virtual On-boarding Strategy in 2020 
 Being a Successful HR Department of One 
 Flexible Work Arrangements: The Future of Employment 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 
 Categories 
 
 business communication 
 Career Development 
 change management 
 Civility in the Workplace 
 employee engagement 
 Employee Handbook 
 employee onboarding 
 employee performance evaluation 
 employment law 
 hiring 
 HR audits 
 hr best practices 
 HR compliance 
 hr policies 
 Human Capital 
 human resources management 
 Human Resources Policies 
 Human Resources Training 
 interview 
 Interview training 
 Leadership 
 leadership and management 
 organizational culture 
 payroll best practices 
 Project Management 
 Strategic Planning 
 Succession planning 
 Time Management 
 Training & Development 
 Virtual Team management 
 workforce management 
 workplace conflict resolution 
 Workplace dress code 
 workplace Harassment 
 workplace Mentoring 
 Workplace Wellness Program 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
