Skip to content 
 
  The Speaker Momma  
 No boundaries, no inhibitions, just a feel-good blog about plentiful cool things 
 Menu 
 
 My Talk Tales 
 Deutschland Life 
 Daredevil Divas 
 I’m World Tour 
 
 Travel Tips 
 European Holidays 
 Mystic Asia 
 
 
 2Cook4U 
 
 Dummies Cooking 
 
 
 Reviews 
 
 Movies 
 Dine & Stay 
 
 
 Arts&Craft 
 
 Knife Painting 
 
 The Indian Touch 
 
 
 
 
 About me 
 
 Tag: How can I get a job in Germany 
 How to get a job in Germany? - Part 3 
 We have also tried to answer some random questions here.. 1) Is settling in Germany difficult like In US? As of today, June 2017, the visa processes in Germany are relatively simpler. If you have a well paying job and German B1, it is possible to get the Permanent resident card in 21 months. This… 
 Read More 
 
 How to get a job in Germany? Part 1 
 If you are dreaming to get a job in Germany, this post might guide you on the right approach. As an expat living in Germany, these are based on my experience and are definitely not fixed guidelines. 1) Do I need to know German? The answer is YES and NOT REALLY. For anyone to basically… 
 Read More 
 
 Search for: 
 What's Here? 
 What's Here? Select Category Around Europe  (9) Around the world  (8)    Asian adventure  (2)    Travel tips  (2) Art & Decor  (1)    Indian touch  (1) Daredevil Divas  (1) Knife painting  (1) On the plate  (2)    Dummies Cooking  (2) Peek into my tales  (12) Review  (4)    Hotel review  (1)    Movie reviews  (3) Uncategorized  (3) 
 Blog Stats 
 
 15,119 hits 
 
 Chalking my Tales.. 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Chalk Talk Tales 
 
 Chalk Talk Tales 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Terracotta secret 
 Path to crack German B1 
 I'm World Tour 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 328 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow The Speaker Momma on WordPress.com 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
