Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Program Advisor II 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday - Friday 8:30am - 4:30pm; 35 hrs/wk 
Education Level Bachelor's Degree in a related field of study 
Career Level Requires 2 years of relevant experience. 
 Job Description 
 JD # 
 JD01015 
 Pay Grade: 
7 
 Title: 
Academic Program Advisor II 
 Unit/Project Description: 
The Bachelor of Health Sciences (Honours) Program, in Education Services, is seeking an experienced Academic Program Advisor to provide academic advice to its students, as well as administrative support to the program and its students. Working with a vibrant team, the incumbent will report to the Program Manager and Assistant Dean. 
 Job Summary: 
Responsible for providing accurate and informed academic advice to students at a program or department level which requires a thorough knowledge of program or department regulations, including University regulations as it pertains to course and program requirements. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Identify and analyze problems with the program and prepare recommendations for review and approval. 
Collect, analyze, assess, and summarize information relevant to the decision making process and develop recommendations for final approval and implementation. 
Advise registered and prospective students of program options and requirements which requires maintaining knowledge of course and program curriculum. 
Develop customized strategies to assist students who are not academically eligible to continue in their program. 
Assess the student’s academic, career, and personal stage of development and promote student growth by determining suitable developmental tasks. 
Ensure that students understand that all course and program selections adhere to established academic, prerequisite, and graduation requirements for the program. 
Assess student priority for limited registration in courses and provide suitable alternatives to meet degree requirements. 
Administer course permissions for student registration and collaborate with other Faculties and Programs to assist students seeking course permissions in other Departments. 
Review student requests for course overloads and to register in a course conflict. 
Provide guidance and information to students regarding appropriate procedures and policies. 
Modify, customize and maintain accurate customized reports to reflect current and past degree requirements. 
Review and rank supplementary applications for the purpose of applicant selection and provide recommendations to the committee. 
Provide students with information regarding program policies and information about program requirements. 
Review, evaluate, and provide recommendations on applications to ensure students are eligible to transfer into, continue in, and graduate from the program. 
Investigate questions and resolve problems concerning program, curricula, and admissions. 
Act as a mediator between faculty and students when dealing with various issues such as special accommodations, scheduling conflicts, and grades. 
Gather and compile information required for a variety of documents and reports such as program accreditation, enrolment, and degree audits. 
Deliver workshops and trainings to program students. 
Coordinate a variety of processes and activities, including but not limited to, exams and grade submissions. 
Write a variety of documents such as correspondence, reports, and procedure manuals. 
Contribute to the development of student surveys and disseminate surveys to applicable groups. 
Mediate extensions, accommodations, and exam deferrals on behalf of the student where there are extenuating circumstances. 
Review applications for a variety of scholarship competitions and ensure they contain the required information and meet the defined eligibility requirements. 
Notify applicants of the status of their application. 
Monitor budgets and reconcile accounts. Complete financial forms including travel expense reports, electronic cheque requisitions, purchase orders and journal entries. 
Develop marketing and advertising brochures for a variety of purposes, functions, and events. Promote the program to visitors and representatives both internal and external to the University. 
Represent the program at various recruitment events, including information sessions and fairs. 
Create content for the program website. Assist with updating Update information and maintaining the website. 
Plan and coordinate a variety of departmental events and activities. 
Prepare and work in consultation with faculty and staff to coordinate the program timetable. Ensure that there are no conflicts with student timetables and work with the Office of the Registrar to resolve course conflicts. 
Update and maintain information in a variety of databases and spreadsheets. 
Enter grade submissions and grade changes for Project and Thesis based courses. 
Respond to inquiries regarding programs, admissions, course selection, registration, and liase with faculty and other University departments. 
Respond and refer students to appropriate resources, information, and services across the University. 
Review and process requests for Letters of Permission permitting students to complete appropriate courses at other universities. 
Deal sensitively, responsibly, and calmly with students who present with serious medical, social, and psychological issues, and refer to appropriate care. 
Collaborate with others to develop academic plans for students with identified disabilities and advise on appropriate course selection, load, and request for accommodation. 
Gather and calculate necessary information including sessional and grade point averages, and enrolment statistics. 
Maintain accurate student records and ensure academic advising sessions are properly documented for legal purposes. 
Maintain electronic and hardcopy filing system of student records. 
 Supervision: 
Ensure adherence to quality standards and procedures for short-term staff and volunteers. 
Provide orientation and show procedures to others. 
 Requirements: 
Bachelor's Degree in a related field. 
Requires 2 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
 Position requirements: 
Applicants must be well-versed using a variety of Mosaic components, including all aspects of the Student Records. 
Strong understanding and familiarity with the Risk Management Form/documentation requirements for student projects/thesis courses required by Environmental & Occupational Health Support Services (EOHSS). 
Thorough understanding of the program and University policies and procedures and a demonstrated experience responding independently to inquiries from students, applicants and the public. 
Experience using Mosaic to perform a variety of functions, including, customizing advisement reports, applying transfer credit, processing Letters of Permission and Deferred Exam Requests, as well as updating the Master Timetable. 
Working knowledge and experience with campus support services, as well as collaborating with staff and faculty, including the Registrar's Office. 
Experience identifying and analyzing problems with the program and preparing recommendations for review and approval. 
Proven experience advising registered and prospective students of program options and requirements which requires maintaining knowledge of course and program curriculum. 
Experience investigating questions and resolving problems concerning program, curricula, and admissions. 
Experience using Microsoft Teams, Zoom, Box software and other online platforms. 
 Additional Information: 
This position may require you to work outside of your regular work schedule including evenings and weekends to meet operational demands. 
 We thank you for your application. Please note only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
