  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Jobs in New Plymouth 
 Jobs in New Plymouth 
 Are you qualified to work in New Zealand and looking for a job in New Plymouth? Working In has all the latest vacancies available for foreigners. Whether you're looking for an entry-level position or a full-time job that builds on your experience, we've got a wide variety of excellent job opportunities in New Plymouth. Start browsing our latest job openings today to find your dream role! 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Full-Time Jobs in New Plymouth 
 The New Plymouth and Taranaki region offers plenty of great opportunities for full-time employment. As a key contributor to the national GDP, dairy farming is one of the region's largest sectors of employment. Full-time jobs in this sector are regularly available for skilled candidates. 
 The area is also home to New Zealand's growing oil and gas programmes, with a high demand for candidates who have previous experience working these sectors. Other thriving industries throughout the region include engineering, healthcare and construction. 
 If you are a foreigner hoping to get a full-time job in New Plymouth, you must have the correct visa to work in New Zealand. If you already have a job offer in one of New Zealand's skill shortage industries, you may be able to apply for a resident visa, which will allow you to live and work in New Plymouth indefinitely. 
 You can check the skilled migrant system to discover your eligibility. This points-based system assesses your eligibility based on your age, health, character, qualifications, previous work experience and other relevant factors. For further details about the New Zealand visa process, check out the Immigration New Zealand website. 
 New Plymouth Job Search 
 Working In helps skilled migrants and professionals find the best job opportunities in New Zealand. Our helpful job search tool will allow you to match your specific skills with some of New Plymouth's top employers. Browse our New Plymouth vacancies according to salary range, experience level, location and company name and apply for your next significant role today! 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
