Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Food Service Subcontractor - Duncan 
 Bento Sushi 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
Food Service Subcontractor Opportunity - Duncan, BC 
 Real Canadian Superstore - Cowichan Way & Central Road 
 Have you always dreamt of having your own business? Now is your chance with Bento Sushi. 
 A Subcontractor is an operating partner with Bento Sushi. The Subcontractor runs operations on behalf of Bento with support from the corporate management structure. A working capital of $5000 to $10,000 will be required from the subcontractor. 
 Responsibilities: 
Responsible for the overall day-to-day management and operations including people management, food safety, guest services, sales and food quality. 
Accountable for recruiting, training, development and motivating employees. 
Ensure that the labour and production plans are regularly amended to maximize profitability for each location through a combination of sales optimization and waste control. 
Build and maintain strong customer relationships with store management and third party auditors. 
Provide a high level of guest satisfaction and maintain positive relationships with internal and external customers. 
Create high quality sushi. 
Ensure all operating standards including food safety and quality are adhered to. 
 Qualifications: 
Experience in the Sushi industry 
Ability to lead a team of employees 
Take pride in what you do 
Enjoy a fast paced environment 
Effective English communication skills 
Able to work a flexible schedule including weekends 
 Bento Sushi is North America’s fastest growing sushi company with operations across United States and Canada. We bring together a dynamic team of people with diverse backgrounds, experience and talent, to create an exceptional guest experience. If you are looking to join a fun, friendly and exciting workplace environment where you can truly take pride in your work, the opportunities are endless. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
