Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Top Holiday Practices for Your Business 
 Steven Frey    16th December    Your Job   5 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Top%20Holiday%20Practices%20for%20Your%20Business%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2F5-top-holiday-practices-for-your-business%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This season, there’s a lot to be thankful for. For those of us who don’t have jobs, we have families to care for us and friends that support us. Those of us in business have clients that have stuck with us while some of them left for obvious reasons. Regardless of where you or your business are at, here's a few great ideas that will help you and your business transition into the New Year with a sense of self, direction, and peace of mind using both traditional and non-traditional means. 
 
 Christmas Cards.  Whether you believe in going green or not, you should seriously consider sending a card for the holidays to your clients- either in print or digitally. Now, more than ever, people need reminders of hope from those they know – and reminding them of who you are and how you know them is just as important too. A sample tweet would be: A Christmas Card from us to you ( include your link to your card there). 
 Gifts.  For those clients that truly are the reason you’re still open, let them know. One designer last year sent a large envelope-looking box with 5 candybars, saying “Here’s 5-Hundred Grand. You’re Worth So Much More to Me.” Simple, creative, and touching.This year at  my company , we’re sending out the ever-loved boxes of Clementines which signify our company mascot and logo, the orange. Making the connection personal, relevant, and creative helps. 
 Be Generous.  There are so many worthy organizations out there. I hope you’ve found one that you can continually partner with and give to. My goal is to give 10% of our company profit to organizations locally, nationally, and internationally. It’s one of our values. It should also match yours too.Another great idea is plan to give away your goods / services, but with a generous twist. Have users submit videos of themselves–or another worthy organization they know of–that they'd like see be blessed by your generosity. Planning your Pro-bono accounts is one way to ensure that you're keeping your focus and they don't drain your creativity.Be giving and participating. You’re creating ample opportunity to Twitter about what you’re doing, create buzz and informational-tweets, creating notoriety to both of your organizations. 
 Re-Focus.  This year, many of us have been forced to do spring cleaning – with our stuff, employees or offices, determining who and what are necessary for us to function. In doing so, I’ve realized I still have more stuff than I need. Today, I got rid of some things in my office I didn’t need, specifically, books. 50 books went to Goodwill and the local library; someone may discover something new that I already knew and took for granted. The holiday season is a great time to re-focus your efforts in the next year and consider where you’re going. Namely, what aren’t you doing that you want to do? Now is the time to take risks. If you can make it now, you make it anytime. QCMG is one of three new studios I know of that emerged from last year’s bust, turning a down economy into an up opportunity, solely through perspective and attitude. Start sharing those ideas and plant them. 
 Enlist.  The holidays are a great time to put our your feelers for all the above – ways to be generous, re-focus, and visioneer. Ask your clients, friends, and professional contacts for ideas to all the above and enlist them to participate. You’ll be surprised how many people want to be part of something. 
 
 This season, I hope you spend the time to be generous, refocus, and enlist others in doing so. You’ll find you have more than you need, enough that you want, and everything for a warm and generous holiday. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Business Practices (1) 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 Holiday (4) 
 
 
 Holiday Giving (2) 
 
 
 Top Practices (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Steven Frey  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Other Articles 
 Staeven (@staeven_frey) is a branding / design professional in Nashville, TN. He teaches part time at the Art Institute of Tennessee Nashville and runs a branding studio, Quantum CMG. He loves white mochas, Coke Zero, and things that are orange. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     The Four-Day Workweek: Pros and Cons  
  _ _     The Art of Continuous Self-Development  
  _ _     Room To Breathe: Tips to Get More Done with Less Stress  
 
 Discussion 
 
 5 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 TrafficColeman  on the 16th December 
 
 Reply   
 I send ecards to all my clients and members of my email list on all holidays..it just shows that you are thinking about them..and you appreciate their loyalty. 
 “Black Seo Guy “Signing Off” 
 
 Terry  on the 16th December 
 
 Reply   
 We send Christmas Cards. We also donate small toys to 'Toys for Tots' and other charities here in Texas. Next year I am aiming to give away bigger toys, maybe a bike or power wheels. 
 * **[angelee](http://iamautocomplete.com)** on the 17th December 
 
 that's really very generous of you. that's the true spirit of of the season! 
 
 Jestep  on the 17th December 
 
 Reply   
 For the past 8 years or so, we adopt a few local families for the holiday, usually 1 or 2 with small children and 1 or 2 elderly couples. We're a fairly small business so it's not a huge political issue to do. There's a ton of great programs like blue santa and toys for tots, but this allows a company to really connect with people that have very little or are going through some rough times. It is so much more personal when you meet the people you are going to support for the holiday. I highly recommend trying it for any small business. Even in rough economic times, employees are almost always generous. You can really make someone's holiday doing this. 
 
 Alan Taronna  on the 21st December 
 
 Reply   
 Excellent article, is very important to maintain good relationships with their customers, suppliers and employees. 
 Our company has decided to use tools "traditional" (ecards, DEM, etc. ..) with the help of innovation, it will use a small system on a AR eCard. 
 Merry Christmas to all! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
