Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Beauty Specialist PT 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
3010 Bloor St W, Etobicoke, Ontario, M8X 1C2 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 Does the world of beauty intrigue and inspire you? Do you love connecting with people and educating them on all of the “how-to’s” of beauty? Are you driven by to make a difference in people’s lives? If you are passionate about helping people discover their beauty, feel confident and love how they look, Beauty at a Shoppers Drug Mart store is made for you. So come put your best face forward! 
 Come discover the beauty of working here. 
 Beauty Specialist Job Description 
 If advising on products, application, and new trends excites you, our Beauty Specialists help our customers select the best products and services every day. In this role, you will maximize sales of beauty products and services by providing information, advice, application and instruction, while achieving excellence in sales and customer service. 
 The ideal Beauty Specialist will: 
Identify customers’ needs and sells through demonstration and education; Coaching customers through make-up applications, skin care consultations, and fragrance demonstrations 
Possess a “selling is fun” attitude 
Promote sales of beauty products; provides information on new or existing products and services; conducts demonstrations 
Encouraging customers to participate in the PC Optimum program & other promotions 
Introduce and promote Shoppers Beauty online to customers 
Ensure applicable sales are tracked, and that daily targets are achieved 
Seeks out development opportunities such as through workshop/education sessions to ensure product knowledge is current; Participate in workshop/education sessions and learn through other online offerings to ensure product knowledge is current and up to date I.e. The Academy, vendor schools, YouTube, etc. 
Builds customer loyalty through follow up and repeat business 
Actively use eClienteling to provide superior customer service and maximize sales, and to help reach department targets on all eClienteling metrics 
Actively promote and book appointments for in-Store events 
Demonstrates a professional image, including clean and complete image guidelines, uniform as outlined in Store Standards with name badge, and full make up wearing only cosmetic and fragrance brands that Shoppers Drug Mart Associate’s sells 
 What you Bring: 
Proven consultative skills to provide information, advice and guidance to customers on Shoppers Drug Mart Associate’s beauty products and services 
Selling experience with a proven track record 
Ability to conduct sit down makeup and skincare consultations and demonstrate application 
Strong communication skills to make presentations, instruct individuals and groups on the use of cosmetics 
Commitment to providing excellence in customer service 
Punctual and reliable 
Comfort level learning and implanting daily usage of the in-store tools and applications (ex: iPad, derm tools) 
 Physical Requirements: 
Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends 
Ability to work in a fragrance filled environment 
Ability to lift up to 50 pounds 
Ability to climb ladder 
Ability to bend and stretch to stock shelves 
 Why Work for Us? 
 Each Shoppers Drug Mart store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Associate-Owners recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Join our team. Apply today 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
