WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 2D Artist 
 Ganymede Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 8, 2020 
 Contract 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We’re  Ganymede Games , an independent game studio in Las Cruces, NM, and we’re looking for a 2D artist to join our team. We're a unique mix of industry veterans and people new to the video game industry. We're fun, serious about success and driven to create awesome experiences for players. 
 As the first artist joining, you’ll create and implement creatures, characters, and environments for an unannounced sci-fi RPG for PC/Console platforms. We’ve been prototyping the game for several months now, so you’ll be joining a project that has a strong, clear vision. 
 ‍ 
 This position is full-time and you can work remote. It will remain remote for the foreseeable future (not planning to change post-pandemic). 
 As we’re currently just a small team of three people shipping our first game as a studio, we’re only considering candidates based in North America time zones. We also want to be upfront that because you're the first artist, and we really want to ensure you're fitting in well, this role will start as a contract position for the first 90 days and then convert to full-time if we both think it's an awesome fit. 
 If you’re curious to learn more about the game we’re building, this  player survey  should give you a good idea of the direction we’re headed. We will share more about info about the game to candidates who we move forward with.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 What’s the mission? 
 
 Establish and maintain the overall art style and visual direction for the game 
 Create production-quality 2D art assets, including but not limited to characters, creatures, environments, and UI elements 
 Integrate the art assets into game with P4 and Unity  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Must haves: 
 
 Strong conceptual design and composition skills, and a great sense of colour, lighting, perspective, and anatomy 
 Highly entrepreneurial mindset ready to wear a lot of different hats as needed 
 Experience with modern game engines (our game is in Unity, but UE4 experience is great, too) 
 Art portfolio that demonstrates both your creativity and craft as an artist 
 Proficient with Adobe Creative Suite software 
 You love RPGs  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Nice to haves: 
 
 Character animation experience in Spine or equivalent 
 Shipped one video game from concept to completion 
 A love of the sci-fi genre  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 To apply: 
 
 Send your resume, cover letter, and portfolio (online only) to  explore@ganymede.games 
 We’ll take notice of a well-written cover letter that shows you did your homework on Ganymede and explains why you’re interested in joining our team. We’d love to hear about your favorite games, sci-fi movies/documentaries, and personal hobbies, so tell us about what gets you most passionate! 
 If we’re interested in moving forward with your application, we will contact you in January to continue the process, which will include an art test 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About Ganymede Games 
 We are Ganymede Games, an independent games studio in Las Cruces, NM. We create worlds that inspire exploration, adventures that spark curiosity, and unique gameplay that respects your time and busy lives. We promise to craft experiences you will want to share with others both in-game and out of game. 
 Ganymede Games was formed by industry veterans. Our team is composed of seasoned gamers, adventure seekers, nature enthusiasts and animal lovers whose passion for exploring new worlds infuses everything we do. We value humility, passion, curiosity, learning and healthy doses of creative risk-taking and personal adventure. 
 Having worked together around the globe from Los Angeles to Cyprus at companies like Riot Games and Wargaming, co-founders Jerry Prochazka and Rob Thompson are joined by developers who left the high costs and noise of the high-tech cities for an affordable, high quality of life with plenty of local biomes to explore. 
 Learn More About Ganymede Games'  Promise and Values . 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
