Jobs In A Jiffy 
 Some thoughts about work and the workplace 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Startup Resources 
 
 Author Archives:  jobsinajiffy 
 <- Older posts 
 The art of managing tricky office relationships 
 Posted on  January 17, 2015  by  jobsinajiffy 
 You need to be doubly careful when it comes to handling workplace ties, since both the relationship with colleagues and your career is at stake. Here is how you can negotiate difficult office relationships that could otherwise prevent you from …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  HR ,  Workplace  | Tagged  office relationships  |  Leave a comment 
 Avoid These Productivity Drags 
 Posted on  December 16, 2014  by  jobsinajiffy 
 So, we received this email recently and decided to share it with our readers. Thanks to the email sender - you know who you are 🙂 Being productive isn't easy, regardless of how badly you'd like to be and how …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Workplace  | Tagged  prioritizing ,  productivity  |  Leave a comment 
 The turning tide - startups gaining currency in the talent market 
 Posted on  November 15, 2014  by  jobsinajiffy 
 Source: The Economic Times - November 11, 2014 While 39% organisations lost top talent to start-ups in just the past 6 months, overall, 45 per cent of companies surveyed agreed that they had lost their choicest & top talent to …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Recruitment ,  Startup Hiring  | Tagged  hiring trends ,  startups  |  Leave a comment 
 10 easy tips for conflict resolution 
 Posted on  August 26, 2013  by  jobsinajiffy 
 We received these tips in an email and are not sure of the source. However, the tips are sensible and easy to follow and definitely worth sharing with you. One of the most common and frustrating impediments to productivity …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  | Tagged  conflict resolution ,  Workplace  |  Leave a comment 
 Fight, flight or fess up? How to deal with making a mistake at work. 
 Posted on  May 14, 2013  by  jobsinajiffy 
 When Ariana Gupta (name changed), a star performer with an financial services firm, made a goof-up in her research report, she was initially tempted to run away and hide. Instead, she recovered by communicating the mistake and charting out the …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  | Tagged  mistakes ,  trust ,  Workplace  |  Leave a comment 
 Cost-to-company (CTC)? Income Tax? Taxable Income?? (Video) 
 Posted on  January 17, 2013  by  jobsinajiffy 
 So, we were waiting for a client at a coffee shop and happened to overhear a young man at the next table speaking with his friends regarding his first job. Naturally, being newly employed, he was excited about the work …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  | Tagged  CTC calculation ,  HR policies ,  take-home salary ,  taxable income  |  Leave a comment 
 Quick Tips - Ace Your Job Interview 
 Posted on  January 14, 2013  by  jobsinajiffy 
 As a jobseeker, you put in countless hours cutting, pruning and refining your CV. You also spend an equal amount of time hunting down openings, networking and applying for jobs. And finally, your effort bears fruit in the form of …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Leave a comment 
 Infographic: The Real Cost of a Bad Hire 
 Posted on  October 9, 2012  by  jobsinajiffy 
 Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  | Tagged  hiring ,  recruitment ,  startups  |  Leave a comment 
 Dear Failure, Happy Teacher's Day! 
 Posted on  September 5, 2012  by  jobsinajiffy 
 Why Failure Is Good for Success The sweetest victory is the one that’s most difficult. The one that requires you to reach down deep inside, to fight with everything you’ve got, to be willing to leave everything out there on …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  | Tagged  failure ,  fear ,  mindset ,  success ,  teacher  |  Leave a comment 
 Startup Hiring - Mistakes You Might Tend To make 
 Posted on  June 6, 2012  by  jobsinajiffy 
 For startups, hiring remains a perennial problem area. If you are an entrepreneur and are looking to hire for your startup, there are some mistakes which you need to avoid. The Power of Ideas website from Economic Times has listed …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  HR ,  Recruitment ,  Startup Hiring  | Tagged  hiring ,  mistakes ,  recruitment ,  startups  |  Leave a comment 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The art of managing tricky office relationships 
 Avoid These Productivity Drags 
 The turning tide - startups gaining currency in the talent market 
 10 easy tips for conflict resolution 
 Fight, flight or fess up? How to deal with making a mistake at work. 
 
 
 
 Take Our Poll 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 August 2013 
 May 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 June 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 October 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 HR 
 Random 
 Recruitment 
 Resume tips 
 SME 
 starting up 
 Startup Hiring 
 Uncategorized 
 Workplace 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Jobs In A Jiffy  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Jobs In A Jiffy  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
