Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bakery Assistant Department Manager - Full Time 
 Longo's 
 __Oakville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Longo’s is committed to maintaining an environment where team members have a place to grow and pursue excellence. We are a Canadian, family owned, independent food retailer which has grown and prospered since 1956. Our team members are dedicated to exceeding customer expectations by offering the best food experience to every customer, every time. It is through such commitment that Longo’s now operates over 30 stores along with Grocery Gateway; our online grocery delivery service, is celebrating over 60 years of business and is continuing to grow. 
 Would you love to pursue a career with a company that is recognized as a 50 Best Managed Company and is one of Canada’s 10 most admired corporate cultures? 
 Are you ready to take your career to the next level? 
 If so, come join our growing team! 
 Position:  Bakery Assistant Department Manager - Full Time 
 This is your opportunity to advance your career in a leadership role. As the Assistant Bakery Department Manager, you will assist the Bakery Manager to ensure that the department is prepared for daily operations. 
 What you’ll do: 
 
 Motivate and mentor Team Members 
 Provide support with regular team meetings 
 Coach and train Team Members to maintain the highest level of productivity 
 Handle Team Member and customer issues 
 Uphold company policies and procedures including health & safety, food safety and loss prevention 
 Merchandise, manage inventory and schedule to meet financial objectives 
 Provide exceptional customer service to all Team Members, Customers and Vendors 
 
 What we are looking for: 
 
 Minimum of 1-year experience in a bakery department with a solid understanding of product knowledge 
 Ability to decorate cakes and pastries 
 Strong customer service skills and the ability to build relationships with Team Members and Customers 
 Ability to lead, coach, motivate and work in a fast paced environment 
 Strong computer skills and ability to quickly learn new systems 
 Ownership to resolve issues with a sense of urgency 
 Effective communication and listening skills 
 Strong creativity skills and ability to create eye catching displays 
 Ability to role model and inspire behaviour consistent with our values 
 
 Work Environment: 
 
 Work is performed in a store retail environment 
 Must be available to work days, evenings and weekends 
 Travel is required to support off-site events 
 
 Why join our team? 
 
 Competitive wages and flexible benefits 
 Opportunity to advance your career 
 A team that cares and treats you like family 
 Culture of teamwork and collaboration 
 Celebrates and rewards our Team Members 
 
 Longo’s is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities throughout the recruitment process and, upon request, will work with qualified job applicants to provide suitable accommodation in a manner that takes into account the applicant’s accessibility needs due to disability. 
 Note:  A qualified job applicant with a disability is one who possesses the required skills, education, experience and training and who can, with reasonable accommodation, perform the essential functions of the position applied for. 
 If you require accommodation, please contact the Human Resources Coordinator at: 
 Telephone:  905-264-4100 
 Email:  hrdept@longos.com 
 Mail:  8800 Huntington Road, Vaughan, ON, L4H 3M6 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
