Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clerk II, Switchboard 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200991 
 Position Available:  Switchboard Clerk II 
 Department:  Communications 
 Union:  C.U.P.E. 
 Status:  Casual/Relief 
 Shifts:  Days/Evenings/Nights/Weekends/Extended Tours 
 Rate of Pay:  $23.73 - $24.57 
 Internal employees must apply by midnight on December 1, 2020. 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. It is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team. 
JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. For more information, visit www.josephbranthospital.ca. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Answer phone calls - relay messages, liaise between staff, physicians and public. 
 Page appropriate Emergency "Codes" and alarms as required and implement the necessary procedures according to Hospital Policy. 
 Perform clerical duties as assigned. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 High school graduation diploma, previous clerical or administrative experience preferred. 
 Must be able to operate a Multi-line Digital Telephone Branch Exchange System. 
 Must be able to work in a fast pace environment. 
 Excellent command of the English language (written and verbal). 
 Demonstrated ability to set priorities. 
 An excellent telephone manner required and knowledge of Hospital and Community Services. 
 Demonstrated computer experience utilizing the full suite of Microsoft Office Products and the Hospital Meditech Order Entry System. 
 Demonstrated typing skills of 40 - 50 words per minute. 
 Critical thinking skills are essential to assist staff, physicians, patients and visitors as they navigate through the complex Hospital System. 
 
 To be considered for this exciting opportunity please visit the JBH Careers page to apply to posting #200991. We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Right Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
