Skip to content 
 Make Money Online 
 work and earn at home 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 About ME 
 Contact Me 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Sitemap 
 __ 
 
 Far From The “Perfect” Role: What We Really Need From Our Ideal Job 
 Is there any truth in the idea of the perfect job? While everybody has their own opinions as to what makes their job a perfect fit, maybe it's because  their passion  in life is finally being fulfilled, but as far as the ideal job on paper is concerned, the duties involved only make up a small component. So, what do we really need from our ideal job? 
 The Right Kind Of Challenges 
 Those days that go by the quickest are the ones where are we were so engrossed in our work because we felt that we were given something worthy to do, or, challenged enough that the daily 9 to 5 drudge didn't seem so boring for once. Our ideal job gives us the challenges to expand our horizons, but also feel that we can walk away at the end of the day, feeling we've done something useful. The right kind of challenges vary depending on the job, but we all know when we're in a job that we hate because we're either bored, or there’s just  no sense of stimulation . 
 The Appropriate Perks 
 When we’re looking for the perfect job, the money and the perks can override any common sense. But, while it's important to find a job that pays well, a lot of people can feel that their passion for the job could result in them being exploited, and not been paid enough. Of course, there are professionals that can help in this respect. You can go to  the experienced personal injury lawyers of Tittle Law Firm  if you are being paid a paltry sum. And, there are numerous industries where people are being underpaid, or not paid at all, because they are desperate for an in. It's important that when you're looking for your ideal job, regardless of the duties, that you are actually able to sustain yourself outside of office hours. 
 A Nurturing Environment 
 It's not always the role that makes the job, but the people. A nurturing environment is essential, either through a friendly boss who is keeping an eye on our progress and is happy to fulfill our wishes, but also, if we are going through personal circumstances outside of the office environment, that our employers are understanding. It seems that now, with the conveyor belt approach to many jobs, especially in  contact centers , we all feel like one small part of a big machine. This doesn't make for a nurturing environment, and it doesn't feel personal. This is why a lot of people feel that, despite the job itself, they like where they work. Our ideal job doesn't necessarily have to fulfill our internal desires, the ideal job is a combination of doing something that challenges us in the right ways, but also, has an environment that we can feel happy in. This is not the case in many organizations now. So, if you are at the point where you're looking for a change in career, it's always worth looking at what you have already, because is it just the duties that you're bored of, or is there something more you need? 
 Filed Under:  Business Talk 
 
 Business Blunders Not To Make When Life Goes Awry 
 Minimising the Cost of Your Insurance Policies 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name* 
 Email Address* 
 Website 
 Comment 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Categories 
 
 Affiliate Programs  (12) 
 Blogging Tips  (34) 
 Business Talk  (111)
 
 Finance  (37) 
 
 
 Earn Online  (11)
 
 Affiliate Programs  (1) 
 Online Contests  (3) 
 
 
 Entertainment  (1) 
 Hot! Hot Offers!  (1) 
 Links  (1) 
 Links/Blogroll  (1) 
 Make Money Online  (127)
 
 >> Affiliate Programs  (10) 
 >> Articles  (37) 
 >> Online Contests  (21) 
 >> Payments Received  (43) 
 >>Earn Money  (30) 
 Paid To Blog  (2) 
 
 
 Random Thoughts  (78)
 
 >> Health  (3) 
 Communities  (4) 
 Fashion and Style  (2) 
 Home and Beyond  (10) 
 
 
 Scam Sites  (2) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 XLinks  (5)
 
 BC Bloggers 3  (1) 
 Blogging Links  (1) 
 Niche Blogs Connect  (1) 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021  Kale 
 
 Kale  by LyraThemes.com. 
 
