
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Demodesk (W19) 
 Intelligent online meeting tool for inside sales & customer success 
 Full-Stack Engineer in Assistant Team 
 $60k - $90k • 0.10% - 0.80% 
 Location 
 Munich, Remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Demodesk 
 Demodesk is are building the world's first intelligent online meeting platform for customer interactions - think of Zoom 2.0 combined with Gong/Salesloft. What makes us different from Zoom, Google Meet and alikes is our unique approach to screen sharing. We don’t record the presenter's local desktop screen but use cloud-based virtual displays. By doing that, we can automatically load the right presentation content, assist the presenter in real-time by displaying talk tracks and battle cards without the customer noticing, and have significantly more data to analyze than existing tools. Demodesk seamlessly integrates within a sales process and helps sales teams increase productivity by automating all workflows from meeting scheduling to preparation and CRM logging. We are serving 200 customers today (mostly B2B SaaS in the US and Europe) and are growing at double digit rates every month. We are a hybrid-remote team of 30 international employees with offices in Munich and SF and plan to triple in size over the next 12 months. Our vision is to become the leading online meeting platform for customer interactions. We want to enable anyone to have a great remote customer conversation. Rather than replacing human interactions, we want to augment the seller’s conversation skills by using our disruptive technology. We believe that there is an incredible opportunity to disrupt the way we, as humans, communicate. We like to use the example of self-driving cars – Today, we have cars that analyze endless amounts of data in real-time and help the driver augment his driving skills, up to the point where the car almost drives independently. When you compare this with remote conversations, the opportunity for improvement is astounding. Today, there are only functional communication tools that let us hear someone, see someone, and record a desktop screen. Imagine having this functionality combined with the vast amounts of valuable data flowing through these servers. This data is not yet being harnessed to enable people to have amazing conversations with one-another. We are about to change that. Join us on this incredibly exciting journey! 
 About the role 
 Skills:  React, Ruby, Ruby on Rails 
 // About us 
 Demodesk is building the world's first intelligent online meeting tool with the vision to enable anyone to have great customer conversations. Web conferencing tools that are being used today are purely functional. They hardly offer anything beyond video calling and local desktop sharing. In a time where almost all companies build web-based software, it's needlessly complicated to route screen sharing through local desktops still. And even though AI and NLP are slowly upgrading call recording, vendors are still having a hard time making sense of sales conversations at scale and tracking meaningful data. We have developed a new approach to screen sharing. Traditional tools only record a video of the presenter's local desktop screen. We set up a 100% web-based virtual display instead, that anyone can access by just clicking a link. By utilizing a virtual display, our software can automatically load the right presentation content at the meeting start, provide real-time conversational guidance on the sales rep's side without the customer seeing it and have significantly more data to analyze than existing tools. Help us redefine web conferencing and be ready to play an essential role in achieving this goal by joining our international team in San Francisco and Munich. 
 // Mission 
 As a member of our “assistant” team, you will be working on the sales assistant features of our product. These features are the biggest driver of our value proposition and require both frontend and backend skills to bring to life. After being fully onboarded into our team, you will be majorly involved in the redesign of our platform, as well as improving the integration to products such as Salesforce or HubSpot. You will be able to define the technical requirements for different product features and integrate them into our existing solution. 
 Current tech stack: 
 
 Frontend: Vue.js, Webpack, SCSS, Pug 
 Backend: Ruby on Rails, Postgresql, Redis 
 Microservices: Ruby, Node.js 
 Infrastructure: Google Cloud, AWS, Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform 
 Monitoring: ELK, Loki, Grafana 
 Fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code quality, testing, and deploying 
 
 // Goals 
 
 Implement a performant and beautiful frontend: You are responsible for the implementation of the redesign of our assistance features. This includes playbooks, notes, and forms our customers use during their sales calls. 
 Setup frontend testing infrastructure: You bring your experience in front-end development to the table by setting up and improving our current frontend testing workflow. 
 Develop within all parts of the stack: Your job will focus on the frontend in the beginning but end up in a 40/60 split between frontend and backend. 
 Write beautiful code: You document well and see the importance of testing. Due to your previous experience, you are able to break down tasks and execute them in an efficient way. 
 Constant learning: You are excited by technical challenges and are always on the lookout for new technologies 
 With your curiosity, you are always searching for the best technology for each use case and pick up new languages and frameworks fast. 
 You help anyone in the team succeed: You make effective and successful work possible by clear and honest communication in order to develop a shared understanding of the long-term vision and immediate next actions. 
 When you don’t fully understand something, you ask lots of questions and use the opportunity to learn and grow. 
 
 // Your Profile 
 
 ~3 years of professional experience in Web Development 
 Experience in working with at least one backend framework (ideally Ruby on Rails, a Python or Node.js framework also suffices) 
 Experience in developing performant user interfaces - ideally in vue.js but if you are an experienced react.js developer we trust that you will pick up vue.js fast 
 Strong fundamentals in a dynamic language like Ruby or Python 
 Experience working on commercial software products 
 Experience working on a product with a high number of users 
 Desire for high code quality and system security through automation, unit testing, and structured code reviews 
 
 Technology 
 Our tech is very diverse and ranges from ES2019 in the frontend to C in the backend. Generally we use: 
 
 Frontend: Vue.js, ES2019, Webpack, SCSS 
 Web backend: Ruby on Rails, Postgres, Redis 
 Microservices: Node.js, Sinatra, C, X11 
 Infrastructure: Google Cloud, Kubernetes and GKE for orchestration, Grafana 
 
 Other jobs at Demodesk 
 Full-Stack Engineer Video Conferencing & Screen Sharing 
 fulltime 
 Munich, Germany / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $60k - $90k 
 0.10% - 0.80% 
 3+ years 
 Full-Stack Engineer in Assistant Team 
 fulltime 
 Munich, Remote / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $60k - $90k 
 0.10% - 0.80% 
 3+ years 
 Founding Designer 
 fulltime 
 Munich, Germany - San Francisco - Remote / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 Head of Marketing 
 fulltime 
 Munich, Germany - San Francisco - Remote / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Head of People 
 fulltime 
 Munich 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
