Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Press Operator - Metal Stamping (Oakville Location) 
 MetriCan 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 COMPANY DESCRIPTION 
 MetriCan is a leading Tier 2 supplier of metal automotive components. Our diverse capabilities allow us to serve all manufacturing needs, from prototyping to production. 
 At MetriCan we are looking for positive, team-oriented people who can also work independently. It is imperative that all employees focus on efficiency, quality, continuous improvement, and most importantly, safety. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION 
 The Press Operator is responsible for the safe operation and set-up of metal stamping production. Responsibilities include transfer die set-up, troubleshooting, and efficient operation of 250T to 1320T presses. Full safety, quality and production training will be provided. 
 SHIFT(S) AVAILABLE 
 We are currently seeking to fill multiple Press Operator positions  (One for each shift, NO SHIFT ROTATION): 
 
 Day Shift:  6:30 am to 3:00 pm Monday to Friday 
 
 OR 
 
 Afternoon Shift:  3:15 pm to 1:45 am Monday to Thursday 
 
 SPECIFIC DUTIES 
 
 Safely and efficiently operate transfer metal presses (250 to 1320 Ton) 
 Must meet assigned production quotas and requirements 
 Set-up manual, progressive, and linear transfer dies for metal stamping production 
 Load and setup steel coil for production 
 Maintain production logs and documentation 
 Work with QC personnel on ensuring quality is maintained during production and setup 
 Quickly resolve metal stamping production issues, preserving production quotas and timelines 
 
 SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 
 
 Automotive metal stamping / manufacturing production experience is required 
 Linear Transfer System experience is an asset 
 Metal stamping production set-up experience, preferably with 600 Ton to 1320 Ton metal transfer presses 
 Familiarity with Quality Documentation / ISO9001 / TS16949 
 Understand basic written and verbal instructions to complete assigned tasks 
 Valid Lift Truck Training is an asset but not required 
 Valid Overhead Crane Training is an asset but not required 
 
 COMPENSATION and BENEFITS 
 
 $20.00 to $25.00 per hour 
 $0.75 per hour premium for Afternoon Shift 
 Company paid Healthcare Benefits after 3 months 
 Pension Plan available after 1 year 
 Personal Protective Equipment Safety Allowance provided 
 MetriCan is accessible by public transportation 
 Opportunities for advancement 
 
 MetriCan is an equal opportunity employer who provides an inclusive and diverse work environment. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for applicants upon request at any stage of the recruitment process. 
 Other companies may call this position: Setup operator, Set-up operator, Production operator, Metal stamping, Machine operator, Automotive production worker. 
 No Agency calls please 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $20.00-$25.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Overtime 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Linear Transfer Press: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Metal Stamping: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Die Setup: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
