the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Career Networking FAQs' Category 
 Slime-free Career Networking 
 Networking got a bad name because too many people saw it as transactional: I'm going to use you/you're going to use me/let's hope I can get a better deal on this trade than you do. That approach can have kind of a "meat" market, last-call-at-a-singles-bar flavor, and fear of getting caught in that flavor is one reason many women work late at their computers instead of going to an event where they might actually meet someone who would be good to know. On the other hand, if you meet someone you might want to do business with and don't acknowledge that's what you want, even to yourself, you close off any possibility that something good could happen. 
 What to do? When you meet someone at a business function, whether it be an industry group or women's conference, that person is a prospect, and it's okay to think of him or her that way . . . it's even expected. If you meet the person somewhere else and you're not sure if he or she would like to be seen as a prospect, you can do a quick qualifier and see how the response. If you say, for example, "Oh, I sell beauty products" to someone who owns a beauty salon, and she says, "What do you think of these appetizers?" you know that she might want to be your friend but not on your call list. 
 Be purposeful with your best prospects 
At the other end of the spectrum are great prospects with whom it is clear from the start that you have something in mind. You have to be clear with them about what you want, too. 
 Just after I moved from Texas to Washington, D.C., I had lunch at the Jockey Club with a man named True Davis, a former U.S. ambassador to Sweden and high-level pharmaceutical industry executive. True was a mover and a shaker, and it was a real coup that he was meeting with me. I didn't have a job, needed one desperately, and my mother, who had gone to high school with True, had suggested I call him for help. I did, and he graciously said yes. So I ended up going to lunch at the ritziest place at which I'd ever eaten, with True, who at the time was by far the richest and most powerful man I'd ever met, a man with tons of connections. I hadn't done any homework on True, so all I really knew was that he was an important friend of Mommy's. And I hadn't thought through what I wanted, so I didn't ask him for anything. 
 What I got from this encounter was an excellent lunch. 
 What else could I have gotten? At the very least, I could have procured a few introductions and interviews that would have greatly advanced my job search. I could have said to True, "I'm interested in working on the Hill for Congressman So-and-So, whom I know you know. Would you be willing to give his office a call on my behalf?" Or, "I'd love to get an administrative position in one of those prestigious Dupont Circle associations that I know you belong to. How do you think I should approach them?" At the very most, who knows what more a specific request might have yielded? But I blew it because I hadn't done my homework, thought through what I wanted, and developed a powerful pitch around it. Which, by the way, he would have expected me to do and respected me for trying. 
 Even as recently as a few years ago, I still hadn't completely learned my lesson. Flying back to New York from a speaking engagement in Detroit, I noticed Ram Charan, legendary advisor to senior executives and boards of directors and business writer extraordinaire, sitting in the plane's first-class cabin. I was very familiar with his work, which I find amazing; to be perfectly frank, I had a big business crush on Ram, he was, at the time, my idea of who I wanted to be professionally when I grew up. 
 Since I believed then, as I do now, that you should try to meet people who do things you admire, I worked up my courage and seized the moment when I saw him standing alone by the luggage carousel after the plane landed. I forced myself to make an introduction, gushed like a schoolgirl over his work, and asked for a meeting. Tomy amazement, he agreed. 
 So when I got back to my office, I called his assistant, Cynthia, a lovely woman recognized my neediness and, despite her boss's very tight schedule, managed a 15-minute meeting wedged in between Ram's consulting sessions in New York. I arrived at the meeting, immediately offered my credentials (because by this time, at least I'd learned I have to credential myself with blues), and realized I had to make some kind of pitch. So I suggested we find some way to work together in the women's market. Ram looked vaguely alarmed, told me that wasn't really his sort of thing, and confessed that he had only agreed to see me because he thought I was someone else -- some business muckety-muck's daughter. A gentleman through and through, Ram then graciously declined my idea. That was it. He did, however, send me a standard issue, unsigned Christmas card that year and has continued to do so every year since, which jazzes up my office. 
 As much as I appreciate the holiday card, if I'd taken the time to develop a more precise pitch, I might have had a shot at working with new and powerful clients. Maybe if I'd said, for example, "I do a lot of training around relationship management, which would be an excellent fit with the work you're doing on superior execution, and I think we could do X, Y, and Z together," I could have at least gotten a second conversation. Instead, I essentially burned a very high-value prospect. 
 The moral of these stories: Save pitching your best prospects until you have a specific purpose or goal in mind that you can clearly articulate, and until you have thoroughly done your homework, which includes thinking through the benefit of what working with you or otherwise supporting you would do for them. Keep reading I'll show you how. 
** 
Not the usual suspects** 
At this point, your goal should be to cultivate a diverse group of potential prospects rather than being bogged down by narrow definitions of who can help. So, your prospects might include not just your boss, but your boss's boss, his counterpart in the next department, and his executive assistant. Not just your colleagues, but your competitors as well. The speaker you admire at a conference and the senior manager you meet at a wedding or party. Anyone with shared interests is a possible prospect, even if you do not share the same immediate goals. 
 Consider this scenario: You're up for a plum assignment, along with several candidates in your company, and various decision-makers meet in the corner conference room to choose who gets the nod. Your boss is in the room and you know you can count on his support. But there are several others there, too, who don't have any reason to support you; in fact, they have reason to argue against you because they want their own person to get the job. 
 Those people are prospects, too. 
 So you need to start thinking about indirect ways to cultivate those relationships. At the most basic, you might simply engage them in an occasional conversation. Or perhaps you could provide a useful piece of intelligence now and again "Hey, Tony, I thought you might like to know . . ." Tony still may not actively help you once he gets to that conference room, but he'll be far less inclined to actively argue against you, and he may be more easily swayed to accept you over the person he'd originally thought would be the better choice. 
 As for your competitors, think of it this way: If you are competing with someone, you both have the same goal, which implies you have a similar vision. If you view this person as a prospect, thinking about a way to carve out the territory so you can support him or her in his or her piece and he or she can support you in yours, you have turned a competitive relationship into a functional, value-producing one. Politics really do make strange bedfellows. 
 This is an area where men often have an edge because they do not take competition as personally as we do, nor do they retreat from conflict as often. After a big ball game, men have no problem going out for drinks with players from the other team. We, on the other hand, just want those girls from the other team to go away -- they're bad girls and we don't want to play with them anymore. We see the relationship context; men see the competition. We see girls who wanted to beat us; win or lose, guys see other guys who like baseball the way they like baseball and that's what's most important. 
 If you can make the mental shift that allows you to see your competitors as both competitors and potential prospects, you put yourself in the right mindset to win. 
 by  Ronna Lichtenberg , 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Life Planning 
 The Networking Buddy System for Job-Search Success 
 What do deep sea diving, rock climbing, whitewater rafting, and a job search have in common? Success and sometimes even survival depend on using the buddy system. 
 Most extreme sports enthusiasts agree that having a buddy for support is the key to success; but in a job search, having a fellow job-searcher to network with and for accountability can propel your success. 
 Take Joan and Cathy, for example. They work in different industries and in different job roles. Both were laid off at about the same time. They met at a local networking group and hit it off immediately. They began to explore other networking opportunities together. 
 "Going to networking events for the first time was hard for me," Joan relates, "I tend to be shy and don't feel comfortable being the new person. I hated not knowing anyone there. But now, Cathy and I go together. It's opened up a whole new realm of events I never would have attended without her." 
 For Cathy, "The hardest thing for me was follow through. I'd tell myself 'I'm going to check out this new event' or set goals for my search for a certain week and just not follow through. Joan has been great in holding me accountable for my goals and keeping me on track." 
 Accountability - The Buddy System in Action 
Joan and Cathy have hit upon one of the most important benefits of the buddy system. Accountability! 
 Too many times, we fall victim to distractions from the job search. The trap of sleeping late, watching TV, and playing on the Web can ensnare us. With no one but ourselves to hold us accountable for our job-search goals and plans, time can just slip away. It's so easy to lose balance between personal needs and wants and our job search. 
 Joan and Cathy relate, "We have a favorite networking group that we go to each week. It meets at 7 p.m. on Monday, so we grab dinner before and set our action plan for the week. We plan to go to one other group meeting each week and decide which one it will be over dinner. Finally, we review what was to be accomplished the previous week to make sure both of us stays on track." 
 Achieving Balance 
The other end of the spectrum is becoming a "job search-aholic." For many of us, our identity is tied up tightly in our career, while others need a job right away just to make ends meet. No matter how great the need or desire for a new position, conducting a job search 24/7 non-stop can actually be a detriment to a successful campaign. 
 Once burnout sets in and enthusiasm begins to wane, how can you be at your best when you interview or even network? 
 The buddy system is an ideal way to protect against burnout while keeping on track! Note how Joan and Cathy have used this system: 
 "We help each other set reasonable goals for the week and remind each other that it's OK to go have some fun. Our rule is that our job search is like our full time job, and like any full time job, that means most weekends are off." 
 Joan notes, "This was especially important to me. I was setting unrealistic goals for myself. I was spending all my weekends and evenings on the Internet, searching for jobs and applying for almost everything I came across. I was so discouraged, tired and all around just burned out. Cathy helped me see that not only was I spending my time unwisely by using only the Internet for my search, but that I also needed to be more balanced so I could always keep my best face forward in the search process." 
 When to Leave the Buddy Behind 
As with all great systems, there are times when the buddy system is best left at home. 
 Job fairs are one example where carpooling can be great, but once inside its time for some one on one networking. You want to be prepared to speak face to face with a recruiter and possibly even have an on-the-spot interview. This would not be a good time have you buddy by your side! 
 Another buddy system no-no is to take your buddy along with you to interviews. Even having the buddy wait for you in the lobby can result in points off with the interviewer. 
 Finally, when at a networking event, move around and meet people. Network! It's what you came for. Just because you and your buddy came together doesn't mean that you have to stay side by side the whole time. Mingle and get to know others at the event. Expand your relational network, find out information about local companies and increase your contact list! Then meet up with your buddy at the end and compare notes! 
 Buddy as Resource 
Developing your network is an integral part of your success in a job search. Taking full advantage of all the resources available to you is key to success. One of the most useful resources you may find just might be your job-search buddy. 
 Use your buddy as a sounding board for ideas and goals as well as frustrations. Keep each other balanced and on track, but know when it is appropriate to go solo. 
 Whether climbing Mt. Everest or looking for that dream job in your own back yard, use the helping hand of a buddy to reach maximum success. 
 by  Clay Barrett 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Networking Buddy System 
 Fantastic Formulas for Composing Elevator Speeches 
 While many Elevator Speeches are written by sales reps to pitch products and services, the formulas from which the speeches derive can be easily adapted to situations in which the product is you, the job-seeker. This roundup of formulas suggested by experts should provide food for thought for the method that works best for you in planning and outlining your Elevator Speech. 
 For example,  Certified Professional Virtual Assistant Jean Hanson  suggests this formula: 
 
 Who am I? (introduce yourself) 
 What business am I in? 
 What group of people do I service? (be specific -- do you have a niche?) 
 What is my USP (Unique Selling Proposition)? What makes me different from the competition? 
 What benefits do my customers derive from my services? 
 
 Here's how it could be adapted for a job-seeker: 
 
 Who am I? (introduce yourself) --  No change 
 What business am I in? --  What field or industry am I in? 
 What group of people do I service? (be specific -- do you have a niche?) --  What position am I in? In what capacity do I serve? 
 What is my USP (Unique Selling Proposition)? What makes me different from the competition? --  No change 
 What benefits do my customers derive from my services? --  What benefits can employers derive from skills, based on my proven accomplishments? 
 
 Hanson says that in a selling situation, the listener's unspoken question is "Why should I do business 
 with you?" -- **Similarly, in a job-hunting situation, the listener 's tacit question may be "Why should I (or any employer) hire you?" ** 
 Next is a variation on Hanson's formula adapted from  Randy W. Dipner Meeting the Challenge, Inc. , along with our illustration  (in boldface  ) of how it can be adapted for a job-seeker: 
 List target customers. Group them and ultimately define THE customer. --  List target employers. Group them and ultimately define THE employer. 
 Define the need or opportunity. That is, what critical issue does the customer face? --  What need or issue does the employer face? 
 Name the product or service or concept. --  Introduce yourself. 
 Place the product, service, or concept into a generally understood category. --  Identify yourself in terms of a job function or contribution. What do you do? 
 List the benefits -- not the features -- of the product, service, or concept provides to the customer. Group or prioritize the benefits to identify the single benefit that is the most compelling reason for the customer to buy the product, service, or concept. To the maximum extent possible, the benefit should be quantified. -- **List the benefits -- not the features -- that you provide to the employer. Group or prioritize the benefits to identify the single benefit that is the most compelling reason for the employer to hire you. To the maximum extent possible, the benefit should be quantified. ** 
 Develop a statement of the primary differentiation of the product, service, or concept. The differentiation is the single most important thing that sets your product, service, or concept apart from the competition or state of the art. --  Develop a statement of the primary differentiation of yourself. The differentiation is the single most important thing that sets you apart from the competition. 
 Tony Jeary , author of Life Is A Series Of Presentations, offers this Elevator Speech formula: 
 
 Define your audience universe. 
 Define your content or subject matter. 
 Define your objective. 
 Define your desired image or style. 
 Define your key message. 
 
 A formula that probably has more components than the average job-seeker will want to use is offered by the UK-based  Adding Value Masterclass  and adapted here: 
 
 Pain -- Paint a graphic picture of the "pain" or problems that the employer is experiencing. 
 Credibility -- Your qualifications for solving the problem. 
 Solution -- Specifically hint at how you can provide a solution (but don't give away the farm before you have the job). 
 Gain -- Explain the benefits the employer will experience. 
 Impact -- illustrate the difference those benefits will make in the organization. 
 Emotion -- Describe how the benefits will make the employer feel. 
 Prove -- Provide evidence that support your claims through examples or stories. 
 Money -- Job-seekers should probably skip this step. 
 Risk -- Remove any remaining doubts they may have by removing the risk. 
 Close -- Reiterate the key points and ask for an interview or other appropriate next step. 
 
 Author, speaker, and consultant  Marisa D'Vari  suggests starting the Elevator Speech process by writing down three key points about your product (you, in this case) and discussing how these points will benefit the listener. 
 The business school at Pepperdine University  suggests knowing your audience and knowing yourself, including key strengths, adjectives that describe you, a description of what you are trying to let others know about you, and a statement of your interest in the company or industry the person represents. Armed with that knowledge, the job-seeker can then outline the Elevator Speech using these questions: 
 
 Who am I? 
 What do I offer? 
 What problem is solved? 
 What are the main contributions I can make? 
 What should the listener do as a result of hearing this? 
 
 The School of Management at George Mason University offers some particularly good  Elevator Speech examples  for college students. See also  Elevator speech: who, what, why in 30 seconds , (found when your scroll to page 2) adapted from career author Donald Asher, that's especially good for college students in networking situations. 
 You'll notice that one thing nearly all the experts have in common is their espousal of the importance of stressing your benefit to the listener and touching on how you're better than the competition. This principle encompasses many names -- Unique Selling Proposition, value proposition, benefit statement, competitive advantage, deliverables, differentiation -- but the bottom line is the same. What can you bring to the employer, and how can you do it better than anyone else? 
 Finally, the most unusual Elevator Speech formula we came across was from a blogger who calls herself "Qureus" and suggests  integrating astrology into one's elevator speech . 
 by  Katharine Hansen, Ph.D. 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Elevator Speeches ,  Employment ,  Formula for Finding ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 How Can You Take Advantage of Opportunities on LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn is continuing to get bigger and bigger and it continues to be a great resource for businesses and employees to connect with one another. 
 One of the best things about LinkedIn is the  Shared Connections  feature. This feature makes it possible to find people like potential clients and then see what connections you have in common. Shared Connections then makes getting a virtual introduction that much easier. 
 Building up a strong LinkedIn network and being willing to introduce others (in good faith, of course always use your best judgment) can also increase what opportunities you can get in the future. 
 B2B marketing is often built through trust and word of mouth. Having a shared connection is a great way to start establishing some of that trust from the very beginning. 
 LinkedIn also has a community of active participants.  LinkedIn Answers  serves as a knowledge base where business representatives can establish authority and expertise by participating in the ongoing discussions.  LinkedIn Groups  is an opportunity for business professionals to interact with other topics relevant to his/her interests. One business successfully used LinkedIn Groups as a way to build business leads. This business opted to engage in relevant industry discussion and offered business services when requests were made, thereby bringing in a highly targeted business lead. Actively participating in LinkedIn is often one of the best ways to not only help people out, but also to make a connection for your service and even generate leads. 
 Answering questions across LinkedIn Answers and LinkedIn Groups doesn’t mean to simply put out the marketing blurb, but to really engage and offer feedback and solutions. Again, social media is most effective when it is genuine. 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  LinkedIn ,  LinkedIn Tips 
 5 Tips for Using LinkedIn to Find Top / Star Employees 
 Successful business people are always looking for their next rock star employee. The question is where do you find them? The good news is that the latest LinkedIn stats, 60 million professional profiles spanning 200 countries, would indicate this is a good place to look. 
 Many of us already have a LinkedIn account, and if you don’t, LinkedIn is free and easy to maneuver. The trick is incorporating some strategies (habits, if you will) into using LinkedIn. 
 Below are five easy things you can add to your LinkedIn strategy to give you greater exposure to top talent. 
 
 1. Build Connections 
 In the course of your daily business, you never know where your next sale is going to come from. The same can be true for recruiting. It’s important to connect and build relationships with a variety of different people. For example,  my LinkedIn profile  has connections from prior jobs, clients, and local entrepreneurs I do business with. It’s great when I can make introductions between people with varied needs. 
 
 2. Join Groups 
 In addition to being a part of groups for your personal and/or professional benefit, join a couple of groups that might help surface candidates. Let’s say you’re always looking for sales professionals. There’s a LinkedIn group –  The Sales Association  – that you might want to join as a way to connect with possible candidates. They have almost 20,000 members, are affiliated with a  national association , and have a job posting system when you’re ready to let people know about your next opening. 
 3. Engage with Questions and Answers 
 Once you start connecting with groups, look for opportunities to engage with people in discussions. Notice people who share your culture and enter into a conversation with them. I belong to a group called  Social Media in Organizations . This group offers multiple channels to talk about workplace social media – discussions, webinars, articles, a book club, etc. 
 4. Get (and Read) LinkedIn Updates 
 This is a quick and easy way to recognize people for promotions, awards, and accomplishments. People will remember you. Since much of your LinkedIn profile is static, this is a way to regularly let people know what you’re up to. I’ve seen some of my connections post in their status “Looking for a Senior Accountant. Got a lead? Let me know.” 
 5. Embrace Mobile 
 Keeping up with all of the information available can be a daunting task. That’s why I like the mobile version of LinkedIn for my phone. I can check updates while I’m waiting at appointments, so staying on top of the activity doesn’t have to be a time-consuming chore. LinkedIn offers versions for the  iPhone ,  BlackBerry    and  Palm . 
 Over the years, LinkedIn has taken some hits for being nothing more than an online repository of names. But these days, more and more people are becoming reacquainted with it. Since most people have a presence on LinkedIn, it’s an obvious place to keep tabs on what’s happening in the marketplace. And as small business owners, you can easily leverage LinkedIn to find talent. 
 By  Sharlyn Lauby 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  LinkedIn Tips 
 Networking: Why Its Important and How To Do It Better 
 Hello Friends, 
 We all know what social and career networking involves; it is the developing and maintaining of contacts and personal connections with different people in your niche area who might be advantageous to you and your career. Networking has helped me to get every job I have ever had, in addition to helping my businesses obtain and retain clients. With Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin, etc, we have all become gurus of sorts in the world of social and career networking. If you are a good web designer or developer, you know the importance of social and career networking both on the web and in person. However, in my experience, many designers and developers are introverts by personality, so though it is easy for them to networking via the internet, the actually person to person social or career networking is a little more difficult to them. In my opinion, both are equally important. 
 If you, your company, or your blog have 5000 plus followers on Twitter, but you do not know anyone in your actually city that is in your profession, then networking can only take you so far. In order to use networking, and let it work for you, you must take advantage of all avenues, and you must realize that it is a two way street. In this post, I will discuss why networking is important and gives some tips on how to improve your networking skills. 
 _ 
 _ 
 Reasons Why Networking is Important: 
 Meeting people 
 Remember that the basic element to networking is meeting people, and the more people we know in our profession or career, the more we can improve our chances of growing your business, blog, or freelance work. The whole point of networking is to meet people, in order to expand your imprint to as many people as possible. 
 Contacts 
 Another get benefit of networking is that you can build your contacts. Collecting and updating contact info, like phone numbers and e-mail addresses, is a great way to expand your name and to have people you can count in your field on when you need them. 
 Work or employment 
 Networking is a great way to get jobs, clients, or projects. In fact, it has helped me procure all of my jobs, because you can directly speak to potential clients or employers, or you can even be recommended by a person you meet while networking. The potential is unlimited. 
 Learn from others 
 When you meet people in your niche field, you have the opportunity to discuss and learn from them, and them from you. This sharing of knowledge is one of the most important elements of networking, because learning from actual professionals in the field’s real life experiences is priceless. 
 Promoting yourself 
 Another benefit of networking is the ability to promote yourself and get your name out there. Especially if you are new to a community or new to web design or development, networking allows you to link to other people in your profession, which can help you get more well-known in the field. 
 _ 
 _ 
 Tips to Improve Networking: 
 Business cards 
 Business cards are an important element to networking, because it is how people will get in contact with you. I suggest making your business cards a true representation of your artistic ability and originality. I suggest spending a little extra money and time designing your business card, because it is a networking opportunity that stays with a person and can really impress potential clients. Every business uses business cards as a way to network and advertise, but with web designers and developers, I recommend using creative business cards so that prospective clients can immediately get a taste of your potential. 
 Keep in regular contact 
 Remember that once contact is made, it is important to continue and keep the contact with the colleagues you meet through networking. Networking is only effective if it is long-lasting and endures beyond the initial contact. Thus, I recommend continuing to email, Twitter, call, or even ask for a lunch meeting with people you meet through networking. Just holding their business card is not enough to constitute networking, you must get to know each other on a personal level, and so make sure you continue to stay in regular contact with those you meet through networking. 
 Thank people 
 In order to take full advantage of networking, you must be grateful for those you meet through networking and those who have assisted you or your company. A simple thank you goes a long way, and when you show appreciation for fellow colleagues in your field, that appreciation will be remembered and rewarded. So, remember to say a simple thank you to those you have benefited from through networking. 
 Be helpful 
 Another way to improve your networking skills, remember to be helpful to others you have met through networking. The philosophy I use is, “You scratch my back, and I scratch yours,” meaning that when someone is helpful to me, I always pay it forward or pay it back. When we first started this blog, we had so many other bloggers giving us tips and suggestions, that now that we have been around for a year, we have the ability to give back to those blogs through guest posts, or we pay it forward and help other design and development bloggers we have met through networking. So, be helpful to those you network with, and you will be remembered. 
 Take the incentive/Never feel inferior 
 Remember that when it comes to networking, you need to take the incentive and not wait until people come to you. Never feel inferior to others, even if they have more experience than you, have higher ranking blog, or are even a celebrity of such in your niche field, because they are still human and approachable. If you wait for people to come to you, networking will never happen. So, be proud of your accomplishments and realize that you deserve to be in the networking mix, because as much as you have to gain, you have to share. 
 Do not have an agenda 
 The last, but most important tip when it comes to networking is NOT to have an agenda. I know this seems contradictory, because your reason for networking is ultimately marketing, but remember to be genuine with your attempts to network. When I say do not have an agenda, I mean do not contact or network only for the sake of networking. Really use this as a way to legitimately get to know people in your niche field, and the positive results will come naturally. 
 By Admixweb.com 
 Start bright career or validate your skills with MCSE 
 http://www.computertipsntricks.com/cert_ms_MCSE.html 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 The 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 How does it happen? Perhaps you just begin to lose interest. Perhaps you find something that interests you more. Perhaps your company is downsizing. These are just some of the numerous reasons people find themselves on that precipitous cliff looking back on their career just as the dirt begins to crumble beneath them. 
 Are you facing that career change plunge? Do you wish you were? Take it slowly and make sure what you really want to do is change careers. Then use this 10-step plan, and you will be on much more sure footing and on a path toward career change success. Finally, remember that career change is a natural life progression; most studies show that the average job-seeker will change careers  (not jobs)  several times over the course of his or her lifetime. 
 Step 1: Assessment of Likes and Dislikes.  A lot of people change careers because they dislike their job, their boss, their company. So, identifying the dislikes is often the easier part of this step; however, you will not know what direction to change your career unless you examine your likes. What do you really like doing when you're at work, when you're at home - in your spare time. What excites you and energizes you? What's your passion? If you're really unsure, consider taking one of more of these career assessments. The key is spending some time rediscovering yourself and using your self-assessment to direct your new career search. 
 Step 2: Researching New Careers.  Once you've discovered (or rediscovered) your passion, spend some time researching the types of careers that center around your passions. Don't worry if you're feeling a bit unsure or insecure -- it's a natural part of the career change process. How much research you do also partly depends on how much of a change you're making; for example, changing from a teacher to a corporate trainer versus switching from a nurse to a Web designer. You can find some great career information and a skills-matching service at  O*NET Online  from the U.S. Department of Labor and basic job information from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics'. 
 Step 3: Transferable Skills.  Leverage some of your current skills and experiences to your new career. There are many skills (such as communications, leadership, planning, and others) that are transferable and applicable to what you want to do in your new career. You may be surprised to see that you already have a solid amount of experience for your new career. 
 Step 4: Training and Education.  You may find it necessary to update your skills and broaden your knowledge.  Take it slowly.  If the skill you need to learn is one you could use in your current job, see if your current employer would be willing to pick up the tab.  And start slowly.  Take a course or two to ensure you really like the subject matter. If you are going for a new degree or certification, make sure you check the accreditation of the school, and get some information about placement successes. 
 Step 5: Networking.  One of the real keys to successfully changing careers will be your networking abilities. People in your network may be able to give you job leads, offer you advice and information about a particular company or industry, and introduce you to others so that you can expand your network. Even if you don't think you already have a network, you probably do - consider colleagues, friends, and family members. You can broaden your network through joining professional organizations in your new field and contacting alumni from your college who are working in the field you want to enter. A key tool of networking is conducting informational interviews. 
 Step 6: Gaining Experience.  Remember that, in a sense, you are starting your career again from square one. Obtaining a part-time job or volunteering in your new career field not only can solidify your decision, but give you much needed experience in your new career. You might also want to consider temping in your new field. Work weekends, nights, whatever it takes to gain the experience. 
 Step 7: Find a Mentor.  Changing careers is a major life decision that can get overwhelming at times. Find a mentor who can help you through the rough patches. Your mentor may also be able to help you by taking advantage of his or her network. A mentor doesn't have to be a highly placed individual, though the more powerful the mentor, the more success you may have in using that power to your advantage. 
 Step 8: Changing In or Out.  Some people change careers, but never change employers. Unfortunately, only the very progressive employers recognize that once happy employees can be happy and productive again - in a different capacity. It's more than likely that you will need to switch employers to change fields, but don't overlook your current employer. Remember not to start asking about a job switch until you are completely ready to do so. 
 Step 9: Job-Hunting Basics.  If it's been a while since you've had to use your job-hunting tools and skills, now is the time for a refresher course. 
 Step 10: Be Flexible.  You'll need to be flexible about nearly everything - from your employment status to relocation and salary. Set positive goals for yourself, but expect setbacks and change - and don't let these things get you down. Besides totally new careers, you might also consider a lateral move that could serve as a springboard for a bigger career change. You might also consider starting your own business or consulting as other avenues. 
 by Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 For Career Building in all type of Tech. & I.T. Fields 


and Exams /Certifications & a lot more visit  


 [http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm](http://www.computertipsntricks.com/ITcert.htm) or visit 


<[http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/](http://www.computertipsntricks.com/)>
 
 Category: 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change ,  Career ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Google opens virtual shop for business software 
 SAN FRANCISCO — Google opened an online shop for business software hosted as services in the Internet "cloud." 
 Google Apps Marketplace launched on Tuesday with offerings from more than 50 companies including Intuit's online payroll program for small businesses, according to marketplace product manager Chris Vander Mey. 
 "Today, we're making it easier for these users and software providers to do business in the cloud with a new online store for integrated business applications," Mey said in a posting at the Google website. 
 Cloud programs are hosted on the Internet, eliminating the need for people to buy, install and maintain the software. 
 "We've found that when businesses begin to experience the benefits of cloud computing, they want more," Mey said. 
 Applications featured at Apps Marketplace synch with programs in a suite of applications that Google offers as online services. 
 More than 2 million businesses have taken to using Google Apps in the past three years, according to the California Internet giant. 
 Google's applications challenge software programs sold by rival Microsoft, which makes the bulk of its money from selling or licensing software that is installed on users' computers. 
 By  Google.com 
 For over 20,000 free computer tips n tricks. visit … http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Dream Job ,  Employment 
 Career Success Is Within Your Reach 
 Are you waiting for career success? Do you believe that if you wait long enough sooner or later your dreams of success will come true? 
 When it comes to success, you are better off spending your time working toward being successful than losing precious moments waiting for it to happen. 
 What are the traits of successful people? They have drive and a belief in themselves. They are confident. They seem to have the Midas touch. But instead of trying to emulate the qualities that made them successful, we sometimes assume that "they must know someone." Or, "they were lucky." We forget that they worked hard to get where they are today. We didn't see their struggles. We just see the end result, and we want what they have, NOW. 
 Career success is not just for the lucky. It's for those who want it and work hard to get it. There's no mystery to the process. Follow certain steps and you will be successful. Deviate from these steps and success will take longer. 
 So how do you grab career success? Follow these steps: 
 1. Believe that you will succeed . Self-belief is such a crucial and sometimes overlooked element. You have to believe that success is within your reach. If you do not believe it, who will? The clients that I coach who make their career dreams come true are those who believe in their goals. How can you become a believer? Sit down with a piece of paper in front of you. Write without editing your words. Create your ideal career and life. Create a picture you can look at every day. What does your picture look like? Does it inspire you? Does it bring excitement into your mind? Belief comes from within. You just have to dig it out every once in awhile. 
 2. Get the facts . Once you are a believer, back up your beliefs with facts. Find out specifically what steps you need to take to make your picture real. This way you will be comfortable taking action. For example, let's say you want to expand into another industry. What facts do you need? Do you need more training? Is the cost of training within your reach? If you make the investment will it put more money in your pocket when you are done? Do you care about money, or are you more interested in a better quality of life? Write down your questions and get your answers. Then you will be ready to act. 
 3. Commit to your success . Successful people say "I will" versus "I'll try" or "I may someday." There is something powerful about making a commitment. First of all, the decision to be successful is made, and the back and forth is done. Second, you have focus and direction that transforms your outlook and gives you purpose. As human beings we do not always like to make commitments. We feel that we need to keep ourselves open to all opportunities because we are afraid that we may walk away from something better. Yes, you are walking away from something and that "thing" is confusion. Commitment gives you something greater. A reason to get out of bed every day. 
 4. Put a plan in place . Once you are committed, map out how you will succeed. Use the facts you gathered in step two ("Get the facts") to guide you. Break down your success plan into smaller pieces. Put these smaller pieces into your calendar. Make to-do lists. Manage your priorities and say yes only to those things that will bring you closer to success. Delegate and eliminate those tasks that take up your time. And if you get sidetracked or distracted, use your plan to get back on track. 
 5. Keep moving no matter what . There may be days when you do not want to do the work or you do not believe the effort you are putting in will be worthwhile. It's normal to feel this way. Your journey will be filled with ups and downs. Success comes to those who keep moving. It's ok to have doubts. Keep taking action anyway. Take small steps every day, no matter what. Small steps today lead to big dreams achieved tomorrow. 
 So what do you say? You have only one life to live, so it might as well be a life you love! 
 by Deborah Brown-Volkman 
 For Career Building in all type of Tech. & I.T. Fields and Exams/


Certifications & a lot more visit  


 [http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm](http://www.computertipsntricks.com/ITcert.htm) or visit


<[http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/](http://www.computertipsntricks.com/)>
 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Tips For Effective Networking within Professional Associations 
 Here's how to make the most out of networking in professional associations: 
 ·  At an industry function try to speak to as many people as possible.  Tell people what type of job interests you and ask them to consider you if they hear anything. They usually will be receptive. 
 ·  Be clear; identify your objective, skill set, target market, and time frame.  Whether or not people want to support you or recommend you depends on whether they think you are qualified. Be sure to provide examples of your accomplishments to share with potential contacts. The best examples have clear and measurable accomplishments. 
 ·  Be authentic, open, honest, and positive about the progress of your job search.  In today's job market people generally like to help because someday they or someone they know will need the same favor. 
 ·  Before you speak with someone at a professional meeting, create a list of targeted organizations for which you would like to work and names of key people in the organization.  Then gather information by talking to insiders in those organizations. If you don't find insiders, make sure you ask your contacts if they know key people you've targeted. 
 ·  Seek advice.  Most people love to help and offer ideas and suggestions. Their advice may result in an organization you had not considered. It may also lead to additional contacts inside companies and organizations. 
 ·  Generate referrals.  One of the main goals of networking is getting referrals. A person is more like to meet with you via an introduction or referral. Here's an example: A client of mine was very involved in his professional association. At an industry lunch he discovered that a colleague was leaving a firm to join another. My client was unhappy in his current job because of a poor job fit. His colleague recommended him for the job he was leaving. My client interviewed with the company and received a job offer. 
 ·  Return the favors.  One key to networking is to remember what you can give back. Look for opportunities to assist your contacts, and remember them when you are looking for a job. Listen carefully for clues, including the person's interests and hobbies so you can build relationships. 
 ·  Send notes of thanks for your contacts ' time.  An email is fine, but many people appreciate a handwritten note. 
 Don't make these networking mistakes: 
 ·  Don 't simply inquire about current available jobs, an approach that often leads to an abrupt end to the discussion could.  Proper networking etiquette includes asking if the person has any ideas, suggestions, or referrals that you can contact in your industry. 
 ·  Don 't network without a common interest.  People who have a common bond and interest are more likely to be interested in helping you, which is where the value and power professional associations come into play. 
  By Lynn Berger 
 Real Bonanza of over 20,000 free Computer Tips n Tricks. visit … http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Employment ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Older Posts 
 Tag Cloud 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  the career guide  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
