Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Assistant 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
190 Richmond Rd, Ottawa, Ontario, K1Z 6W6 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 We're looking for talented colleagues who are passionate about providing an exceptional shopping experience for customers and delighting them every step of the way! 
 In this exciting role you will be responsible for: 
 
 Patient greeting and confirmation of accuracy of all pertinent prescription information prior to filling 
 Data entry of patient care information 
 Third Party adjudication (if necessary) 
 Accurate dispensing prescription medications 
 Maintenance of pharmacy stock through inventory control systems 
 General OTC enquiries from patients and referral to Pharmacist where required and necessary 
 Handling customer prescription pick up 
 
 Job Qualifications: 
 
 Experience as a Pharmacy Assistant is an asset 
 Excellent organizational skills and detail orientation 
 Strong communication skills 
 Demonstrated customer service experience 
 Proficient computer/data/entry skills 
 Flexibility to work a variety of hours which may include days, evenings, night shifts and weekends 
 
 At Loblaw, it’s about our respect for the environment, sourcing products with integrity and making a positive difference in the community. We offer our colleagues progressive careers, comprehensive training, flexibility and a benefits package. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
