Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Shift Manager - Part Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 What we need: 
This position provides the hospital with on-site leadership during specific hours of the day and the weekend. This role will provide oversight to clinical and non-clinical staff in order to facilitate the effective and efficient use of resources, flow of patients and management of incidents or issues. 
 Regarding the use of resources and management of issues, this position requires good judgment, confidence and experience in order to address competing priorities across the hospital, while arranging care for patients in the most appropriate setting. The position will have the authority to assign or re-assign staff (including Float Pool) where appropriate to ensure safe and efficient work and patient flow. The position will be the onsite resource for codes and other emergency situations. It will assist staff in managing concerns and difficult situations involving staff, physicians, patients, families and incidents. 
 Regarding patient flow, the position, with Bed Allocation, will provide collaboration and co-ordination of patient admissions, discharges and transfers utilizing the available tools, standards, protocols and awareness of the status on each unit of the hospital. It will facilitate communication and collaboration among staff and physicians to enable the best patient care possible. The position will chair the bed meetings on the weekends. 
 Compensation: 
 Band E:  $42.16-$55.45 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Current Certificate of Registration with the College of Nurses as a Registered Nurse 
BScN required; master’s degree preferred 
A minimum of 3-5 years of recent managerial/leadership experience 
A minimum of 5 years of recent hospital experience in an acute care clinical area 
Demonstrated evidence of innovative leadership, flexibility and critical thinking 
Demonstrated ability to mentor, coach and support effective team building and functioning 
Ability to work independently 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to foster positive working relationships with all staff and interdepartmental units 
Knowledge of the scope of practice for RNs, RPNs and other Allied Health Professionals 
Exceptional problem solving skills, negotiation and conflict resolution skills 
Excellent human resources, financial and information management skills 
Proficient computer skills with working knowledge of Microsoft Office, internet, e-mail, etc. 
Evidence of ongoing professional development 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
