[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Technical Account Manager 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted October 5 
 Applications have closed 
 Upwork 
 
 Overview 
 Upwork has partnered with a global leader in providing business and technology consulting services that transform organizations through cloud-based solutions. They are the market-leader in their field, internationally recognized as an exceptional service provider with proven expertise in enterprise consulting, cloud platform migration, custom application development, managed services, user adoption and change management. 
 Our client is looking for a  Google Cloud Platform -   Technical Account Manager  to strategically help their clients succeed, with Google’s cutting-edge solutions. 
 You’ll focus on: 
 
 Provide robust and scalable technology solutions to enable customers to scale their operations into GCP. 
 Advise customers on technology standards, methodologies and processes as they relate to infrastructure, application architecture, and data engineering. 
 Design and develop infrastructure blueprints for the implementation of new solutions that bring customers storage and compute workloads from cloud and non-cloud environments to GCP. 
 Participate in proof of concept development to assist in defining technology direction for our customers. 
 Conduct regular touch points with clients to review their cloud strategy and provide updates on best practices and new products. 
 Build solutions which leverage novel approaches to existing business and technology challenges 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Systems Engineering, System Administration, or Systems Architecture experience 
 Strong working knowledge of cloud offerings and solutions (Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS) 
 Experience administering a variety of Linux distributions 
 Experience with information security practices and procedures 
 Strong working knowledge of VMware, Hyper-V, KVM, or other virtual software 
 Ability to define infrastructure as code using tools like Google Deployment Manager, Terraform, Chef, etc 
 Strong scripting abilities via BASH, Python, etc 
 Knowledge of network topology and associated technologies 
 Mature understanding of DevOps best practices for cloud-native build and release pipelines 
 Strong technical aptitude and the ability to digest advanced technical topologies and concepts 
 
 Certifications (strongly preferred, any of the below): 
 
 Google Certified Professional Cloud Architect 
 Google Certified Professional Data Engineer 
 AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional 
 AWS Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Be part of the largest partner of GCP in North America! 
 Awesome benefits! 
 Terrific pay! 
 Work from home opportunity! 
 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  159 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Visual Designer 
 Revolut  We're a digital alternative to the big banks 
 Various countries 🌎 
 * Designer
* November 19
 
 
 
 
 Senior Product Marketing Manager 
 Eventbrite  A global platform that allows anyone to create, share, find and attend events that fuel their passions 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* November 24
 
 
 
 
 Software Engineer 
 Lime  We offer electric scooter and bike rentals in over 100 countries around the world 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Developer
* December 20
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
