Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Appliance Service Technician (bilingual) 
 Miele Ltd. 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 
 Want to work for a high-end brand in the world? 
 Attractive Compensation and full benefits 
 Great staff discounts on beautiful kitchen appliances 
 
 “Make your career an amazing journey”   with Miele Canada 
 Miele Factory Appliance Service Technician 
 Montreal, QC 
 Since 1899, Miele has remained a family owned appliance business, designing and manufacturing high quality residential and professional appliances. Miele entered the Canadian market in 1998 and has been on a steady path of growth ever since. 
 We are looking for Service Technicians who are willing to go that "extra mile" and who will deliver a truly exceptional service experience on our behalf. 
 To help you to deliver this experience, you will have access to industry leading diagnostic tools and equipment, a first class field support team and regular product and business events to ensure that we're continuously investing in your expertise. We will also provide a Company service van and all required tools. 
 We Require: 
 
 Minimum of 2 yrs. experience in appliance service and repair 
 Must be O.D.P certified. 
 Refrigeration experience 
 G2 gas license and/or DA certification an asset 
 PC proficiency a must for our highly advanced service department 
 Experience with European equipment also an asset 
 Must be able to work independently 
 Must have a valid driver’s license 
 
 Our company philosophy of Immer Besser (Forever Better) emphasizes our desire to provide a working environment that fosters personal and professional growth and allows our employees to enhance their skills and take their careers to the next level. 
 Miele recognizes that competitive compensation is a cornerstone for recruiting and retaining employees. 
 Therefore we provide: 
 
 Great company culture and working environment 
 Competitive base salary plus performance based bonus· 
 15 days of paid vacation 
 Excellent benefits: life insurance(x3), medical and dental benefits, long and short term disability benefits · 
 RRSP/DPSP Plan – company contributes 6%, no matching required· 
 Career development 
 Great discounts on company products, gym membership and home/auto insurance discounts· 
 
 If you are interested and you would like to join our team, please submit your resume to 
Miele Ltd 
 For more information about Miele Ltd. please visit our website at www.miele.ca 
 We thank all candidates for their interest and advise that only those under consideration will be contacted. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 appliance service: 2 years (Preferred) 
 Refrigeration: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 G2 gas license (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
