LynnRMitchell.com 
 Virginia politics and more 
   
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contributors 
 
 Jul 23 2014 
 1 Comment 
  By Lynn R. Mitchell    SW Virginia Politics 
 Core Health & Fitness brings 250 new jobs to Grayson County 
 By Lynn R. Mitchell 
 Grayson County is located among the scenic mountains and quiet isolation of southwestern Virginia so the news of 250 new jobs is welcomed especially since Nautilus closed several years ago after 34 years as a county employer. Core Health & Fitness LLC, a leader in developing and marketing advanced strength and cardio equipment for the fitness industry, will invest $2 million to expand the former Med-Fit operation in Grayson County. They will locate in the former Nautilus facility in Independence. 
 Headquartered in Vancouver, Washington, the company markets and distributes the legendary StairMaster StepMill,® StairMaster StairCimber®, Schwinn® indoor cycling bikes, Star Trac® strength and cardio products and Spinner® bikes worldwide. 
 “We are excited to be able to acquire the Nautilus commercial licensing rights and to be able to manufacture world-renowned strength products in Independence, Virginia,” said Dustin Grosz, Core Health & Fitness President and Chief Operating Officer. “The skilled workforce has consistently built some of the best, if not the best, strength fitness equipment in the world. This campus will become our major, world-wide strength manufacturing hub. We are extremely pleased with the amount of support we have received from the Town of Independence, Grayson County and State of Virginia.” 
 The Virginia Economic Development Partnership worked closely with Grayson County and Virginia’s aCorridor to secure the project for the Commonwealth. Governor McAuliffe approved a $350,000 grant from the Governor’s Opportunity Fund to assist Grayson County with the project. The Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission approved $1.045 million in Tobacco Region Opportunity Funds for the project. Additional funding and services to support the company’s employee training activities will be provided through the Virginia Jobs Investment Program. 
 “We are elated that a world-class company such as Core Health & Fitness has chosen to carry on the storied tradition of Nautilus, and we are extremely honored to welcome them into our business community,” said John K. Brewer, Chairman, Grayson County Board of Supervisors. “This project means so much to Grayson County, and our community will forever be grateful for all the support and assistance received from Governor McAuliffe, Secretary Jones, Senator Carrico, Delegate O’Quinn, the Virginia Tobacco Commission, the Virginia Economic Development Partnership and Virginia’s aCorridor that made this deal possible.” 
 "I am excited about today's announcement by Core Health & Fitness,” said Senator Bill Carrico, a member of the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission and Senate District Representative  .  “It is an answer to many prayers by the Grayson County families affected by recent job losses and income reductions. I would like to congratulate all the county leaders who worked tirelessly to make this investment a reality. Since day one of the Med-Fit job losses, Grayson County leaders started the process of finding a solution, and today their efforts have paid off in the form of 250 quality jobs and $2 million in new capital investments. On behalf of the Virginia Tobacco Commission, we are so pleased to have played a $1 million role in this success story, which will provide much-needed opportunities to the great citizens of Grayson County for years to come." 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Pocket 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged   Bill Carrico ,  cardio equipment ,  Core Health & Fitness LLC ,  Grayson County ,  Grayson County Board of Supervisors ,  Independence ,  John K. Brewer ,  Nautilus ,  StairMaster ,  Virginia Economic Development Partnership ,  Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission 
 One thought on "Core Health & Fitness brings 250 new jobs to Grayson County" 
 
 Lewis Loflin  says: 
 
 July 24, 2014 at 5:45 pm 
 Here we go with the same old taxpayer scam. The old company defaulted on their incentive packages. These are not new jobs but rehires and there will be no 250 jobs just like it wasn't the last time. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 <- Previous post 
 Next post -> 
 Categories 
 
 America 
 Back in homeschool classroom 
 Bush Family 
 Central Virginia Politics 
 Comics and Cartoons 
 Education 
 Family and friends 
 Hampton Roads Politics 
 History 
 International Politics 
 Military 
 National Politics 
 Northern Virginia Politics 
 Religion 
 Republican Party 
 Richmond Politics 
 RVA 
 Shenandoah Valley 
 Shenandoah Valley Politics 
 Southwestern Virginia 
 Sports 
 Stand Up Paddle Boarding (SUP) 
 SW Virginia Politics 
 Tourism 
 uncategorized 
 Virginia 
 Virginia Politics 
 Virginia Tourism 
 Weather 
 
 Follow on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Search for: 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 LynnRMitchell.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 LynnRMitchell.com 
 Virginia politics and more 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
