Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Remote Back-End Engineer REMOTEPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 We’re on the lookout for our next Back-End Engineer, could it be you? Our engineers help mission-driven organizations and forward-thinking companies build for the other side of the screen. They also contribute to the technical community through writing, building products, contributing to open-source, and public speaking (if that’s your thing).  NO RECRUITERS OR AGENCIES PLEASE AND THANK YOU. 
 About Zaengle: 
 Zaengle is a web engineering firm that’s a digital force for good. We build software, digital products, and websites for non-profits, digital agencies, and businesses. We're a 100% remote team across the US and UK. Each team member has a lot of autonomy and influence — this means we only hire folks who are highly motivated, accountable, and operate with integrity. You’ll be encouraged to develop creative solutions to problems, communicate and defend your ideas to clients, manage your responsibilities, and stay up-to-date on the latest best practices. 
 What We’re Looking For:   The Most Important Things 
 We want to talk to you if you are: 
 
 Self-motivated.  You don’t want to be micromanaged, or have your hand held. You don’t shy away from hard work, and always embrace new challenges. 
 Self-aware.  You’re confident in your strengths and know what your weaknesses are. These don’t discourage you, rather, they make you even stronger. 
 Honest.  You aren’t perfect, and neither are we. Integrity, honesty, and humility are hallmarks of your life. 
 Generous.  You love helping others, sharing your expertise, and creatively giving back. 
 A genuine communicator.  When you talk to clients, or your teammates, you’re clear, to the point, confident, and genuine. 
 A learner.  When you don’t know something it’s not a roadblock — you passionately seek answers and solutions without being told to. 
 
 What We’re Looking For:  Other Important Things 
 We want to talk to you if you are proficient (or willing to learn) in: 
 
 PHP / Laravel 
 VueJS 
 API engineering 
 CMS experience (Craft, Statamic) a plus 
 Other JS frameworks (i.e. React, Node) a plus 
 Technical architecture 
 Automated deployment & testing systems 
 Experience in exploratory tech (WebVR, WebGL, Facebook Bots, Alexa voice apps) a plus 
 
 Other Details 
 
 Zaengle is a 100% remote team spanning the US and UK 
 Compensation is very competitive, paid holidays, flexible paid time off, healthcare benefits offered 
 Additional perks include profit sharing, semi-annual "ZaengleCon" events, and conferences 
 This role reports to our Lead Engineer 
 As we seek to live out  "Be Nice, Do Good"  we also provide time / budget for our team members to give back to their communities and underprivileged people groups 
 
 How to Apply 
 Send us samples of your work — live examples, link to your GitHub profile, CodePen, or whatever else. In addition, we’d love to hear about challenges you faced, obstacles overcome, or reasoning behind the decisions you made. Give us a glimpse into your process! 
 
 Link to a blog post, article you’ve written, or presentation you’ve given in the past year on any topic. 
 What is one cause, organization, global challenge, or initiative you’re most passionate about? 
 Mention "Aardvark" in your response. 
 What is one challenge you've faced (in work, life, anything!) and how did you overcome it? 
 
 Send everything to:  [email protected] 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Zaengle 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Anywhere 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   http://zaengle.com 
 __  Posted April 25, 2019 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
