  
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Prayer
 
 Inspirational Prayer 
 Healing Prayers 
 
 
 Healing
 
 Healing Depression 
 Light Body Healing 
 Spiritual Counseling 
 
 
 Guidance
 
 Spiritual Guidance 
 Daily Meditation 
 Blessings of Light 
 Request Guidance 
 
 
 Daily Life
 
 Spiritual Life 
 Spiritual Relationships 
 Spirit at Work 
 Daily Inspiration 
 Dream Meanings 
 Spiritual Poems 
 
 
 One World
 
 World Change 
 Create One World 
 
 
 Donate 
 
 
 Home 
 Inspirational Prayer 
 Seeking for the right job in Singapore 
 
 Seeking for the right job in Singapore 
 by Maria 
(Singapore) 
 Lord, 
Please hear my Heart's yearnings and make it possible for me to find the right job for my kids future. I am here in Singapore hoping to land a job. I know all possibilities can only happen in your own will. And I know that you will never forsake me nor forget me. I know that you are hearing my prayers and you know what is the best for me. I am just seeking for comfort as most of the time I feel stress and starting to lose faith. Please, Lord. Don't let that happen to me. Make me strong just like what you were when you were suffering because the people forsake you. Please lead me to the right job and or lead the right Company to me. In Jesus name, Amen! 
 Click here to post comments 
  Return to Prayer Requests Current. 
 Latest News! Get Our  First to Know  Updates 
 Receive first notice of our newest classes, ebooks, free healing circles, and one-time only special offerings, created specially for 2020. 
 Name: | 
E-mail Address:| 
 Newest On Our Site 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 What is Energy Healing Therapy? 
 
 
 How energy healing therapy can assist your body, mind and spirit to find greater harmony, ease, and balance. 
 Read More 
 
 
 Prayers for Healing - Supports for Your Daily Prayer and Meditation 
 
 
 These prayers for healing are offered to help support and assist you in your daily prayer and meditation. 
 Read More 
 
 
 New in 2020 - Free Live Online Healing Session 
 
 
 Join us every Wednesday at 12 noon Eastern time for the World Blessings Circle of Healing! 
 Read More 
 [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site 
 
 
 
 
 
 About   Contact   Privacy   Search 
 _Copyright© 2005-2020 WorldBlessings.com 
_ 
