Skip to content 
 Jon D. Erickson 
 Blittersdorf Professor of Sustainability Science & Policy 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 
 Teacher 
 
 
 Scholar 
 
 
 Collaborator 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 The UVM Economist Behind Bernie’s Job Numbers 
 Posted by Jon Erickson February 6, 2020April 12, 2020 Posted in Blog Archive 
 By Arno Rosenfeld. Cross-posted from  Gund Institute for Environment . 
 February 6, 2020 
 Bernie Sanders' proposed Green New Deal is sparking innovative work by students and professors alike, says UVM's Jon Erickson, who crunched job numbers for the plan. 
 When Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign released job numbers for its Green New Deal proposal last fall, projecting it would put 20 million people to work, it raised some eyebrows. 
 Politico   suggested the figures were “outlandish,” while   The New York Times   cautioned that job growth was “not so simple.” 
 But University of Vermont professor  Jon Erickson , who created the projections, knew the figures were sound: they came directly from economic analyses he’s been doing for decades. 
 “Any presidential candidate wants to show big job numbers behind their proposals,” said Erickson, a  Gund Institute for Environment  Fellow from the  Rubenstein School of Environment and Natural Resources . “But these are actually modest numbers given the economic transformation needed to confront climate change. As with Roosevelt’s New Deal, the Green New Deal would redefine the economy as we know it.” 
 Erickson, the Blittersdorf Professor of Sustainability Science & Policy, has long informally advised Sanders’ staff on energy and environmental issues, and over the summer he volunteered to conduct the jobs analysis of the Green New Deal proposal. Using a national economic model of relationships between economic sectors, Erickson analyzed the expenditures of the proposed $16.3 trillion investment over a 10-year planning horizon. The plan’s economy-wide multiplier effects – covering everything from renewable energy development and infrastructure repairs to ecological restoration and climate resilience efforts – added up to a lot of jobs. 
 Economic modeling is tied to Erickson’s broader research on the environmental and social dimensions of economic transitions, including Vermont’s  Genuine Progress Indicator  (GPI), which he pioneered with colleague Eric Zencey. As an alternative to GDP, policy makers in Vermont and around the country use GPI to consider the broader costs and benefits of different development paths. 
 As the Democratic presidential primary enters its pivotal phase, Erickson says the Green New Deal has sparked an outburst of student ideas and enthusiasm. His undergraduate students have researched and pitched Green Mountain Deal proposals to Vermont’s Lieutenant Governor David Zuckerman. Graduate students in the  Leadership for the Ecozoic  (L4E) and  Economics for the Anthropocene  (E4A) partnerships, international programs he co-leads, are investigating Green New Deal mobilizations in agriculture, energy systems, and more. 
 “Students already arrive at UVM looking to change the world,” said Erickson, whose E4A and L4E partnerships include over 50 graduate students at UVM, McGill University and York University working on a just transition. “The question is how do we rapidly create a carbon neutral economy with government stimulus and direction, and do it in a way that empowers the most vulnerable communities with justice, jobs, and hope?” 
 Erickson is also an Emmy award-winning film producer. He directed the 2017 documentary “ Waking the Sleeping Giant ” on the new progressive movement in the U.S., centered around Sanders’ 2016 run for the Democratic presidential nomination. His previous film, “Bloom,” focused on nutrient pollution and algae blooms in Lake Champlain. 
 After years of research showing the need for improved climate policies, and a growing chorus of citizens calling for action, Erickson said it increasingly feels as though policymakers are listening. 
 “For a long time, ecological economics has been calling for an economic transformation that recognizes pollution limits and prioritizes justice,” Erickson said. “The Green New Deal is pushing decades of research on alternative economies into policy conversations beyond the halls of academia.” 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted by Jon Erickson February 6, 2020April 12, 2020 Posted in Blog Archive 
 Published by Jon Erickson 
 Blittersdorf Professor of Sustainability Science & Policy University of Vermont   View more posts  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
A Just Transition to a Right-Sized Economy 
 Next Post Next post: 
After the Pandemic - Designing a Just and Resilient Economy for All 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Crash Course in Ecological Economics 
 New Book on "Sustainable Wellbeing Futures" 
 After the Pandemic - Designing a Just and Resilient Economy for All 
 The UVM Economist Behind Bernie’s Job Numbers 
 A Just Transition to a Right-Sized Economy 
 
 Recent Press 
 Coronavirus and Climate Change: a Tale of Two Crises 
 The UVM Economist Behind Bernie’s Job Numbers 
 Democrats Say Their Climate Plans Will Create Jobs. It’s Not So Simple 
 More Press  HERE 
 
 Blog Archive 
 
 Jon D. Erickson ,  Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
