  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Interview   
  Interview Psychology   
 How to Mentally Prepare for a Job Interview 
 
 How to Mentally Prepare for a Job Interview 
 by Sari Friedman 
 Getting that next great role is going to involve an  interview . Most of the time there are multiple interviews – a  phone screen , an interview with HR, and at least one interview with the hiring manager. Interviews are your opportunity to showcase your career brand, sell the potential employer on how your skills and experience are a fit for the role, and your chance to gain some insight about the organization and the role. At the very least, every interview is a chance to  practice your interview skills , and in some cases the interview will be that necessary step towards landing a great role. Interviews are a highly evaluative situation and particularly when you are really keen on that organization and role, it can be quite  stressful . To a certain extent stress can enhance performance, but there is a tipping point where stress can have a detrimental effect. The best way to tackle stress is to anticipate it and use tools and techniques to keep it at an optimal level. We have acknowledged that job interviews can be stressful, and we know that we want to put our best selves forward in that situation, so how can we best mentally prepare for a job interview? 
 RESEARCH & PREPARE 
 Knowledge is power. Having information can help reduce ambiguity, and thereby keep stress at a manageable level. Conducting research can enable you to provide  great responses to interview questions . Find out as much detail as you can about the organization and the interviewer. You can accomplish this by using  LinkedIn  and the company’s website to conduct some research. The more you know about the company and the role, the more prepared you will feel. Take this another step further by  designing some interview questions  based on the job posting and practice interviewing for the role. You can design sample behavioural based interview questions for each requirement in the posting. Have a friend or family member play the role of the interviewer and give you some feedback. Alternatively, record yourself responding to the questions and play it back so you can observe yourself and make some improvements. Doing a few  mock interviews  will likely help you feel more at ease for the real deal. 
 LOGISTICS 
 Get the facts straight about when and where the interview will be held. Find out who you will be meeting with, their role(s) and use LinkedIn to gather some information on their professional background. As well, it’s important to know if you’re preparing for a one-on-one interview or a  panel interview . Be sure to bring an extra copy of your  resume  and a device to take notes. 
 Know where you’re going. Check the route of your commute whether it be by public transit, foot or car. If you’re driving, be sure to identify parking lots in advance and their payment methods as some are cash only. If you’re taking public transportation, check online about any potential closures or detours. Leave yourself a minimum of 30 minutes of extra time to get there. Better to be there early than to be scrambling to get there on time, or worst of all, get there late. If you are currently in a role and need to coordinate the absence from work, be sure to figure out that plan and your ‘story’. 
 If you are going from your current employment to the interview, wear something that you can potentially dress up or down. Make your  interview outfit choice  consistent with your current organization’s typical attire while at the same time easily adaptable to what you have determined is most suitable for the interview. 
 WELLNESS & SLEEP 
 Part of preparing for a stressful event is acknowledging that it has the potential to be stressful. You can utilize that awareness to do a few things that will help reduce the negative effects of stress. Get a good night’s sleep in advance of the interview. Everyone’s sleep patterns and habits are different, but many people experience a disruption in sleep the night before an interview. Do what you need to do to make sure you sleep well. No caffeine late in the day, don’t eat too close to bedtime and avoid bright light from devices late at night. Spend some time during the day to review your resume, interview notes and go over the logistics. Then put it aside and do something relaxing for those last few hours before bedtime. Some suggestions include meditation, reading and stretching. There are many apps, podcasts and online tools to get you started with meditation. Make sure the activity is calming and puts your mind at ease. If you are going to use an electronic device to watch a tv show or correspond with friends, make sure the light is not too bright as that can interfere with sleep cycles. I didn’t mention social media as a late in the evening activity because it isn’t known for its calming effects. On the morning of the interview, be sure to eat something healthy, something that you know you digest easily and that gives you some energy. Be attentive to your wellness during your commute. 
 VISUALIZE IT GOING WELL 
 You’ve researched, thought through the logistics, focused on your wellness and slept well – you’re ready for the interview. One last thing to help you mentally prepare for the interview is to visualize it going well. Research shows that visualization is a great method to reduce stress and has been shown to increase the likelihood of achieving goals. Picture the outcome that you are hoping for. Imagine that you will have your stress in check. Visualize in your mind that you will respond to questions with ease. Envision yourself asking a few pointed questions. And, while you’re at it why not even visualize yourself getting that job! After all, you are mentally prepared. 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Job Interviews: More Success Secrets You Really Need to Know  
 Employment Interviewing: The Winning Strategy  
 Five Tips to Improve Your Job Interview  
 10 Body Language Errors to Avoid at Your Next Job Interview  
 Communication Strategies for Women in the Job Interview  
 When to Schedule a Job Interview  
 10 Tips to Set Up a Great Mock Interview  
 Ask Insightful Questions at the Job Interview Using the Gravitas Model  
 
 FAQ 
 
 What Questions to Ask During a Job Interview? 
 What to Wear for a Job Interview? 
 How to Answer Interview Questions? 
 How to Ask for Feedback When You Did Not Land the Job? 
 What Your Non-Verbal Communication Says About You and How to Fix It? 
 How to Make a Good Impression (Visually)? 
 How to Prepare for a Phone Interview? 
 What Is an Informal Interview and How to Approach It? 
 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2021 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
