Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-Time Crew Member 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 Bartlett Family Restaurants – We operate a market of 8 McDonald's Restaurants within Scarborough and Markham. We have been a family owned business since 2007. Since then our team has grown significantly and to date, we are currently employing over 650 team members and counting. Our team is more than just a team, we value each other like a family. We are a diverse team of people with special talents, unique personalities and respect each other’s cultures, religions and beliefs. We believe in social responsibility and community involvement. Our core values are “Family Culture, People First, Passion for exceptional guest satisfaction.” The most important person in our business is our guest. 
 Job Description 
 Our family bond has allowed us to understand the meaning of work/life balance. We depend on flexible hours to ensure a better quality of life, personally and financially. We offer fair wage and employment practices so employees can build a future for themselves and their families. With adequate training and coaching, we reward our team based off their performance which, will open opportunities for promotion and advancement. Majority of our management team started as crew members and developed their success through our systems. We also provide on-the-job learning of many skills to prepare our crew members for other jobs outside of our system. 
 Your Job 
 Be guest obsessed:  Always putting the guests experience at the center of everything you do 
Genuine communication – Listen, Discuss and Understand 
Work quickly, efficiently and take responsibility when necessary 
Preparing mouth-watering, gold standard quality food 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile 
Packaging food with care and accuracy 
Delivering presentable meals straight to our guests table 
 Qualifications 
 Must be able to work 32-40 hours a week 
Early mornings OR Late Night 
Flexible availability (Able to work as early at 6am OR as late as midnight) 
History of good attendance 
 Additional Information 
 At the end of the day, we want our team to love what they do. We are here to serve delicious food and want our community to take pride in our restaurant. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
