  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Operations Associate (Remote UK/EU) 
 at PerchPeek 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤19500 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤19500 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Hey, 
 Thanks for checking out our job posting for the role of Operations Associate at PerchPeek. You've already taken a tiny step towards being a part of our team - huzzah! 
 We know that taking your next career step is as exciting as it can be scary. So, with that in mind, we've tried to keep our description simple and bull***t free to help you decide if PerchPeek and this role are a good match for you. We've tried to avoid using too many cliches but sometimes they sum it nicely, so you'll just have to wince and forgive us. 
 Who are PerchPeek? 
 Have you ever tried to move home before? Did you manage to do it without swearing or rolling your eyes at some point in the process? Didn't think so… That's because no matter where in the world you go it's a crappy process that's always time intensive and stressful. PerchPeek was conceived to change that. 
 Whether it's moving city or moving country, PerchPeek's aim is to help people find the perfect home in a neighbourhood they'll love. Our fundamental belief is that we can use technology to make moving simpler, faster, more secure and even enjoyable. By combining our awesome AI platform with our even more awesome Support Squad we help people throughout their journey. We start with helping them decide where to live and only finish when they are settled into their new home and community. You can find out more by checking out our website. 
 What 's next for PerchPeek? 
 We know what you're thinking - surely nobody is relocating at the moment? Well, you're partly right, Covid-19 certainly threw some interesting curveballs our way. But we've continued to hit some fantastic home runs and over the past 2 months have actually expanded our operations into 8 countries and counting. (Normal startup protocol would dictate that we put a rocket emoji in at this point, but we promised no cliches so…) 
 We're looking for a bright, hyper-organised and super motivated Ops Associate who's willing to get stuck into the nitty-gritty of helping us to keep track of where everybody's moving to. They'll be at the centre of our operations working directly with both our founding team and our Support Squad in Indonesia to help PerchPeek deliver a superb customer experience. 
 Here 's a brief overview of what the Ops Associate will be doing; 
 The core objective for this role: Make sure people using the Perchpeek App find homes they love. Everything you do will underpin this objective so if it's not on the list, but you can think of it, then it's likely you'll be doing it! Here are the basics though: 
 
 From the moment a person first comes to Perchpeek, to after they've settled into their new home, you're responsible for supporting their search from scheduling of viewings, to contract negotiations and settling in. 
 You'll work closely with our Support Squad in Indonesia to create a best in class support team with lightning fast reply times 24/7. 
 You'll manage and report on our pipeline of movers. This includes reporting internally to our founding team, as well as our external corporate clients. 
 You'll develop and maintain our operational processes, as well as creating new ones and help us with tool ideas that will enable you to achieve an awesome operational environment. 
 You'll analyse customer journeys and feedback to provide the Product team with insights on which platform features are most desirable to build next from an operational perspective. 
 You'll support our Chief Experience Officer in measuring how happy our customers are throughout the process with PerchPeek and beyond. 
 
 A couple of additional areas to note: 
 We know you have a life beyond work and we work hard to make sure that our team has the right balance but it would be remiss for us not to add at this stage that you may need to provide cover and work shifts outside of normal business hours such as weekends and bank holidays. 
 We want you to contribute to other areas that interest you too. We are a young startup and "Think Big' is one of core values, so you'll have the opportunity to drive the business forward in areas beyond operations too. 
 Finally, if you excel, there's a good chance that you'll be leading the team as it rapidly grows so that we can efficiently scale with our customer base. 
 You should join us if; 
 Our core values align to your own values. These really matter to us, so we need them to matter to you. Before you consider applying, please take the time to think whether you're ready to commit to each of them every day. You can check them out at www.perchpeek.com 
 In terms of the type of person we're looking for: 
 
 Customer Obsessed: Since it's our number one value, we wanted to reiterate it here. This is especially important in this role because it's crucial that you have the customer's needs at the heart of your thoughts and actions every day 
 Organised & Efficient: "If you want something done, ask a busy person." We need you to be able to absorb pressure and thrive when spinning 10 plates at once. (If you literally know how to spin plates then please include in your cover letter - our CEO's a big fan of magic and similar skills! 
 Relentlessly Focused on Delivery: Things move quickly at PerchPeek so you should relish challenges and have a strong natural instinct to drive things to completion. 
 Logical Thinker: You can balance logical thinking with a creative mindset to solve problems. 
 Curious: We're looking for the ability and curiosity to adapt to a constantly changing environment. 
 
 Preferred Skills: 
 
 Effective prioritization and organisational skills with a track record of being able to multitask and meet deadlines. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to explain complex concepts in a simple manner. 
 Natural relationship building abilities and able to work with a wide range of people at all decision-making levels. 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving with the mental acuity to solve end-to-end problems. 
 Highly attentive with a keen eye for detail 
 Comfortable working autonomously and has previously demonstrated a strong level of comfort in driving projects forward, but is equally a team player through and through. 
 Tech savvy - we're happy to build up your computer based skills, but we need you to be comfortable with the basics and eager to learn how to use new tools. 
 Fluent in English, but further languages are a huge plus. 
 We are open to applications from both candidates already in Operations roles, but also candidates who are looking to launch a new career. 
 
 What are the PerchPerks? 
 Beyond being surrounded by stuffed parrots every day? 
 
 We provide super competitive salaries and regular reviews 
 Unlimited holidays so that when you're working you're charged up bringing your A-game 
 Annual €2k learning & development budget - So you can get some structured and proactive growth outside of the office 
 Flexible working - We are a fully remote organisation so post-covid if you feel like going to work on a beach somewhere exotic, go for it. 
 Time spent turning colleagues into friends (corny but we don't care) - Friday socials, quarterly team days and an annual reTREAT 
 Experience growing an early stage startup that's raised over $2m in VC funding and getting to work with a strong Founding Team that care about culture 
 Free stuffed Perchies (parrots) and parrot themed games 
 
 If there's something else you need support on, we're open to discussions too. 
 Logistics 
 We are an Equal Opportunity employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Whatever your gender, race, religion, age, sexual orientation, marital status or disability - we want to hear from you. 
 Please share your CV, as well as a short cover letter. We're not looking for you to spend hours crafting it, keep it brief, a couple of short paragraphs at most. We just want to hear why you think PerchPeek and this role are interesting and how you think you could knock it out the park - don't be shy, we're all ears! 
 You'll hear back from us within 10 working days and if you've been successful you'll be invited for a quick phone call with one of the PerchPeek team so we can get to know each other a bit better. 
 Afterwards, if we think we might be well matched, then we'll be doing a round of interviews and maybe a fun challenge or two before making our final decision. At this point in time final round interviews are likely to be on Zoom, but watch this space... 
 We hope you're as excited to apply as we are to hear from you - Good luck! 
 Published at 13 Jan 2021 - Expires on 13 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  PerchPeek 
 fulltime  Head of Operations  at PerchPeek in London 
 __26-12-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
