
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Vena Vitals (S20) 
 A small sticker that monitors blood pressure continuously 
 Lab Technician 
 
 Location 
 Irvine, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 About Vena Vitals 
 Vena Vitals makes a small sticker that monitors blood pressure continuously. We've shown that it works in the operating room and is as accurate as the best tools doctors have today, at a fraction of the cost. We're a team of health tech scientists with multiple past startups and exits, and we've built products that have scaled to over 2M users. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  MATLAB 
 About Us 
 Vena Vitals is on a mission to transform patient care through better cardiovascular monitoring. We make a small wearable device that monitors blood pressure continuously. Unlike other BP monitors that only take a snapshot in time, we record the entire dynamic movie to track changes that can be life-saving. We have strong early clinical results, and we’re now expanding our clinical studies across multiple sites around the country. From the operating room to the home, we plan to become the most accurate and actionable cardiovascular monitoring and management system to help improve the lives of over a billion patients across the world each year. 
 Description 
 Vena Vitals is seeking a lab technician to help develop the next generation of continuous blood pressure monitoring devices, with the following responsibilities: 
 
 Perform routine and non-routine tests and analyses using the appropriate technical equipment and instruments 
 Conduct benchtop microfabrication of soft wearable pressure sensors. 
 Document detailed quality control tests and fabrication processes. 
 Monitor reagents, solvents, and consumable inventory. 
 Maybe participate in clinical studies. 
 Participate in R&D of wearable sensors. 
 Prepare/manage SOPs for lab equipment and fabrication processes. 
 Required to follow all safety procedures, policies, precautions, and quality assurance. 
 Will be trained by and reporting to CTO. 
 
 To apply, please send cover letter and resume to  [email protected] 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Vena Vitals 
 Biomedical Digital Signal Processing Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Irvine / Remote 
 Embedded Systems 
 3+ years 
 Lab Technician 
 fulltime 
 Irvine, CA 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
