Letters From Away 
 About Maine and Mainers by someone 'from away' 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact me 
 My Maine Links 
 
   
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 <- Older posts 
 Navigating the poverty line: Pressure on Portland’s social safety net grows as dramatically does ranks of unemployed | Portland Press Herald 
 Posted on  November 5, 2011  |  Leave a comment 
 
 PORTLAND – It was about 6 a.m., dark and cold, when Brian Gailliot got on the welfare line Friday. 
 Portland’s General Assistance office wouldn’t open until 8, but the line was already 30 deep when he arrived. A man and woman at the front had been sitting there in folding chairs since 10 p.m. Thursday. 
 “There’s just not enough work,” said Gailliot, who currently works part time for a temp agency, eats at the local soup kitchen and sleeps in a friend’s apartment. “I haven’t had my own place for a year and a half.” 
 One in eight Mainers lived below the poverty line in 2010, according to recently released U.S. census data. Maine’s poverty rate hit 12.5 percent in 2010, up from 11.4 percent the year before. 
 On the streets, the prolonged economic slump is translating into dramatic increases in the number of unemployed people who have exhausted savings and unemployment benefits and are seeking help for the first time at Portland’s food pantries, soup kitchens and welfare offices. 
 
 Click to  read more of the story by John Richardson  in the Portland Press Herald. 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Food and Drink ,  Health and Welfare ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  Economy ,  General Assistance ,  homelessness ,  jobs ,  Portland ,  poverty ,  unemployment ,  welfare 
 Maine jobless rate 7.3% for November | The Portland Press Herald / Maine Sunday Telegram 
 Posted on  December 16, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Maine jobless rate 7.3% for November | The Portland Press Herald / Maine Sunday Telegram . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  Economy ,  jobless ,  jobs ,  unemployment rate 
 Maine unemployment rate drops in October | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  November 23, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Maine unemployment rate drops in October | Bangor Daily News . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  joblessness ,  jobs ,  Maine Labor Department ,  unemployment 
 My best hasn’t been good enough – yet 
 Posted on  November 5, 2010  |  4 comments 
 Today marks 20 months since I was laid off. 
 There are times it feels as if it happened just yesterday. Or a million years ago. 
 And there are other times when it feels as if this is all part of a very, very bad nightmare from which I will awake. 
 Eventually. Soon. … Anytime now. 
 In those 20 months I’ve sent out hundreds of resume packages, filled out countless applications, and uploaded my resume onto dozens of websites. I put in at least six to 12 hours every day seeking suitable employment. I look and look and look. I network. I blog. I lament. 
 And, so far, that effort has resulted in a handful of face-to-face interviews, a couple of phone interviews, and a few thanks-but-no-thanks rejection letters. 
 But no job offers. 
 Yet. 
 As it has been for so many Americans – still nearly 15 million Americans, in fact – finding work as been elusive – frustrating, maddening, demoralizing – and it doesn’t seem as if things are getting much better. The national unemployment rate is stuck at 9.6 percent and I live in a county in Northern California where the unemployment rate hovers at 16.6 percent. 
 I blame the Republicans. I blame the Democrats. I blame Wall Street bankers. I blame greedy industrialists. 
 I blame everyone, including myself. 
 After all, I should have peered into a crystal ball and seen coming the collapse of the newspaper industry – and the housing industry and the automobile industry and every other industry that isn’t Facebook, Google, Apple, Microsoft or … . Well, you get the point. 
 I blame myself because while I was working for a living, I neglected to take time off from work to train to be proficient in the latest necessary skills I might or might not need sometime in the distant or not-so-distant future. 
 Of course, “the latest necessary skills” fluctuate every couple of years so I suppose I could have worked for a year and taken more time off for training in “the latest necessary skills” and continued that cycle. 
 But no. I worked. For 22 years. In an industry that continues to undergo convulsions. 
 And now I have little to show for those 22 years of hard work. No income. No health insurance. No prospects. 
 And dwindling hope that I will find a new job before my Unemployment Insurance benefits expire at the beginning of 2011. 
 In the past 20 months people have told me “You have to reinvent yourself,” “You have to be entrepreneurial,” “You have to start your own business,” “You should write a book,” “You should …”. 
 You get the point. All great ideas, but reinvent myself into what? I don’t even balance my checkbook, how could I be an entrepreneur or start a business? And don’t people realize how many books are written and how very few are actually published? 
 But even after all the disappointment, all the setbacks, all the failed efforts, I still believe I can contribute in some way. I continue to seek suitable employment in newspapers or using my skills working for a nonprofit or in green industry or government. I keep seeking any escape from the way things are now so that I can get my life back on track. 
 I continue to follow the mantra – one step forward every day. One step forward today, tomorrow and the next day. 
 4 Comments 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Journalism ,  Newspapers ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  blogging ,  cover letters ,  employees ,  employers ,  jobless ,  jobs ,  networking ,  resumes ,  UI ,  unemployed ,  unemployment ,  unemployment insurance 
 Yacht maker offers to buy Eastport’s Boat School | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  October 22, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 
 EASTPORT, Maine — One of the world’s premier yacht makers, who has previously focused his manufacturing efforts in Taiwan, China and Tampa Bay, Fla., has made an offer that could turn around the financially struggling city of Eastport. David Marlow of Marlow Yachts approached the City Council during a workshop this week and floated a proposal to buy The Boat School, which is owned by the city and leased to Husson University. 
 His plans include expanding The Boat School program from a two-year to a four-year marine trades program while keeping Husson University involved. He also plans to revamp the campus, expand the existing boatyard and build an on-site yacht manufacturing facility that could create 100 new jobs. 
 “This could be a godsend for Eastport,” City Manager Jon Southern said Thursday. “This business is compatible with every city goal for our working waterfront. It is ecologically friendly. It would create high-quality jobs. It protects The Boat School and retains the partnership we have with Husson.” 
 
 Click for  the rest of the story by Sharon Kiley Mack  in the Bangor Daily News. 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Education and Schools ,  Maine ,  Outdoors ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  boat building ,  David Marlow ,  Eastport ,  Eastport Port Authority ,  Economy ,  employment ,  Husson University ,  jobs ,  Marlow Yachts ,  The Boat School ,  Washington County ,  yacht maker 
 Jackson Lab radio interview about hundreds of Maine jobs created by Collier project causes ruckus | Naples (Florida) Daily News 
 Posted on  October 21, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Jackson Lab radio interview about hundreds of Maine jobs created by Collier project causes ruckus | Naples (Florida) Daily News 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Education and Schools ,  Environment ,  Maine 
 Tagged  Bar Harbor ,  Barron Collier Co. ,  Collier County ,  Florida ,  Jackson Laboratory ,  jobs ,  Maine ,  Maine Public Broadcasting Network ,  Mike Hyde ,  nonprofit genetics research institute 
 State buys northern Maine rail line for $20.1 million | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  October 19, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 State buys northern Maine rail line for $20.1 million | Bangor Daily News . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  Aroostook County ,  bonds ,  Economy ,  jobs ,  Montreal Maine and Atlantic Railway ,  referendum ,  TIGER ,  trackage rights ,  Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery ,  workers 
 X marks the spot, but it has nothing to do with pirates 
 Posted on  September 30, 2010  |  4 comments 
 
 X marks the spot. 
 In ancient tales of pirates and their bold deeds, the ribbon of the stories’ plots with few exceptions twirled their way to one common element – booty. 
 No, not  that  “booty.” 
 Treasure, buried or otherwise – that’s the booty. 
 And with few exceptions, a map to the booty included an X to mark the location where the booty – the treasure – could be found. X marks the spot, the saying goes. 
 Inevitably, the map was either faked, or the X really didn’t mark the actual location of the treasure or mutiny and treachery prevented story stakeholders from learning the final disposition of the buried booty. 
 Or there was no treasure in the first place. 
 Of course, in most cases X didn’t actually mark the spot. Instead, it symbolized other things – greed mostly, but also dreams, aspirations, hope, and, since we are talking pirates, lots and lots of grog. 
 For me, however, an X this week meant a completely different thing. 
 It means that thread-worn safety net called unemployment insurance – simply UI for those of us unfortunate to have needed it – is coming to an end. Without further congressional action, many of the 15 million Americans out of work will also be out of luck. 
 You see, there is a box on the front of unemployment insurance continued claim form, under question No. 3, to be precise – that until this point had gone unfilled. The unemployment rate had been so high, the extensions coming, and other factors, that people legitimately out of work did not see the X in the box. 
 The X means someone on UI must turn over the form and fill in the information on the companies at which the claimant has applied for work. Seeking employment is a requirement of continued UI, but without the X to mark the spot, a claimant needed only answer “yes” to the question “Did you look for work?” 
 The X – along with the additional eligibility requirements for Federal-State Extended Duration Benefits, or Fed-Ed extension – means a claimant must provide the following information for potential employers contacted each week: 
 
 Date applied 
 Company name 
 Company address (Internet address is acceptable.) 
 Person contacted 
 Type of work applied 
 Results of the contact 
 
 The EDD knows that looking for work does not always mean an opportunity to fill out an application. But the requirements are what the requirements are and it means added anxiety and pressure to find at least three jobs each week for the form. 
 I wish there was buried booty where X marks the spot, but there is not. Where the X marks the spot are renewed feelings of failure, demoralization and concern for what the future may bring. It brings crashing down the house of cards that is the UI stopgap measure. 
 EDD outsourcing their replies? 
 Here’s a sidebar to this whole thing. My latest continued claim form arrived last week, which was followed earlier this week by a form letter informing me of the number of employer contacts I needed to make each week – three. 
 The problem: The second form arrived too late for me to make adjustments for the first week, a week in which I applied for one job, but had a couple of phone interviews. The “three employer contact” rule seems reasonable – my personal goal each week was to apply for at least five jobs – but out of fairness to the claimant, the information should come along with the continued claim form. 
 I tried calling EDD to address my concerns, but calling the toll-free number led to a recorded message that provided another toll-free number, which led to another recorded message, that provided the first toll-free number. That, my friends, is a bureaucratic merry-go-round. There were no obvious options to be directed to a live person – although I since have been told that I should have dialed the first number and punched in 0 for an operator – so I went to the EDD website and used their online “Contact EDD” form. 
 I’m not sure, but EDD may have outsourced their reply services because the reply I received the next day was very nearly nonsensical. I asked several specific questions and received in reply: “Your feded [sic] claim was filed effective 09-XX-10 employers: on newpapers [sic], word of mouth, net working [sic], t.v., radio from friends and relatives maybe some of the source Good luck Thank you kindly.” 
 The reply – who in this country uses “thank you kindly” – failed to answer any of the questions I poised in my email to EDD. I suppose I’ll do the best I can to fill out the form this time around and pray that I am not determined ineligible. If I am determined ineligible, I suppose I could always search for buried treasure. … Now, where did I put that eye patch. 
 4 Comments 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  booty ,  buried treasure ,  California Employment Development Department ,  EDD ,  Fed-Ed extension ,  Federal-State Extended Duration Benefits ,  jobless ,  jobs ,  pirates ,  UI ,  unemployed ,  unemployment ,  unemployment insurance 
 Cianbro contract to bring more than 100 new jobs to Brewer | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  September 9, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Cianbro contract to bring more than 100 new jobs to Brewer | Bangor Daily News . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Maine 
 Tagged  Brewer ,  Cianbro ,  jobs ,  Long Harbour ,  Newfoundland ,  nickel processing operation ,  Sappi paper mill ,  Skowhegan ,  Vale ,  work ,  workers 
 Future jobs will belong to the highly skilled | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  September 6, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Future jobs will belong to the highly skilled | Bangor Daily News . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Education and Schools ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  economist ,  Economy ,  education ,  hiring ,  job market ,  jobs ,  Labor Day ,  laborers ,  specialized skills ,  technology ,  U.S. Labor Department ,  unemployment rate ,  work ,  workers 
 Jobless rate drops in 18 states, rises in Maine | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  August 22, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Jobless rate drops in 18 states, rises in Maine - Bangor Daily News . 
 top50employment may 2010 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Law and Order ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  economic slowdown ,  Economy ,  job growth ,  job market ,  joblessness ,  jobs ,  Maine Department of Labor ,  U.S. Labor Department ,  unemployment 
 Long-term unemployment cripples the economy | National Voices - Modbee.com 
 Posted on  August 13, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 [The piece I shared with you all earlier this week was picked up by the Modesto Bee after Reporter Opinion Page Editor Karen Nolan shared it with the National Conference of Editorial Writers. I hear a couple of other newspapers plan to use it. … This is the closest I have been or ever will be to being a syndicated columnist. -- KM] 
 Long-term unemployment cripples the economy - National Voices - Modbee.com . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  Congress ,  corporate America ,  Democrats ,  Economy ,  joblessness ,  jobs ,  long-term unemployment ,  modbee.com ,  Republicans ,  The Modesto Bee ,  Wall Street bankers 
 A Sin and a Shame 
 Posted on  July 31, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 [The behavior of which Mr. Herbert writes is a disgrace and very nearly the most un-American activity I can imagine, short of treason. -- KM] 
 http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/31/opinion/31herbert.html 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy 
 Tagged  jobs ,  recovery ,  The Great Recession ,  unemployed 
 New TD Bank call center in Auburn could provide 3,000 jobs | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  July 30, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 New TD Bank call center in Auburn could provide 3,000 jobs - Bangor Daily News . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy 
 Tagged  Auburn ,  call center ,  carbon neutral footprint ,  employment ,  Gov. John Baldacci ,  jobs ,  LEED Gold certification ,  TD Bank 
 Making Maine Work| Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  July 21, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Making Maine Work| Bangor Daily News 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Energy ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  “Making Maine Work” ,  Bangor Daily News ,  Economy ,  editorial ,  employment ,  health care costs ,  jobs ,  Maine Development Foundation ,  Maine State Chamber of Commerce 
 Unemployment takes a toll | The Reporter 
 Posted on  July 12, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 [The newspaper where I worked for more than 13 years and where I served as the opinion page editor for several years was gracious enough to publish a commentary I wrote in the paper 's Sunday Op-Ed section. There is a typo at the beginning of the second sentence of the online version of the piece, which I'm guessing happened when they converted it for the website. Please ignore the X. Thanks. -- KM] 
 
 Unemployment takes a toll - The Reporter , July 11, 2010. 
 Unemployment takes a tool (jump page) - The Reporter , July 11, 2010 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Journalism ,  News and Newspapers ,  Newspapers ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  Economy ,  joblessness ,  jobs ,  long-term unemployed ,  unemployed ,  unemployment insurance extension 
 Augusta business may soon save soldiers | The Kennebec Journal, Augusta, ME 
 Posted on  July 3, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Augusta business may soon save soldiers | The Kennebec Journal, Augusta, ME . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Maine ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  Advanced Industrial Solutions ,  Afghanistan ,  Augustat Business Park ,  jobs ,  modular ballistic protection systems ,  protective exoskeleton ,  Tex Tech ,  University of Maine's Advanced Structures & Composites Center 
 Republicans block bill to continue benefits for millions with no job | The Portland Press Herald / Maine Sunday Telegram 
 Posted on  July 1, 2010  |  1 comment 
 Republicans block bill to continue benefits for millions with no job | The Portland Press Herald / Maine Sunday Telegram . 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Law and Order ,  Politics and government 
 Tagged  bill ,  Congress ,  Democrats ,  filibuster ,  green jobs ,  jobless ,  jobs ,  Olympia Snowe ,  Republicans ,  Susan Collins ,  unemployment ,  unemployment extension ,  unemployment insurance 
 Verso Paper hires more than 200 workers | Bangor Daily News 
 Posted on  June 3, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Verso Paper hires more than 200 workers - Bangor Daily News . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Environment ,  Maine 
 Tagged  Bucksport ,  Economy ,  employment ,  hiring ,  Jay ,  jobs ,  Maine ,  temporary employees ,  Verso Paper Co. ,  workers 
 Bond targets wind project, energy upgrades | The Portland Press Herald / Maine Sunday Telegram 
 Posted on  May 31, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Bond targets wind project, energy upgrades | The Portland Press Herald / Maine Sunday Telegram 
 Will birds and wind farms compete? | Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Education and Schools ,  Energy ,  Environment ,  Maine ,  Outdoors 
 Tagged  BioDiversity Research Institute ,  bond ,  ducks ,  electronic tracking ,  fuel oil ,  Gov. John Baldacci ,  jobs ,  Maine ,  Maine Heritage Policy Center ,  Maine Maritime Academy ,  migration ,  offshore wind power ,  Orono ,  Question 2 ,  University of Maine ,  wind power 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 Stuff about me 
 
 
 My name is Keith Michaud and this is “Letters From Away,” a blog written by a Mainer living outside the comfortable and sane confines of New England. The blog is intended for Mainers, whether they live in the Pine Tree State or beyond, and for anyone who has loved ’em, been baffled by ’em or both. Ayuh, I am “from away.” Worse still, I live on the Left Coast – in California. Enjoy! Or not. Your choice. 
 
 
 Search for stuff 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Stuff on Twitter 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 Stuff by date 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Mar 
 
 
 Stuff by tag 
 
 
 Acadia National Park   Afghanistan   aid   Aroostook County   Augusta   Bangor   Bangor Daily News   Bar Harbor   barista   Baxter State Park   brew   caffeinated   caffeine   California   coffee   coffeehouse   coffeehouse observation   coffeehouse observations   Coffeehouse Observer   cup o’ joe   donations   DownEast.com   DownEast Magazine   earthquake   Economy   empresso   Energy   Environment   espresso   exotic java   fishing   Fort Kent   Gov. John Baldacci   Gov. Paul LePage   Gulf of Mexico   Haiti   Haitian   Haitians   Iraq   java   jobless   joblessness   jobs   joe   L.L. Bean   lobster   Maine   Maine Department of Environmental Protection   Maine Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife   Mainer   Mainers   Maine State Police   medical marijuana   moose   Mount Katahdin   National Weather Service   New England   oil spill   pastries   Port-au-Prince   Portland   Portland Press Herald   Presque Isle   relief   Rockland   snow   Stockton   tea   turbines   unemployment   University of Maine   University of Southern Maine   wind energy   wind farms   wind power 
 
 
 Stuff I've posted 
 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 November 2013 
 February 2013 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 April 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Coffeehouse Observer 
 Domestic Rockstar 
 Keith Michaud's Online Portfolio 
 Letters From Away (Blogger version) 
 Living Downeast 
 Maine Exile 
 Maine Politics 
 Maine.gov 
 Maine.info blogs 
 Maine.info Main Page 
 Strange Maine 
 
 
 
 Stuff people write 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sarah  on  Higgins Beach, Maine: Surfer’s… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Sen. Susan Collins Will Vote N… 
 
 
 ernrst hillman iii on  The future looks bright for Ma… 
 
 
 
 
 Tina St John  on  I was nabbed by a ‘legendary’… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  I was nabbed by a ‘legendary’… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Poetry of a lake in northern… 
 
 
 Regina Sullivan Font… on  Poetry of a lake in northern… 
 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Window to the Woods with Rhon… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Lakes, Islands, Mountains, Moo… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  University of the Pacific: A c… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent stuff 
 
 How Maine Became a Laboratory for the Future of Public Higher Ed | The Chronicle of Higher Education 
 Angus King Urges Interior Department To Reconsider Offshore Drilling Proposal | Mainepublic.org 
 Maine Voices: Higher education, employers must work together for bright future | Portland Press Herald 
 Stunning reversal: McDaniels turns down Colts’ job to stay with Patriots | The Associated Press via the Portland Press Herald 
 Kennebec River water levels could stay high into next week | Bangor Daily News 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 30 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 RSS and stuff 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
