Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) - Hospital Support (Hamilton) 
 Qualicare Waterloo 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 CALLING ALL PSW's INTERESTED IN A HOSPITAL POSITION! 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW): 
QCareKWC is looking for experienced, skilled and reliable individuals to join our team as Personal Support Worker to provide hospital support in the community. 
 QCareKWC is focused on creating a team of qualified individuals to enhance and advance the health of the community. We are open to Personal Support Workers (PSW) with a variety of backgrounds and training expertise. 
 Start date:  as soon as possible. 12 hour shifts, days, nights, weekdays and weekends. 
 We are searching for candidates that would be available for: 
 
 Consistent hours 
 Shifts throughout the week available 
 Full-time and Part-time hours available 
 
 The QCareKWC Difference: 
 
 Competitive starting wages (based upon experience, education and responsibilities) 
 Continuing education and training programs 
 Mentorship opportunities 
 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) Role: 
 
 Assistance with personal care, hygiene, and grooming 
 Assisting clients with mobility, ambulation, and transfers 
 Work in a team environment, alongside nurses, doctors, and other health care professionals. 
 Assist with patient care on assigned floor, report to the charge nurse, and complete shift reports. 
 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) Requirements: 
 
 Personal Support Worker Certificate 
 Valid work/study permit (if applicable) 
 Current CPR/First Aid Certification 
 Clean Vulnerable Sector Screening (within 3 months of hire) 
 Up-to-date Immunization Records (MMR, TDAP, Varicella, Hep B and Hep A) 
 Gentle Persuasive Approach (GPA) considered an asset 
 Non-Violence Crisis Intervention (NVCI) considered an asset 
 Documentation skills 
 Ability to follow client care plan 
 Strong communication skills 
 Strong problem-solving skills 
 Excellent customer service skills 
 
 While we thank all applicants, only qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
