Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mortgage Agents and Brokers 
 RateShop Inc. Mortgages 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 _  TOP   INDEPENDENT   BROKERAGE of 2020 from   Canadian   Mortgage Professionals _ 
 RateShop.ca is now Hiring! 
 We have focused on building a strong infrastructure that actually works to help our agents. 
 We guarantee with our support YOU will consistently close more deals. Our efforts in technology and brand recognition, RateShop employees are proud to work to improve the lives of their customers. Our product offering is helping Canadians save money and live better. 
 Be a part of a Mortgage Brokerage that defines customer excellence and delivers results. 
 Must Haves: 
 REMIC/ MPC / CAAMP Mortgage Agent Course 
 Customer Service Skills 
 Responsibilities: 
 Prospecting customers 
 Completing Applications 
 Followups 
 Documentation Retrieval 
 Customer Meetings 
 Liaison with Realtor/Lawyer 
 **What 's provided: ** 
 Leads 
 Work Line/Extension 
 Website 
 CRM Access 
 Underwriting Support 
 Ongoing Product/ Compliance Training 
 1 on 1 Coaching 
 Access to Computers/Printers/Fax 
 Customer Review Tracker 
 Deal Flow Automation 
 Why choose Us? 
 When deciding what mortgage brokerage to join, you must consider why we are different. 
 Will I get timely phone and email support? 
 Phone calls and emails are answered within 2 hours, as a rule. 
 Will I get leads? 
 You will get access to our lead program, which allows you to prospect inbound customer inquiries and build relationships. 
 Will I see transparency in payouts? 
 All our payouts are available online and broken down by deal. 
 Will I get my deals funded? 
 With 65 lenders onboard, maintain a 94% Approval rate. 
 What 's the turn around time on my submission? 
 Same day deal submission is guaranteed. 
 Does the brokerage have leverage with the lenders? 
 As a volume brokerage, we have access to exclusive programs. 
 Does the brokerage have exclusive lenders? 
 We have over 20 lenders that exclusively deal with our brokerage. 
 What sets the brokerage apart? 
 Investment in you. Providing you the right tools and training to perform is our responsibility. 
 What are my commission/revenue streams? 
 You earn from mortgages, credit cards, insurance, banking, investments and credit reporting products. Plus expect referral fees from our Real Estate Brokerage and other partnerships. 
 Will someone show me the ropes? 
 Ex-bankers operate the brokerage and conduct classes to educate you on how to build your business. Hands on training on systems, correspondence, document review, and shadowing is done to get you to speed. 
 What training will be provided? 
 Weekly training is conducted on product knowledge, sales coaching and technology upgrades. One on One coaching is conducted by a performance coach. 
 We operate under a centralized underwriting system which lets your focus on client management and satisfaction. Our lender relationships allow for greater flexibility for deal approvals and quick turn around. We are also licensed as an Administrator which gives us access to private funds for all non qualified deals. 
 Part-time hours: 20-40 per week 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
All interviews will be done by phone 
 Part-time hours: 20-40 per week 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission 
 Salary: $30,000.00-$60,000.00 per year 
 Licence: 
 
 FSRA/FSCO (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
