Skip to content 
 
 Silicon Valley Technology Blog - John Furrier 
 The Signal from Silicon Valley 
 Sad Day For Seagate and Plantronics- Seagate CEO Ousted & 3,000 Jobs Cut - Plantronics Slashing Close to 1,000 People 
 What a sad week for Seagate. CEO Bill Watkins (whom I like and have interviewed many times) was ousted and now they are cutting almost 3,000 jobs. Folks we are seeing the beginning of the massive recession or depression. Ok we are knee deep in the financial depression. This is only going to get worse. 
 ****Seagate said in an 8-K filing with the SEC that the restructuring moves will result in pre-tax charges of about $90 million, with most of that to be taken in the December 2008 quarter. The company expects the stafff reductions to save $130 million a year. 
 The company also said it will cut the salaries of its senior staff, with a 25% cut for new CEO Stephen Luczo, “named executive officers” and executive vice presidents, a 20% cut for senior VPs, a 15% reduction for VPs and a 10% reduction for other management, sales, supervisors and professional employees. The savings cuts should save about $80 million annually. 
 In related cuts in Silicon Valley and Santa Cruz Plantronics is cutting almost 1,000 jobs. Ken Kannapan (a neighbor of mine) is trying to keep the company cash flow positive. Plantronics needs to move the "ball down the field" big time if they want to compete in Unified Communications. 
 Company officials said revenue and earnings per share for the third quarter of fiscal 2009 will be lower than originally expected. They had projected net revenues of $205 million to $220 million but now are expecting revenues to be $184 million for the third quarter. Final third-quarter earnings will be announced Jan. 27. 
 The revised revenue estimate is mostly the result of lower-than-expected sales of Bluetooth headsets, but also reflects the impact of broad economic weakness across different product categories, officials said. 
 As a result of the workforce reduction and other restructuring, officials expect savings of approximately $7.7 million to $8.2 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. Yearly savings are expected to be more than $50 million. The company also plans a 50 percent reduction in capital expenditures in fiscal 2010. 
 "As global economic weakness persists, our key objectives are to remain profitable and cash-flow positive, continue to invest in strategic initiatives such as unified communications, and to improve our profitability in our consumer businesses," said President and Chief Executive Officer Ken Kannappan. "We believe that our strong financial position combined with ongoing strategic investments will allow us to emerge from this downturn in a significantly stronger competitive position." 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author: John 
 Entrepreneur living in Palo Alto California and the Founder of SiliconANGLE Media   View all posts by John  
 Author   John Posted on  January 15, 2009January 15, 2009 Categories  Technology Tags  bill watkins ,  Ken Kannappan ,  Plantronics ,  seagate 
 One thought on "Sad Day For Seagate and Plantronics- Seagate CEO Ousted & 3,000 Jobs Cut - Plantronics Slashing Close to 1,000 People" 
 
 wizkid  says: 
 
 January 15, 2009 at 4:54 am 
 It's a bloodbath out there. It's gonna pick up though, tough to say when, maybe end of year.. And there will be some movers, nimble type of companies that are going to be in position when things come up again… Plenty of companies with very depressed value because of some undeserved bad news or sector trends… 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Google Aims At Microsoft - Google Apps In the Enterprise - Google Sets Up Channel Partners 
 Next Next post: Look At This Social Media Advertising Done Right - Vertical Advertising Is The Model 
 Host 
 
 John Furrier  
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Highlights of IBM InterConnect 2017 Summary theCUBE 
 Bringing back the podcast: Silicon Valley Friday Show; 11 Years Ago I signed up for this blog 
 AWS Ten Year Birthday - Risky Bet to Winning Formula 
 Thanks Kara Swisher for Covering The ANGLE -- siliconANGLE.com 
 My New Blog - SiliconANGLE.com - The siliconANGLE Project 
 Teaser: Future of Blogging Economics - Blogging is Changing and For The Better 
 Who Said Blogging Killed the Typewriter - My Cousin Tom Furrier - Typewriter Repair Featured in Boston Globe 
 Forget InterWebs Think InterClouds 
 Internet Traffic Explosion by 2015 - Next Phase is Rich Media for Infrastructure 2.0 
 PEAK IT - Big Trend in Enterprise Information Technology - IT Trend 
 
 
 
 android 
 Apple 
 apple tv 
 bill watkins 
 blogging 
 business 
 CES 
 Chrome 
 Cisco 
 Cloud Computing 
 cnet 
 computer science 
 davos 
 Discovery 
 earnings video 
 entrepreneurs 
 entrepreneurship 
 facebook 
 Financial Crisis 
 Gigaom 
 google 
 Google Chrome 
 graphing social patterns 
 HP 
 Intel 
 iphone 
 itunes 
 jerry yang 
 john furrier 
 Kara Swisher 
 liveblogging 
 macbook air 
 macworld 
 microcontent 
 microsoft 
 Mike Arrington 
 NBC 
 online advertising 
 online advertising trends 
 online video 
 opensocial 
 podcast 
 podcasting 
 podcasts 
 podtech 
 pr 
 professional blogs 
 seagate 
 Search 
 silicon valley 
 social advertising 
 social graph 
 social media 
 social networking 
 social networks 
 startups 
 Steve Jobs 
 steve jobs keynote 
 takeover bid yahoo 
 techcrunch 
 technology business 
 tech policy 
 twitter 
 unified communications 
 venture capital 
 video 
 video adsense 
 video advertising 
 Volomedia 
 wall street journal 
 war 
 web 2.0 
 Web 2.0 Summit 
 yahoo 
 youtube 
 
 Unique Site Visitors (this year) not including RSS Feeds 
 
 419,285 influencial unique visitors read this blog 
 
 Silicon Valley Technology Blog - John Furrier   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
