Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Rehabilitation Aide 
 Atikokan General Hospital 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 THE ATIKOKAN GENERAL HOSPITAL REQUIRES 
 Two (2) temporary full-time Rehabilitation Aide 
 Classification: Full-time, Temporary 
 Rate of Pay: $23.00/hour 
 Department: Rehabilitation 
 Shift: Weekdays 
 Reference #: 2020-26 
 Job Summary: 
 Reporting to the Manager of Rehabilitation and the general supervision of the Occupational Therapist and Physiotherapist, the Rehab Assistant supports the facilitation of activities, programs or therapies designed to support individuals in reaching their maximum physical and psycho-social potential. The Rehab Aide also provides logistical and clerical support to the registered rehabilitation staff. 
 NOTE: this is a temporary full-time position for 3 months, with opportunity for extension. 
 Qualifications / Requirements: 
 
 Some post-secondary education in Health Sciences, Exercise / Exercise Physiology or Human Kinetics. Graduate of a recognized program as a Rehabilitation, Physiotherapy, or Occupational Therapy Assistant is preferred. 
 Must be familiar with body systems / body mechanics / human anatomy, especially as regards geriatric patients. Experience working in a long-term care / geriatric setting is an asset. 
 Demonstrated understanding of the operating scope of various colleges and of the legislative framework applicable in a clinical setting. 
 Shows a willingness to learn and develop knowledge. 
 Current CPR Level C and First Aid certifications. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Ability to work in a collaborative team that responds to client needs in a variable and changing work environment. 
 General computer competency and experience with Microsoft Office. Experience with medical technology / practice management software is an asset. 
 Physically capable of meeting the physical demands of the position. 
 Demonstrated regular and sustained attendance record. 
 Knowledge of and compliance with Occupational Health and Safety regulations. 
 
 Apply with resume and cover letter – quoting the reference number – in confidence to: 
 Human Resources 
 Atikokan General Hospital, 120 Dorothy Street 
 Atikokan, ON P0T 1C0 
 Fax: (807) 597-1210 
 Deadline for applications is December 11th, 2020 at 4:30 PM Atikokan Time 
 We thank all those who apply, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Reference ID: 2020-26 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-11 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: From $23.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
