WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 Q&A 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement Q&A 
 
 Home 
 Career 
 Career Insights: How to Move Your Career in the Right Direction 
 
 
 Career Insights: How to Move Your Career in the Right Direction 
 Getting ahead at work is about much more than who you know ( networking ) and what you know (your industry knowledge). Once you have your dream job, it's not enough to stay in your department or function and just “do a good job.” Obviously that’s your number one role, but many professionals are surprised to find out that in fact, succeeding in your  career  can depend on a wide variety of other factors and being savvy in these unspoken rules can really help you go a long way. It doesn’t just have to do with your work product; it has to do with every aspect of your persona -- from how you present yourself to how you interact with others. Having the right career insights is key. 
 Some Career Insights 
 Professionals know that they will do better if they look the part, so  dressing for success  can be a major benefit for your career. The accepted wisdom is that you should dress for the job you want, not the one you have -- and that is excellent advice. And it’s not about what you spend, but about what you invest. It’s quite possible to have a great wardrobe for a reasonable cost if you focus on what matters. Much of that comes from paying attention to the details that matter -- quality shoes and briefcases or purses -- as well as investing in the pieces you’ll wear over and over. Considering “cost per wear” when you make your purchases can help you outfit yourself for the most reasonable cost possible. 
 It's important to  focus on your results  -- if you set goals and pursue them -- and make sure that you let others in your organization know what you are doing. Some may call it “tooting your own horn,” but the truth is that a company can be so big and complex that not everyone knows who is truly doing much of the contributing. You have to make sure that your colleagues, both alongside and above you on the career ladder, know how your contributions are impacting your department and your company’s sales and success. Most professionals know that producing the best work comes from having habits that spur you to work at optimum capacity. Being organized, scheduling wisely and making sure to plan effectively for both daily, weekly and more long-term goals are skills that every professional needs to have to ensure they are working as productively and effectively as possible. 
 Sometimes you have to  ask for what you want . Negotiating more flexible hours or a larger raise can go a long way toward ensuring that you have the  compensation  and  work environment  that you deserve. There are techniques to do it wisely, though, so your request is framed in terms of being a team player.  Negotiation  is an important skill in many jobs -- getting better terms or prices from a supplier; securing a longer deadline or more resources for your department -- but it is just as vital that you negotiate on your own behalf within your company. You are your own most important client. 
 Your boss can be the key to success.  A good boss will provide you with opportunities for  career advancement  and will be working behind the scenes to champion you, even when you aren't aware. You have to make sure that your boss is always informed of what you are working on, even if you think it might be obvious. Sending a weekly recap email of your contributions and most impressive progress can keep you top of mind. Also, make sure that you are aware of your boss’s style and how he or she likes to get information. Making your boss look good to his or her superiors will elevate your status, as well. 
 Your networking habits can have more to do with your success than any other aspect.  Knowing a wide variety of people in your industry -- both inside your company and outside -- can make you top of mind for new positons that might show up. Being a strong networker is something that you have to always devote time to, not just when you are considering job hunting or pursuing a new career or industry. The time you invest in your networking when you don’t necessarily need it will pay dividends later on. 
 Your job and career path are in your control  -- whether you think they are or not! Sometimes companies have unavoidable downsizing or layoffs. The key is in being prepared and always thinking one step ahead. Having a back-up plan and knowing what your next move should or could be with an alternative career plan can make the difference between barely surviving a career setback -- or using it to thrive. 
 Savvy professionals know that there are many aspects of a career that lead to professional success. Take some time to examine your career -- where you are and where you want to be -- with career insights that will allow you to thrive. 
 
 Articles giving career insights: 
 
 Getting Ahead at Work: Focus on Results, Results, Results 
 Overnight Tips to Be More Presentable at Work 
 About Success: Expect Obstacles 
 Lessons to Be Learned from the Mindset of Independent Contractors 
 The Three Pillars of Success at Work 
 Lessons Learned from the Company Historian 
 What Your Boss’ Political Capital Has to Do with Job Security and Career Advancement 
 Tips to Thrive in This Tough Economy 
 Affirming Yourself at Work: Don’t Be Afraid, Ask For Work Assignments You Want 
 Getting Ahead of Yourself: How Focusing Too Much on the Future Will Make You Lose Sight of the Present and Hints on How the Future Might Be 
 10 Ways to Improve Your Career Over the Holidays 
 4 Tactics to Get Ahead in the New Year 
 Your Boss Is More Important Than the Company You Work For 
 Tips to Prepare Yourself Against an Unexpected Job Loss by Creating an Alternative Career Path 
 Networking Is the Best Way to Build Your Safety Net 
 Your Image and How It Affects Your Work 
 Asking for and Getting a Raise At Work 
 
 Career Insights for Women: 
 
 Understanding the Gender Pay Gap, Part 1: Why Men Still Make More in Female Dominated Professions 
 Top 5 Career Tips for Women 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Career Center 
 
 Career 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles About Career 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan? 
 How Long Is Long Term? 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air 
 Career Change Insights: Four Tips for Making a Switch 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 Ten Ways to Get a Promotion 
 How to Build a Personal Brand Inside a Company 
 Overnight Tips to Be More Presentable at Work 
 What Your Boss’ Political Capital Has to Do with Job Security and Career Advancement 
 Individual Performer Versus Leadership: Interviewing for the Next Level 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
