Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Paint Finishing Supervisor 
 MIRMIL PRODUCTS 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Our architectural millwork company is seeking a Paint Finishing Supervisor. This person will be 
responsible for overseeing the Paint Finishing department. The successful candidate will not only 
supervise the work of others, but will also coach, resolve issues, and serve as a link between 
subordinates and upper management. The ideal candidate will be a competent individual who will be 
able to guide and train employees. They must be results-driven and focused. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Leading a team to meet quality and production requirements 
 Delegating tasks to employees within the Finishing Department and the Veneer Stitching 
 
 Department 
 
 Organizing workflow and ensuring employees understand their duties or delegated tasks 
 Monitoring employee productivity and providing constructive feedback and coaching 
 Identify training opportunities for employees 
 Address problems with work quality, issues between employees and other concerns in an 
 
 effective, timely manner 
 
 Ensure adherence to legal and company policies and procedures and undertake disciplinary 
 
 actions if the need arises 
 
 Ensure the work environment is safe, secure, and healthy and that the employees are 
 
 complying with all safety rules and procedures 
 
 Train, or appoint training for finishing employees to: 
 
 o Sand 
o Stain 
o Spray 
o Mix paints, and/or 
o Other finishing tasks as required 
 
 Establish physical layout of equipment and most efficient sequence of operations and 
 
 workflow 
 
 Manage performance of skilled finish operations such as sanding, application of spray or 
 
 finish and inspect for damaged material 
 
 Manage allocation of resources and materials for maximum utilization of production 
 
 facilities, finish booths and personnel 
 
 Working with other departments as required 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Proven experience as a supervisor or relevant role 
 Proven experience with oil and water-based paints and finishing techniques 
 Experience working with millwork is an asset 
 Able to train employees and help them reach their potential 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
 Great organizational and leadership skills 
 Good problem solving and time management skills 
 Able to prioritize tasks depending on timelines 
 Team-oriented 
 
 This is a full-time position. Wage will be based on experience. If this position appeals to you, please 
send a resume to jobs.mirmil@gmail.com. 
 We will collect resumes until the position has been filled. Only those selected for an interview will be 
contacted. Thank you to all who apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
