[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Senior Staff Node Developer 
 CleverTech 
 Full time 
 Remote Remote 
 Jan 11 
 Clevertech is a leading consultancy that is on a mission to build transformational digital solutions for the world’s most innovative organizations. 
 Enterprise companies turn to Clevertech to help them launch innovative digital products that interact with hundreds of millions of customers, transactions and data points. By partnering with Clevertech these companies are propelling forward and changing their industries, business models and more. 
 About Clevertech 
 We're Clevertech, since 2000, we have been consulting for and building core operating technologies, mobile apps and complex web applications that drive business growth for startups and Fortune 500 companies alike. Our clients' hardest problems are our favorite problems. 
 Requirements 
 
 B.S. in Computer Science preferred 
 Minimum 7 years of professional experience (We will ask you to take a technical assessment) 
 Clearly communicate complex concepts verbally in English 
 Skilled in front-end (React) and back-end (Node, Express, Mongo, SQL) 
 Ability to create clean, modern, testable, well-documented code each sprint 
 Confidently able to communicate daily with clients to understand and deliver technical requirements 
 
 Working at Clevertech 
 At Clevertech, you can expect that you will: 
 
 Be 100% dedicated to one project at a time so that you can hone your skills, innovate and grow 
 Be a part of a team of talented and friendly senior level developers 
 Work on projects that allow you to use exciting, cutting edge tech. We believe in constantly evolving your mastery 
 
 The result? We produce meaningful work and we are truly proud and excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation. 
 Our Benefits 
 We know that people do their best work when they’re taken care of. So we make sure to offer great benefits. 
 
 Fully remote role in fully remote company 
 Competitive salaries 
 PTO 
 Flexible Family Leave 
 Annual Financial Allowance for YOUR development 
 Strong Clevertech Community 
 Clevertech U (Leadership Program, Habit Building, New Skills Training) 
 Clevertech Gives Back Program 
 
 Getting Hired 
 Our team is made up of people that are not only from different countries, but also from diverse backgrounds and disciplines. Our focus on employing respectful, introspective and collaborative talent is what powers our company and our success. 
 Interested in exploring your future in this role and Clevertech? Set yourself up for success and take a look at our  Interview Process  before getting started! 
 If you want to meet and learn about our CleverPeople's experience working at Clevertech,  click here . 
 The best people in tech just happen to be all over the world. Are you one of them? APPLY NOW 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 CleverTech 
 Building tech at the speed of ideas. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=CleverTech is hiring a Senior Staff Node Developer&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14985-senior-staff-node-developer)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=CleverTech is hiring a Senior Staff Node Developer&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14985-senior-staff-node-developer&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
