
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Graphic Designer-Presentations 
 Apply Now 
 About You 
We are seeking talent that is hands-on, organized and self-motivated to design digital educational courses. You enjoy turning dense material into intriguing and meaningful learning experiences that keep users engaged and help drive real change. You are empathetic to your audience and focused on details. You should embrace the iterative process. 
 About Us 
We’re a full-service, in-house creative agency with a mission of elevating an entire industry through our brand. Recognized by Glassdoor, FORTUNE, Inc., and Entrepreneur magazine as one of the top workplaces in the country, our in-house agency is a vibrant, fast-paced, and innovative brand shop nationally recognized for our work. By infusing our culture of caring, integrity, innovation, optimism, and grit into everything that we do, we’ve built an environment where it’s fun to work, safe to fail, and good to be different. 
 This position would start as remote, but when conditions allow will work out of our National Headquarters, 25 minutes outside of Philadelphia. 
 The Position 
You will primarily focus on presentation design, collaborating with a cross-functional team of Copywriters, Photographers, Motion Designers, Videographers, Project Managers, and other Graphic Designers. You will be empowered to infuse the elements of storytelling tin all your work while upholding the integrity of our brand esthetic and mission. As part of the Graphic Design team, you will participate in regular critiques and cultivate a supportive and collaborative environment. 
 The Responsibilities 
 
 Attend planning meetings and presenting directly to clients including executives, senior leadership and department heads to collaborate on ideating and executing our internal learning and development content. 
 Design and produce presentations and infographics 
 Participate in Design Team and department critiques. 
 Maintain knowledge and best practices of technical and instructional content creation through on-going workshops, publications, or professional organizations. 
 Execute additional design tasks, including but not limited to sales materials and digital messaging. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 BFA or related Graphic Design degree with a minimum of 2 years experience 
 Experience in educational / corporate training presentation design 
 Required: Expertise in Keynote, Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop. 
 Nice to have: After Effects, HTML coding, an interest in copywriting 
 Ability to receive constructive feedback and criticism 
 Highly organized, detail oriented 
 Portfolio that includes presentations, infographics, and a strong sense of layout and typography. 
 Applications submitted without a link to a portfolio will be discarded. 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans with immediate digital access to physicians across the U.S. 
 
 The Perks 
 
 Salary commensurate with experience 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans with immediate digital access to physicians across the U.S. 
 Paid Parental Leave and Paid Volunteer Time Off. 
 Free health screenings and rewards for participation in wellness programs 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power. 
 An artfully designed office space to match your creative drive 
 Free food and entertainment on every first Friday of summer 
 Opportunities to further develop skills and attend leadership conferences and summits 
 A robust social program filled with events, and activities, including a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
