Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Foreign Service Office Management Specialists 
 Posted on  October 13, 2016  by   sarahgprescott 
 10.13.16 –  Office Management Specialist 
United States Department of State, worldwide positions 
 Sarah P’s comments  : For US librarians without a MLIS and/or those who would like to break into the Foreign Service, here is an opportunity which calls for librarian skills and experience. FYI: this position was last listed in June, 2015. (The Foreign Service does employ librarians. They are called IRO's - Information Resource Officers. For more information about these positions which open only every 2-4 years, please read Chapter 6 of my  book  and look at the  Resources  page.) 
 We are currently accepting applications for  Foreign Service Office Management Specialist  positions. 
 Announcement No.: OMS-2017-0001 
Position Title: Foreign Service Office Management Specialist 
Open Period:  October 12, 2016 - October 25, 2016 
Series/Grade: FP - 0318 07/07 
Salary: $35,364 - $51,933 
Promotion Potential: 03 
Position Information: Work Schedule is Full-time - Permanent after tenure granted by a Foreign Service Specialist (FSS) Tenure Board. 
Hiring Agency: U.S. Department of State 
Duty Locations:  MANY  Vacancies throughout the World Foreign Service Office 
 Management Specialist  duties include general office management, conference and visitor support, administrative and secretarial support.  Take the OMS quiz  to find out if this specialization is right for you. 
 All potential applicants are strongly urged to  read the entire vacancy announcement  to ensure that they meet all of the requirements for this position before applying. When you are ready to begin the online application process, visit the  Foreign Service Office Management Specialist vacancy on USAJOBS .  Please note that the deadline to submit completed applications is October 25, 2016. 
 Applicants must be U.S. citizens and at least 20 years old to apply. They must be at least 21 years of age to be appointed. By law, all career candidates must be appointed to the Foreign Service prior to the month in which they reach age 60, except for preference eligible veterans. Applicants must also be available for worldwide service, and be able to obtain all required security, medical and suitability clearances. 
 If you have any questions or would like to search for topics of interest, please visit our  forums  or  FAQs  at  careers.state.gov . 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Indonesia ,  International Jobs ,  International work ,  US Foreign Service  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
