Skip to main content 
 Chhattisgarh News   The First Webmedia from Chhattisgarh: Press Release Email world360news.com@gmail.com 
 Main navigation 
 Toggle sub-menu 
 
 Home 
 Sarkar 
 Education 
 Local News 
 Business 
 Technology 
 World 
 Event 
 Entertainment 
 
 Chhattisgarh Jobless Graduates Career Opportunity in Government Business, to get contracts at block level with Registration in e-category contractors 
 Bhupesh Sarkar providing Government Contract Opportunity to Jobless Graduates, allowed Contractor Registration in E Category 
 CG E Category Contractor Registration specially created for youth career in government business 
 Raipur: Graduates will get jobless contracts at block level: Registration will be done in e-category 
 Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India, Tuesday, 24 November 2020: 
 Chhattisgah Government new orders to Contractor Registration in E Category to promote self business culture in local youth. It has been decided by the state government to include the new category-E after the prescribed category-A, B, C, D under the currently implemented integrated registration system for construction works contracts in Chhattisgarh. It aims to provide employment to the undergraduate unemployed at the block level and make proper use of local resources. The order to this effect has been issued by the Public Works Department from the Ministry of Mahanadi Bhavan. 
 According to the criteria set for Contractor registration in the new e-category, those who are graduates and unemployed will be registered in the e-category. The period of registration will be 5 years. Work up to a maximum of Rs 50 lakh will be made available to the graduate unemployed. Competition from registered graduates will be limited at the block level. 
 Graduates will be able to participate in the competition for the work tender in government department under the same block in which they will be resident. Unemployed graduates have to be given a self-attested certificate for registration, that the applicant is not serving in any government or semi-governmental or non-governmental institutions and they are unemployed. 
 Integrated Contractor Registration of graduates in E-category will be done by Chief Engineer (Planning) Office, Chief Engineer, Public Works Department, North Block Sector-19 Nirman Bhawan, Nava Raipur. 
 The E Grade Contractor Registration and security fee will be free for all classes. E-category registration will be terminated as soon as possible in case of employment of the registrant in another institution or in getting employment after registration. 
 A Contractor Registration card will be issued, in which the details of the work will be recorded along with his personal details. Mobilization Advance will be given to unemployed graduates for starting work by the Public Works Department up to 5 percent of the total cost of the allotted work. If an unemployed graduate leaves the allotted work incomplete, his / her registration can be canceled. 
 Complete Process and E Category Contractor Registration Details Here: 
 Incomplete work for departmental reasons will not be applicable for this category. For E-category registered youth, the maximum single work cost limit will be Rs 20 lakhs. 
 Unemployed Youth are registered with the application, local resident of Chhattisgarh, certificate, PAN card, GST. Registration, bank account statement has to be submitted. Registration will be for personal, proprietary firms. Partnership firms and companies will not be registered in the e-category. For construction works, the integrated registration certificate, currently operated under the Public Works Department, will be a part of e-registration. All the procedure, system and rules instructions for registration will be applicable as follows. As soon as the implementation of the proposed scheme comes, all the provisions related to e-category will be issued for Contractor Registration as amended for January 25, 2014. 
 Tenders of up to Rs 20 lakh under the new e-category Contractor Registration proposed by the Public Works Department will have to be compulsorily published in district level (local) newspapers. 
 There will be no compulsory publication on internet information board (online) for publicity. 
 Bastar Division has Special Limit of Rs. 50 Lakh Tender Work for E Grade Contractor Registration 
Apart from this, the para will also be applicable in other manual system tenders up to Rs 50 lakhs under Bastar division. 
 Tags 
 E-Category Contractor 
 Government Business 
 Government Contract 
 Government Contractor 
 Education 
 Contractor Registration 
 
 Log in  or  register  to post comments 
 
 Language English 
 Recent Popular 
 CM Bhupesh Baghel Dedicates Rs. 156 Crores Work in Bastanar 
 Review meeting of newly elected officials of Child Welfare Committees Durg 
 Inmarsat launches new 'Fleet Data Academy' With ship data consumption doubling during 2020 
 Business & Productivity Intel Processor Launched in India by MSI 
 Drug product material will be used in a first-in-humans clinical study 
 Scale An Ecommerce Business with Dropshipping on Baapstore 
 A signature B2B event post-pandemic in Chennai on Edu-Reopening 
 Wipro in 1600 Top Employers 2021 in 120 countries 
 Takeda Achieved Global Recognition in Addition to Certifications in Four Regions and 38 Countries 
 New Chennai Free Plot Offer with 3BHK Apartment at Hiranandani Parks 
  Masala King Dr. Dhananjay Datar in Forbes Middle East List 
 India’s Next Sushruta Contest Announced 
   
   ,    
 User menu 
 
 English Website 
 Hindi हिंदी वेबसाइट 
 Log in 
 
 More Related News 
 Review meeting of newly elected officials of Child Welfare Committees Durg 
 A signature B2B event post-pandemic in Chennai on Edu-Reopening 
 SAI seeks report over flouting of Covid norms at Wrestling National Championships 
 32 Children Awarded Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Bal Puraskar 2021: List Here 
 Online Bootcamp for digital economy skills training Simplilearn Wins Fourth Consecutive EC-Council Global Award 
 The Education Growth Summit (TEGS) is an initiative of K2 Learning Resources India Pvt. Ltd. 
 Search 
 Search 
 Press Release / Tips / Contact EMAIL: 
 chhattisgarhnews@gmail.com 
 world360news.com@gmail.com 
 Mob. No.: 
 91 6264686230 
 91 7974476163 
 Chhattisgarh News Google Map Plus Code: 
6JPH+76 Raipur, Chhattisgarh 
 or Check Address in Google Map 
 Owner Name : Amita Sharma Web Media 
 User login 
 Username 
 Password 
 
 Create new account 
 Reset your password 
 
