Skip to primary content 
 Reliance One 
 We Build Teams 
   
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 James Beath 
 James Paquette 
 Chad Toms 
 
 
 Job Tips 
 Community 
 Press Releases 
 Reliance One 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 How to Handle an Unexpected Career Change 
 Posted on  03/18/2019  by   Reliance One 
 You get the surprising news about a job ending due to unforeseen circumstances, now what? For those who have gone through this it can be scary and stressful. How you respond to this change will have a major impact on how soon you find yourself a new opportunity. 
 Even the best, most talented people can find themselves in a situation where they need to find another company or job. You must believe that there is a silver lining and a great opportunity out there for you; it’s up to you to go find it. 
 One of the first things you need to do is get organized. Invest some time in getting your resume updated, notify your references and get them documented, and do some research on possible companies and opportunities that you would be passionate about. Consider meeting with a professional recruiter to gain insight on industry trends and market availability. You also need to make sure that you are dressing and looking your best for upcoming professional interviews, as first impressions are important. 
 Once you are organized, it’s time to put yourself out there. Let your network know that you are searching for new opportunities, put your resume out on job banks and actively research jobs and companies that interest you. When you find something you’re interested in, apply for the opportunity and then try and network with some of the people that are already working within the company. This shows interest, initiative and will help to separate yourself from the others that applied. 
 Don’t jump at the first opportunity you’re offered unless you know it’s the right one for you. Find an opportunity that meets the most important things you are looking for in both a company and career. Remember – you are interviewing the company as much as they are interviewing you. 
 Lastly, believe in yourself and your abilities. If you don’t, how do expect someone else to? Most hiring managers are looking for two things when considering a new team member: Can they do the job (aptitude) and do they fit into the culture (attitude)? 
 I often tell job searchers that there is no better time than now to be looking for a new opportunity as most companies are struggling to find good, qualified candidates to fill their job openings. Increase your odds of finding the right position for you by taking the time to prepare for the process. If you find yourself needing some extra help and support, reach out to one of our recruiters and let us be a partner in in finding your next opportunity. 
 Written by Rob Wicker, VP of Recruitment and Operations 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 More 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Job Tips  and tagged  Career Advice ,  career change ,  Career Tips ,  job seekers ,  Recruiters ,  Resumes  by  Reliance One . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Like Us! 
 
 Like Us! 
 
 Follow Us! 
 
 We're so proud of our teammate Isabelle for completing her undergrad degree from @ oaklandu  this weekend. Join us in…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 year ago 
 
 Follow @relianceoneinc 
 Join the Group! 
   
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
