Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Specialist (Mechanical) - Nuclear 
 AECOM 
 __Kincardine, ON 
 Apply Now 
 AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With nearly 100,000 employees — including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals — serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News-Record magazine’s annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a World’s Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high-rise buildings and government. AECOM provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients’ projects. A Fortune 500 firm, AECOM companies, including URS Corporation and Hunt Construction Group, have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion. More information on AECOM and its services can be found at www.aecom.com . 
 AECOM is seeking a Quality Specialist to be based at our Kincardine, ON location. An ideal candidate must be local or willing to relocate to the area. Travel Allowance and Living out Allowance may be provided. In addition, relocation assistance may be provided. 
 ABOUT US 
 The Steam Generating Replacement Team (SGRT) is a Joint Venture of Aecon, AECOM and Framatome. SGRT is responsible for the replacement of the Steam Generators in the Bruce Power Unit 6 Nuclear Power Station in Kincardine, Ontario. 
 The project, which is part of Bruce Power’s Life Extension Program, will allow Bruce Power’s CANDU units to continue to operate safely through to 2064 and is a part of the Major Component Replacement (MCR) program. 
 Work is scheduled to begin in 2019 with installation of the crane pad, then in 2020 perform insulation removal and metrology of the existing steam generators and ultimately replacement in 2021. 
 PURPOSE OF THE POSITION 
 The Quality Specialist reports to the Project Quality Manager and will be responsible for the development of quality associated documentation and processes which comply with customer contract, technical specifications, Code and Standard requirements and local jurisdictional requirements. The Quality Specialist will work closely with Project Management and will be responsible to assist with the development of Comprehensive Work Packages (CWP’s) which includes development of Construction, Inspection & Test Plans (CITP’s). 
 This development work will be performed in accordance with an Integrated Quality Management Plan (IQMP) and a Project Execution Plan. The Quality Specialist shall identify and report quality problems and problems related to the effective implementation of the IQMP. 
 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 The Quality Specialist is responsible to identify verification, examination, testing requirements. The Quality Specialist shall have direct access to a level of management necessary to ensure that appropriate quality assurance and quality control requirements are implemented. The Quality Specialist is responsible: 
 
 
 To support Project Site Team on matters pertaining to quality; 
 
 
 To report conditions affecting quality to the Project Quality Manager; 
 
 
 Developing the Inspection, Examination & Testing steps and strategically inserting them in the CITP; 
 
 
 Working collaboratively with the FE, Project Coordinator & Trade Supervisor to complete the CITP or CITP Addendum 
 
 
 Working collaboratively with Project Coordinators to complete the CWP; 
 
 
 Route CITP’s or CITP Addendum’s for AI/ANI and the customer’s review & acceptance, where applicable; 
 
 
 Preparation of History Docket / History File Packages; 
 
 
 Assist with the review of purchase requisitions; 
 
 
 Assist with the disposition of NCR’s; 
 
 
 Assist with implementation of actions associated with documented Corrective Action Reports 
 
 
 EXTENT OF PUBLIC CONTACT 
 
 
 Customer representatives and 3rd Party contractors, 
 
 
 Project Engineering, Project Management, Field Engineers, TSSA -AI/ANI & Quality Team Personnel 
 
 
 Trade Supervision and Trade Personnel 
 
 
 PHYSICAL DEMANDS 
 
 
 Various work locations in both field and office 
 
 
 Travel as necessary 
 
 
 _Conditions of Employment for this position are:  _ 
 1. For positions that fall into the list of required positions within the AECOM Oil & Gas Background Check policy, qualified applicants who are offered, and accept, the role must complete a satisfactory pre-employment Background Check. This may consist of all or a combination of the following: Canadian Criminal Record check, an Employment Verification and/or an Education and Accreditation Verification. 
 Minimum Requirements 
 KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Engineering Technology or related field 
 
 + Certification(s) in:  Quality Engineer (CQE) or Quality Technologist (CQT) 
 
 
 Experience and knowledge with Nuclear Codes & Standards, and an understanding of Nuclear Safety Culture. 
 
 
 Project site experience with understanding of DEC’s/DCN’s and development of Comprehensive Work Packages 
 
 
 Knowledge and experience with Nondestructive Methods and their application 
 
 
 Knowledge and experience with Weld Procedures, Welding Processes and their application 
 
 
 Experience interfacing with Project Team members, the AI/ANI and customer representatives 
 
 
 Experience with working in a Nuclear facility and interfacing with the facility owner 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 OTHER QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 
 Due to the nature of work conducted by SGRT, must be able to obtain unescorted access to the Nuclear Power Plant 
 
 
 Our background check process includes a full security check and clearance process as well as reference checks. The security clearance process includes a comprehensive list of previous residences, employment, education and other pertinent information. 
 
 
 Those with a valid Bruce Power security clearance are strongly preferred. 
 
 
 What We Offer 
 When you join AECOM, you become part of a company that is 
 pioneering the future . Our teams around the world are involved in some of the most cutting-edge and innovative projects and programs of our time, addressing the big challenges of today and shaping the built environment for generations to come. We ensure a workplace that encourages growth, flexibility and creativity, as well as a company culture that champions 
 inclusion, diversity and overall 
 employee well-being through programs supported by company leadership. Our 
 core values define who we are, how we act and what we aspire to, which comes down to not only 
 delivering a better world , but working to “make amazing happen” in each neighborhood, community and city we touch. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
