Words + Pictures = Web 
 Buddy Scalera on digital marketing & content strategy. 
 Main menu 
 Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 
 About 
 Speaking 
 BuddyScalera.com 
 RX Digital Marketing 
 Comic Book School 
 
 Search 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 5 Tips for Professional Networking on LinkedIn 
 Posted on  June 19, 2011  by   Buddy_Scalera 
 
 LinkedIn Logo 
 Because of the rapid growth of social media sites like Facebook and LinkedIn, many people are unsure of how they should draw the line between professional and personal communications. It's a bit of a balancing act, but if you follow a few rules of thumb, you'll do a better job of managing your professional brand. 
 First off, if you aren't yet familiar with it yet,  LinkedIn  has become the hot destination for professional networking. It's the ultimate social and professional mixer that helps people connect through career experiences. 
 Essentially, you go to LinkedIn to create a  living resume . It may help you get discovered by HR recruiters or former co-workers. So it is essential for you to market yourself properly. Here are five easy tips for making the most of LinkedIn. 
 1. Be professional. 
It's strange to even say this, but you need to treat LinkedIn as you would any other workplace. Consider LinkedIn just another extension of your career, because for now, it kind of is. There are enough working professionals on LinkedIn that you must assume that everything you write is going to be seen and interpreted by some of your co-workers. 
 Separate your personal online life (e.g., Facebook) with your professional online life (i.e., LinkedIn). There is the "work you" and the "home you." LinkedIn is the place for the work version of yourself.  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Brand-You ,  creativity ,  LinkedIn ,  Marketing ,  new media ,  social  |  Tagged  career ,  facebook ,  jobs ,  linked in ,  Linkedin ,  professional networks ,  resume ,  social ,  social networking ,  social networks  |   1  Reply 
 Funemployment - Fun for the unemployed 
 Posted on  June 10, 2009  by   Buddy_Scalera 
 As the recession drags on, more people I know are losing their jobs. It's sad and scary, especially for people who have children to support. 
 But apparently, it's not all gloom and doom for the unemployed. Some people are calling themselves "funemployed." That is, if they're going to be unemployed, they're still going to have some fun. 
 
 Here's an quote from the LA Times: 
 For the 'funemployed,' unemployment is welcome 
These jobless folks, usually singles in their 20s and 30s, find that life without work agrees with them. Instead of punching the clock, they're hitting the beach. 
 
 I have a friend who has been out of work for two months now. He's single with no kids, a low mortgage, and COBRA benefits. He saved his money carefully and plans to take his time looking for work…after the summer. He looks relaxed and happy for someone without a job. 
 So, even though a lay off can be difficult, I hope that people can still manage to have a good summer and enjoy the time off. Have some fun, you'll be back to work soon. 
 LINKS, NOT NECESSARILY ENDORSEMENTS: 
 The Funemployment Blog 
 Get Funemployed! 
 Posted in  fun stuff  |  Tagged  fun stuff ,  funemployment ,  jobs ,  Labor ,  unemployed  |   Leave a reply 
 Social 
 
 Contact 
 buddy@buddyscalera.com 
   Rx Digital Marketing Podcast 
 
 RxDM Storycast EP11: Fred Bennett – Digital Health Marketing Thought Leader  April 11, 2018 
 RxDM Storycast EP10: Dr. Brad Wyble of Penn State – Podcast  April 1, 2018 
 RxDM Storycast EP09: Chris Conner of Life Sciences Marketing Podcast  March 22, 2018 
 RXDM Storycast EP08: Jeff Greene of DRG Digital Manhattan Research  January 29, 2018 
 RXDM STORYCAST EP07: Jeanne Barnett of CysticFibrosis.com  September 1, 2017 
 
 My Favorites 
 How Chevrolet’s Ads Played It “Safe” & Failed a Safety Story 
 How Tigers Influenced Your Visual Processing 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 3 
 Conflict Is Story: What It Means for Marketing Storytellers 
 600,000 Years of Health Storytelling (Video) 
 Epic Interview with Content Marketer Joe Pulizzi 
 Brandscaping with Author and Marketer Andrew Davis 
 A Tale of Two Decks (Slideshare Experiment) 
 If You Can Survive This… 
 Defending Your Creative Ideas 
 Comics for Content Marketers 
 Snikt! Wolverine Infographic Claws Way to Successful Content Strategy 
 The “Idea Etherverse” (or How to Be More Creative at Work) 
 Why Marketers Should Drive a Badass Car 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Star Wars and Content Marketing 
 What You Learn From Blogs, Books, & Conferences 
 Why Goodreads Is Becoming the Social Network for Readers 
 How to Update Google Chrome in Under 2 Minutes | Video Tutorial 
 The "Idea Etherverse" (or How to Be More Creative at Work) 
 4 Easy SEO Tips for WordPress | Video Tutorial 
 How to Plan a Consistent Visual Content Strategy | Video Tutorial 
 How to Access Twitter Analytics Dashboard for Data on Your Tweets 
 How to Add Metadata to Images without Photoshop | Video Tutorial 
 How To Download an Image from Instagram Using a Web Browser 
 Duplicate Photo Cleaner Demo Video - How to Import, Sort & Delete 
 3 Types of Behavior Change for Marketers 
 SEO & SEM: The Dynamic Duo of Website Traffic | Content Strategy Basics 
 What Geek Culture Means to Your Content Marketing 
 HIGHLIGHTED: Everybody Writes by Ann Handley 
 How Chevrolet's Ads Played It “Safe” & Failed a Safety Story 
 Visual Content Strategy: Content Marketing World 2016 
 How Tigers Influenced Your Visual Processing 
 Marketing Tesla & What It Says about Us 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 3 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 2 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 1 
 Binge Watching for Storytellers 
 JAWing With JK: Part 2 of a Blog Series on Visual Storytelling 
 Movie a Week Marketing Training 
 A Tale of Two Decks (Slideshare Experiment) 
 Intelligent Content Conference 2015 Recap 
 Conflict Is Story: What It Means for Marketing Storytellers 
 600,000 Years of Health Storytelling (Video) 
 Comics for Content Marketers 
 If You Can Survive This… 
 Video Roundtable Discussions on Content Strategy 
 Infographics and Visual Storytelling with Author Ross Crooks 
 Epic Interview with Content Marketer Joe Pulizzi 
 Brandscaping with Author and Marketer Andrew Davis 
 My (First) Kickstarter Crowdfunding Success Story 
 Kicking Off with Kickstarter Crowdfunding 
 Buddy Scalera's 2013 Conference and Speaking Recap 
 Upcoming: Content Marketing World 2013 in Cleveland 
 Snikt! Wolverine Infographic Claws Way to Successful Content Strategy 
 Interview with Health 2.0 Matchpoint for My Healthcare Speaking Event 
 Interview with PR News for My Next Content Strategy Presentation 
 Interview with Content Strategy Author Ann Rockley 
 Interview with "Likeonomics" Marketing Author Rohit Bhargava 
 Would Paid YouTube Accounts Reduce Pre-Roll? 
 Interview with Kiss eBook Author Chris Epting 
 Building Our $35 Raspberry Pi Computer 
 Dad's Tech Quest - Introduction 
 Speaking at Intelligent Content Conference 2013 in February 
 Storming Retail: How Home Depot, Lowe's & Sears Miss Opportunities 
 
 Tags 
 advertising   amazon   analytics   Apple   blogging   book   books   Brand-You   branding   CNET   comic books   Comics   content   content marketing   content strategy   ebooks   ereader   ereaders   facebook   Flickr   Google   ipad   itunes   Kindle   Marketing   new media   Nook   photography   photo reference   photos   presentations   publishing   Search   SEM   SEO   social   social media   social networking   storytelling   technology   twitter   video   visual content strategy   Yahoo   YouTube 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
   Rx Digital Marketing Podcast 
 
 RxDM Storycast EP11: Fred Bennett – Digital Health Marketing Thought Leader 
 RxDM Storycast EP10: Dr. Brad Wyble of Penn State – Podcast 
 RxDM Storycast EP09: Chris Conner of Life Sciences Marketing Podcast 
 RXDM Storycast EP08: Jeff Greene of DRG Digital Manhattan Research 
 RXDM STORYCAST EP07: Jeanne Barnett of CysticFibrosis.com 
 
 (C) 2021   Words + Pictures = Web  
 Admired Theme 
