Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 BAND 3 - Senior Policy Analyst - CLOSING DATE EXTENDED 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Senior Policy Analyst 
Management Band 3 
 Amendment (November 16, 2020):  Posting closing date extended to December 1, 2020 
 Although this position has onsite office-based requirements, it can temporarily be performed virtually due to the current extraordinary circumstances related to COVID-19. This will remain in place until physical distancing advisories are lifted. 
Due to present physical distancing requirements related to COVID-19, the recruitment process for this competition will take place virtually. 
An eligibility list may be established to fill future temporary and permanent vacancies. 
This position is excluded from union membership. 
 Bring your vision, leadership and strategic planning skills to this important role 
 The Ministry of Finance plays a key role in establishing, implementing and reviewing government’s economic, fiscal, financial management and taxation policies. 
 The purpose of the Senior Policy Analyst is to provide leadership, expertise and support for the development, implementation and maintenance of government’s financial policy and legislative framework. The analyst develops financial management policies, procedures and guidelines to maintain government’s financial management framework. The analyst also provides financial policy advice and makes recommendations for corrective action when policies are not followed. 
 If you thrive in an environment dedicated to cooperation and teamwork, and enjoy working towards group and organizational goals, we look forward to your application. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. We acknowledge all Indigenous peoples on whose territories we work and play. We honour their connections to the land and respect the importance of the diverse teachings, traditions, and practices within these territories. Consider joining our team and helping us build an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Nicole.Wright@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to create or update your profile and how to submit your application, please refer to the Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Degree in Public Administration, Business Administration, or other related discipline; and 
 Required to be actively working towards a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation. 
 A minimum 5 years’ experience in policy and/or legislation development. 
 A minimum 3 years’ experience in financial management or accounting. 
 Preferences may be given to applicants with the following: 
A Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation. 
 Experience with policy development within a government setting. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter required:  YES - A cover letter is required as part of your application. The content and/or format of your cover letter may be evaluated as part of the assessment process. 
 Resume required:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application, however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire:  YES (COMPREHENSIVE) - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
