Skip to content 
 
 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review 
 Start your career in film or theater production right 
 
 My Done-for-you Service 
 Find Work in Film 
 A Job in Theater 
 Career Advice 
 Film and Theater Jobs 
 Film Reviews 
 Books and resources 
 Interviews 
 Testimonials 
 Creativity Blast 
 Production Sound Mixer 
 About Me and Press 
 
 Press Kit 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 Work in Production Blog 
 Are you ready to change your career? 
 January 2, 2020  RobynC 
 Click to tweet this post! 
 It's the start of a New Year, and for many people this is a great time for new beginnings, a fresh start, or a new plan. It's also a time for completions - wrap up old projects and examine where you are - and then use this new energy to implement changes. 
 According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics the mean tenure at different occupations has remained fairly steady over the last 10 years, averaging out at slightly less than 5 years, across all industries, although people in the public sector tend to stay in one job longer. For people working in Motion Pictures the mean is only 2.9 years, while workers in Radio, TV and Cable Broadcasting stay in their jobs around 5.0 years. I would posit that this reflects the high number of freelancers working on individual film projects of relatively short duration, while people in TV hope to get on to a longer running series. In the business, we change employers a lot, while keeping the same job title for a long time. 
 The main point is something that you already know - working in Entertainment tends to mean that you are almost always job hunting or looking for the next gig or company.  Never stop networking . 
 What if you want to change your career - that is to say move from one part of the industry to another, or change your actual job title or department? 
 It might be that you have found yourself in a creative or financial rut, or that your recent jobs have taken you in an unintended direction and you feel off track. Maybe a new part of the industry came to your attention through a project or new friend, or even from attending an industry event or expo. Maybe someone told you that you have a facility for something, that you hadn't considered. I never knew I was good at writing resumes until I started doing it. 
 Maybe you are finally ready to take the plunge and upgrade to a better or more creatively challenging position. Please read  my blog post  about moving to directing from another department. 
 The truth is that you will need to rethink your networking, find events to attend relevant to the new area, and rewrite your elevator pitch to include your new desired job. People working in one area of the business network together, and this might be an entirely different crowd from your old gig. 
 Your resume, especially the Summary section, should include language that reflects the transferable skills that would take you into a different area or department. Look carefully at your Selected Credits and highlight the ones that more easily place you at least adjacent to where you want to go. 
 Consider the different professional associations and groups that align with your new desired job. You might want to change your memberships. Join relevant groups on social media too, and find a good place to dwell. 
 How are your actual qualifications? Do you need to upgrade your computer or technical skills? There are professional development courses in all kinds of places, and the unions or professional associations are often a great place to start. 
 If you can't make an immediate change, can you ask for additional responsibilities or generate some side projects at your current gig? Can you express a desire to expand your horizons there, and take advantage of any professional development programs on offer, if for no other reason than to have more appropriate duties for your resume. 
 But most of all, get very clear on why you want to change and what your new goals are. Your overarching dreams may not have changed, but you are forging a different path to those same destinations. You have got to be able to answer if (when) someone asks you why your old position or career path has become unsatisfactory. The best answer will always build on your gratitude for where you have come from, and your enthusiasm for the new opportunities. 
 Lastly, tell everyone. Tell your family, friends and colleagues (as long as it doesn't actually jeopardize your current job before you are ready) about your new hopes and intentions. Making it public creates accountability - and engages everyone along with the Universe itself in bringing your new career into fruition. 
 If you are ready to make a big change, and want some help with your new, sparkling resume, please email me to get the process started. Best wishes for a great year. 
 Share this: 
 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Career Advice  Filed under:  careers 
 Post navigation 
 <- Behind the Scenes Jobs 
 How to Answer Tough Interview Questions - FaceBook Live video -> 
 Sign up for a FREE five part Step-by-Step mini-course - Write your ATS optimized Resume 
 Subscribe. Get neat stuff. 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email Format 
 
 html 
 text 
 
 Find what you're looking for 
 Search for: 
 Find Work In Film Blog 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era  January 6, 2021 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume  October 22, 2020 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures?  October 3, 2020 
 Resource Round-Up  August 7, 2020 
 Safety guidelines for filming released  June 7, 2020 
 Interview - Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo  June 4, 2020 
 Job Hunting in tough times  May 5, 2020 
 
 Contact Me by Email - it's fastest this way 
 
 Find Jobs with Jooble 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
   More Free Info & Tips 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures? 
 Resource Round-Up 
 Safety guidelines for filming released 
 Interview – Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo 
 Job Hunting in tough times 
 How to answer Process Questions 
 Where to find information about Pay Rates 
 Getting started as a Writer 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Copyright (C) 2021 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review -- Uptown Style WordPress theme by  GoDaddy 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
