  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Accounting jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Kioskto Go 
 Published on the January 02, 2021 in Finance & Management 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 finance-management / accounting-1 
 Less than USD 50 
 Hello there. We are looking for a good and committed professional to build our project. 
Please, we appreciate if you read all the informations above. 
 And feel to make any questions by email, here, or even a Skype talk. 
We are looking forward for a long period partner, so it's important to doesn't matter how we go, make a video call before any 
agreement, anyways. 
That’s the resume of the project: 
KIOSKGO 
We need an app to make deliveries for Kiosks in Germany, initially in Frankfurt with potential to expand the whole Germany. 
 Most of the sales will be around products like Beers, Cigarettes, Sweets, Chips… Fast delivery for people in the streets or parks around 
the city and in their homes. 
The app is not exactly like a food delivery app, because we will not have the list of the Kiosks (provider, like a restaurant) in the Front 
App. The client will just choose the product in a single Catalog and buy it. 
 But each Kiosk will have their own storage management. 
With this functionality we need some specific changes in the normal process. We are listing the buying route above tagging some 
particular specifications of our product. 
 Introduction: 
1. We need the App for the Driver, The Kiosks and the Front app for the Costumers. 
2. The App will have one single catalog of products with categories and just us, the administrators will manage the front catalog. 
3. The Kiosks (providers) that are registered on the App, will be able to select the products that we have in the App Catalog and 
than select the amount of storage they have for each product in their own storage. 
4. The storage of the Catalog will come from the Kiosks. 
5. So, we control the Catalog, the Kiosks control the storage they have of our products. 
6. If any of the Kiosks have some of the products, the product will disappear from the front-end Catalog. 
Buying Process: 
1. The Customer opens the app and chooses the products, add in the cart and finalize the purchase. 
 2. The App will calculate first wich Kiosk gonna have all the products for that order, and the Kiosk needs to accept the order in 
his app, let's suppose in 1 minute maximum. 
3. If the Kiosk don't accept the order, the App will calculate the next closest Kiosk. 
4. If none of the Kiosks have all the products at once, the App will calculate the order with 2 or maximum 3 Kiosks in a radius of 
5km and divide the orders according to the storage (we need to able to control this functions). 
5. Example: 1 Kiosk have 3 beers + Cigarette, and the second closest Kiosk have the Wine. 
6. After the Kiosks accept the order, the App will search the closest Drivers and the offers the order, the first Driver wich accept 
the delivery will get the order. 
7. The Driver will drive to the first (or only) Kiosk, get the first delivery, apply the withdraw in the App and drive to the next Kiosk 
to get the other products. And activate the delivery process for the Customer. 
8. Emergency: It can happens that the Driver gets in the Kiosk and the Kiosk with the approved order says that he dont have the 
product anymore, so there must be a button of Emergency, that will make the App recalculate new Kiosks with the storage, 
and the Kiosk that missed the order will be blocked until we unblock it on the system. 
9. After the Driver confirmed the withdraws, the Customer will receive the new time delivery process "Delivering". 
10. After the delivery, the Driver confirm it and the order its done. 
 Needs and Observation: 
1. All the processes will be kept into our system, where the administrative can check in a Desktop panel or website. 
2. Extra information: When the client finishes the purchase process if there is a cigarette or alcohol in the cart it will be necessary 
to insert an ID verification. We need to check for a German api of id card, use as a reference: 
 https://tabakstore.de/produkt/pueblo-tabak-kaufen/ 
3. * Besides the api of the id german card, the user should be able to upload a photo of an document (check the page) 
4. 
 *Extra step in the delivery process: When the Driver delivers the pack, he asks for the ID card or document for comprove, and 
he can have the possibility to takes a photo of it in the last step of the delivery. The ID card will be attached in our system with 
the client who made the purchase. 
5. We need to have a central administrator user to control all the purchases and to know how much we need to pay for each 
Kiosk every week or 2 weeks, we need to able to control that. 
6. We need someone who can be present and with a good contact for support afterwards. 
7. The Driver need to have a full register with a photo in the app, and uploaded documents for verification in our side. 
8. We need to be able to control the distance in Kms for the Kiosks and delivery rate. 
9. We need to rate the users of the app in each step. So when the Driver withdraw the order he just select 1 to 5 stars for the 
Kiosk. When the client receive the delivery he can evaluate 1 to 5 stars for the driver. 
 Category: IT & Programming 
Subcategory: Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
What is the scope of the project?: Create a new app 
Is this a project or a position?: Project 
I currently have: I have specifications 
Required availability: As needed 
Required platforms: Android, iPhone 
I need to: Create an app 
App type: Other 
Back-end is required: Yes 
Payment gateway: Yes 
 Category  Finance & Management 
Subcategory  Accounting 
What do you need?  For a startup 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
Required availability  As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Microsoft Excel   Accounting   Financial Analysis 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  D.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: January 2021 
 Project activity 
 2 
 Bids 
 2 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
