Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Warehouse & Production Associates 
 Value Village 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Value Village is a part of the Savers family of stores. We are a for-profit, global thrift retailer offering great quality, gently used clothing, accessories and household goods. Our Rethink Reuse business model of purchasing, reselling and recycling gives communities a smart way to shop and keeps more than 700 million pounds of used goods from landfills each year. We also help more than 100 nonprofit organizations by purchasing donated goods from them, which provides a source of revenue to help support their vital community programs and services. 
 We operate over 300 locations. Our brands are Value Village (in Canada and the U.S.), Village des Valeurs (in Quebec), Savers (in the U.S), Unique (in the U.S.) and Savers Australia. 
 Summary & Positions: 
At Value Village our Retail Warehouse & Production Associates create an awesome experience for our Customers, Donors and other Team Members. We are hiring for both Full Time and Part Time positions which may include: 
 
 Retail Merchandise Sorters & Pricers 
 Inventory Receivers, Processors & Stockers 
 Material Handlers & Recyclers 
 Warehouse Production Associates 
 Community Donation Center Ambassadors 
 
 What you can expect: 
A commitment to protecting the health and safety of our Team Members. Great benefits, paid training, career development, bonus opportunities, a competitive wage, and a 50% Team Member discount. Our Team is a great one, made up of people from many different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives, all with something special to contribute. You’ll positively impact Team Members, Customers, Donors, Your Community, and the Environment. 
 Value Village is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates with a disability taking part in the interview and selection process. General Labour 
 165 W Wellington Barrie, ON L4N 1L7 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
