Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Director of Online Librarians 
 Posted on  January 29, 2015  by   sarahgprescott 
 1/28/15 -  Director of Online Librarians 
American Public University System (APUS), USA 
 Sarah P’s comments  : APU was founded in 1991 to offer online degrees to the US Armed Forces. The reviews from students and faculty are generally positive and they seem to be a growing organization. I think this could be a great opportunity to develop virtual librarianship while giving you the freedom to travel. FYI: Last fall three positions were listed, one senior online librarian, one online librarian, one part-time online librarian. 
 GlassDoor Reviews from APU Faculty 
 RipoffReports for APU 
 Director of Online Librarians 
 
 Reports To  : VP & Assistant Provost for Library and Instructional Resources 
 Department:  Library/Academics 
 Office Location  : Charles Town, WV 
 FLSA Status  : Exempt 
 Date Posted  : January 21, 2015 
 Date Closing  : Open Until Filled 
 
 Synopsis of Role: 
 The Director of Online Librarians manages the remote corps of online librarian staff of the American Public University System (APUS) Library, and reports to the Vice President (VP) & Assistant Provost for Library and Instructional Resources. The incumbent is responsible for virtual communications and is expected to possess strong web-based skills, experience with online teaching, online librarianship, information literacy, automated reference, and electronic resources in an academic setting. The role of the Director is a scholarly entrepreneur to help ensure the University’s academic reputation through innovative programs and librarian engagement with academic deans, program directors, faculty, faculty training, and instructional developers. The Director of Online Librarians is a managerial role to include training and scheduling librarians for virtual reference services, and is part of a formal team which includes Charles Town library operations, Course Materials, APUS ePress, and University Archives staff. 
 Essential Functions: 
 
 Manages and enhances the APUS Library in keeping with professional standards and to maintain a position as an industry leader. 
 Recruits and supervises professional online library staff with a focus on specialized education and experience to support the University’s degree programs. 
 Develops and manages training process and procedures. 
 Manages scheduling of librarians for general reference service for University faculty, students and staff. 
 Promotes student and faculty information literacy program to support student success and retention. 
 Develops innovative programs to ensure strong partnerships with faculty, library sustainability and promote faculty retention. 
 Works with faculty, staff, and students to proactively build academic excellence and the University’s reputation. 
 Performs other duties as assigned. 
 
 Work Environment and Physical Demands: 
 
 Remote position with travel and presence required in Charles Town office environment. 
 Attendance and participation in civic and scholarly events. 
 Scholarly research and contributions expected. 
 Collegial team environment that stresses cooperative endeavors and encourages exploration. 
 Requires Internet access at home that is sufficient to address the current campus-teaching platform and Online Library site. 
 
 Required Skills: 
 
 Actively acquires pertinent information and understands the APUS business model. 
 Dedicated to the University mission and fulfills its potential as an industry and scholarly leader. 
 Maintains a service and student orientation. 
 Remains conscious of faculty roles and seeks active partnerships with them. 
 Employs strategic thinking to balance academic traditions with innovative Web approaches. 
 Manages staff to include planning, monitoring for results, and individual development. 
 Acts as a rational decision maker. 
 Ability to be a self-starter and requires minimum supervision. 
 Communicates professionally and timely with staff, students, and faculty via email. 
 Advanced knowledge of Web-based Academic Librarianship. 
 Specialized awareness of electronic publishing and Web resources. 
 Web design and office automation software proficiency. 
 Recognized scholarly credentials and professional standing. 
 
 Required Experience: 
 
 Master’s Degree in Library and Information Science required and other advanced degrees encouraged. 
 Academic library experience and background in one or more of the University’s program areas are preferred. 
 Previous experience in online information services and management of other librarians for scheduling and online reference service preferred. 
 Management experience in an Academic Library or Archives preferred. 
 
 Email  recruiting@apus.edu  to apply for this job. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Virtual Jobs  and tagged  Online Librarian ,  virtual librarians ,  Virtual Library Jobs  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
