Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Lead Generation 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (549) 
 IT & Programming  (205) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (73) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (137) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (45) 
 Sales & Marketing  (44) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (24) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (549) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (170) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (145) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (66) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Not Sure  (105) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (549) 
 Featured  (31) 
 Full Time  (5) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Lead Generation Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 10 of 10 results ) 
 Lead Generation 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Remote BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Email Marketing  Posted: 05th Jan 2021 Ends: 19th Feb 2021  2 Proposals 
 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website De... 
 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Looking For Investor to invest on my business model  
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Branding  Posted: 04th Jan 2021 Ends: 18th Feb 2021  0 Proposals 
 I am looking for someone who can invest some amount on my high profit business model so in return I will pay back good percentage from my profit amount. 
 I am looking for someone who can invest some amount on my high profit business model so in return I will pay back good percentage from my profit amount. 
 Skills:  Advertising ,  Branding ,  Google+ ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing 
 Client:  abhishek84  ,  India 
 Redefining your window decor and outdoor spaces with beautiful outdoor blinds  
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 26th Dec 2020 Ends: 09th Feb 2021  1 Proposals 
 Outdoor window decor can transform your home. Porches are fascinating spaces. However, there are certain limitations that can hinder your outdoor fun. The three major concerns are light control, extreme weather, a... 
 Outdoor window decor can transform your home. Porches are fascinating spaces. However, there are certain limitations that can hinder your outdoor fun. The three major concerns are light control, extreme weather, and privacy. • A powerful and beautiful way to address all these issues is to install the best outdoor window coverings. Installing window coverings and blinds on your windows and outdoor doors also help you maintain the space for preventing any moisture, rain, dust, etc from entering your property. • Roll-up blinds are ideal for a porch. They block outsiders' views and offer total privacy. They also provide the best protection from damaging and harmful UV rays. Considering the large porch space, roller shades can dress it up perfectly. • Vertical blinds are also perfect for your outdoors. You can mount these beautiful blinds on your windows and doors. They are customizable and very stylish. • Despite being the oldest window blinds/coverings, vertical blinds always remain in vogue. The modern ones are design-savvy. Choosing the best treatment Outdoor curtains, patio shades, and  outdoor blinds  all provide sun protection and privacy. But they entail different looks and you have cases where they have varying levels of solar shades. • Outdoor blinds are just like outdoor curtains. You can install them over your pergola or porch opening. You can lower or raise them for creating the desired shade. It depends on the fabric type. • Bamboo roller blinds are pretty cheap and they withstand fluctuating temperatures really well. Blinds comprising outdoor fabric are always heavier and can block more sunlight. You must remove and clean them before winter kicks in. You can then hang them when the outdoor season starts. That's what preventive maintenance is all about. Creating privacy outside your walls doesn't mean you need to construct walls between your property and your neighbor's house. Make your patio, deck, or porch feel like a safe oasis or private platform with customizable outdoor blinds. In a nutshell While buying outdoor blinds for your outdoor space, you need to keep versatility in mind. They provide numerous benefits to your property. In addition to underpinning or setting the overall ambiance and mood of your living areas, outdoor blinds also optimize your outdoor space's utility. • They have the potential for extensions. You can use them throughout the year. Outdoor blinds epitomize versatility. • You need to look for premium materials. They are available in a wide variety of materials, from PVS and mesh to weave. • Select the best material that fits your purpose. The right selection of materials fortifies the external edifices, provide durability, and protect internal furnishings, carpet, and fittings. • Delineating the space through design is another important step. You need to select the optimal and feasible design for bolstering the architectural foundation and flow of your home. If you love alfresco dining, you may go for folding-arm awnings in your balcony or patio. Consider the right color combination or scheme. A popular choice is stripes and chevrons. Summary: Your outdoor area is the perfect place to hang out with friends and family, or sit and sip coffee nonchalantly. You need the right outdoor blinds to match the decor. 
 Skills:  Lead Generation ,  Internet Marketing 
 Client:  trudyseeger  ,  United States Of America 
 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER  
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 23rd Dec 2020 Ends: 06th Feb 2021  0 Proposals 
 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website De... 
 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Social Media Marketing ,  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Hiring Business Development Executive Work Remotely 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Sales  Posted: 15th Dec 2020 Ends: 29th Jan 2021  8 Proposals 
 Skills - Online Bidding Should have great knowledge of Online Bidding Portals, Previous experience in IT Company Preferred. Good Communication Client Handling, Technically Good, Target Oriented, Proposal Making. Expe... 
 Skills - Online Bidding Should have great knowledge of Online Bidding Portals, Previous experience in IT Company Preferred. Good Communication Client Handling, Technically Good, Target Oriented, Proposal Making. Experience - Fresher/Experienced We are looking for an ambitious and energetic Business Development Manager for long term to help us expand our clientele. You will be the front of the company and will have the dedication to create and apply an effective service strategy for clients bring by you. Initially, will need you to work on healthy commission basis with incentive, after the sales picks up, you will get fix salary with commission. Responsibilities and Duties Must have experience in Online Bidding on the portals like Upwork, Freelancer etc. Must have excellent communication skills (verbal and written both). Lead generation, searching the new market strategy and making agents all over the world Writing Proposal / Costing/ Negotiations/ prepare project schedules. Review and check procedures and documentation, prepare the release package. Creating a pipeline of projects in Web Design, Development, and Mobile applications. Knowledge of Direct and online marketing of web-based software development. Candidate should know to write proposals for projects, Setup portfolio on websites and get projects through these websites. Online marketing campaigns. Interact with clients for their technical requirements. Should preferably be from a technical background (IT Industry) Should be interactive and submit work/update on a daily basis is must. 
 Skills:  Freelance Marketing ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Sales ,  Direct Marketing 
 Client:  softkonnect  ,  Canada 
 Digital Project Manager 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   SMM - Social Media Marketing  Posted: 14th Dec 2020 Ends: 28th Jan 2021  8 Proposals 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experi... 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experience of team and client management. Absolutely must be able to work independently with little input required. Must be able to think intuitively, good problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will be able to identify a client's desires and create a digital marketing plan to cater to these desires. This individual will have experience in creating a plan and communicating the timelines, goals and budget to the relevant teams. Throughout their role, this individual will serve as a liaison between the client and various teams and facilitate communication between teams. Anyone who requires lots of input and cannot work things out for themselves need not apply. Responsibilities Outline project goals, timeline, budget and execution plan Follow compliance and quality standards throughout the project Facilitate communication between relevant internal business units Communicate with client to understand needs and manage expectations Qualifications Experience in digital marketing space or relevant area Strong analytical, communication and leadership skills Experience working with social media in professional setting Knowledge of industry trends and standards 
 Skills:  Email Marketing ,  Internet Marketing ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Social Media Marketing 
 Client:  chaseinsulations  ,  India 
 Competitor analysis ,seo strategy and seo  
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 09th Dec 2020 Ends: 7 days   12 Proposals 
 Need an expert who can analyze the competitor strategy deeply and accordingly make a strategy for doing SEO of our site 
 Need an expert who can analyze the competitor strategy deeply and accordingly make a strategy for doing SEO of our site 
 Skills:  Social Media Marketing ,  Market Research ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Lead Generation ,  Google Analytics 
 Client:  caadvcs 
 Project Manger Required 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 07th Dec 2020 Ends: 5 days   4 Proposals 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experi... 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experience of team and client management. Absolutely must be able to work independently with little input required. Must be able to think intuitively, good problem solving skills. Anyone who requires lots of input and cannot work things out for themselves need not apply. 
 Skills:  Sales ,  Public Relations ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Lead Generation 
 Client:  chaseinsulations  ,  India 
 Shrubs - Best Coding platform for Kids 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Sales  Posted: 07th Dec 2020 Ends: 4 days   1 Proposals 
 We are the best coding platform for kids, We are looking for sales manager as free lancer / contract / Full time 
 We are the best coding platform for kids, We are looking for sales manager as free lancer / contract / Full time 
 Skills:  Telemarketing ,  SEM ,  Sales ,  Lead Generation 
 Client:  nasarfaridi 
 Sales Manager (Freelance) 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Sales  Posted: 05th Dec 2020 Ends: 3 days   6 Proposals 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 1. To engage prospects and generate leads. Convert qualified leads to successful subscription to our platform, products & services driving sales & realised revenue. 2. Demonstrate ... 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 1. To engage prospects and generate leads. Convert qualified leads to successful subscription to our platform, products & services driving sales & realised revenue. 2. Demonstrate verbally, in writing and through live product demons, how customers can capture value and envision their future with our products and services. 3. Leverage social, digital, video, chat, phone and demonstrate environments to effectively reach, sell and to manage our customers. 4. Work independently with minimum supervision in an agile, collaborative and dynamic teaming environment with other team members in the organization to effectively manage opportunities and pipeline through the sales cycle. Experience / Skills Required: - 2-5 Years in Sales. - Education / HR / Recruitment / Referral / Placement Company Experience - Large People Network / Social Media Followers 
 Skills:  Sales ,  Marketing ,  Lead Generation 
 Client:  onetarush  ,  Singapore 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
