Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](http://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Freelance 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-become-a-freelance-writer-with-no-experience/ "How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All") 
 How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All 
 Becoming a freelance writer is many people's dreams. However, how to become a freelance writer with no experience is downright daunting. Getting your first paid writing gig is a big … 
 Read More about How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All 
 ](http://worksion.com/negotiate-your-freelance-rate/ "How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!)") 
 How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!) 
 "What's your hourly rate?""Can you give me a project estimate?" These dreaded questions can turn an otherwise smashing interview into awkward-city. Negotiating your freelance rate can leave you feeling very … 
 Read More about How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!) 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-create-steady-freelance-income/ "How to Create Steady Freelance Income") 
 How to Create Steady Freelance Income 
 For those looking for an alternative to the rat race, life as a freelancer can seem pretty sweet. When you work as a freelancer, you can set your own hours, … 
 Read More about How to Create Steady Freelance Income 
 ](http://worksion.com/common-bookkeeping-mistakes/ "4 Common Bookkeeping Mistakes for Freelancers (And How to Avoid Them)") 
 4 Common Bookkeeping Mistakes for Freelancers (And How to Avoid Them) 
 The creative spirit may have launched your business, but it is the financial side that will sustain it. Very few people are born with a love bookkeeping but it's essential … 
 Read More about 4 Common Bookkeeping Mistakes for Freelancers (And How to Avoid Them) 
 ](http://worksion.com/variable-pricing-why-you-shouldnt-charge-all-clients-the-same-amount/ "Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn’t Charge All Clients the Same Amount") 
 Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn’t Charge All Clients the Same Amount 
 Should you charge all of your clients the same amount? Lauren Fritsch, consultant, coach to many top CEO's and leaders, and owner of The Coaching Collective, shares her experience and tips … 
 Read More about Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn’t Charge All Clients the Same Amount 
 ](http://worksion.com/starting-a-freelance-writing-business/ "Starting a Freelance Writing Business? 3 Mistakes to Avoid") 
 Starting a Freelance Writing Business? 3 Mistakes to Avoid 
 OK WAHM's, girlbosses and mompreneurs! Like me, you're doing the grand juggling act, carrying endlessresponsibilities and multi-tasking like a pro. Not only do we have a career to maintain and … 
 Read More about Starting a Freelance Writing Business? 3 Mistakes to Avoid 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-become-a-successful-freelance-artist/ "How to Become a Successful Freelance Artist") 
 How to Become a Successful Freelance Artist 
 Becoming a freelance artist is one thing: succeeding is another!  Yes, freelancing is hard work - but it's also a rewarding and highly enjoyable way to make a living. And, … 
 Read More about How to Become a Successful Freelance Artist 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-grow-your-freelance-business-to-an-agency/ "How to Grow from Freelance to an Agency") 
 How to Grow from Freelance to an Agency 
 Small businesses aren't meant to stay small forever. Eventually, you'll have to breach the barrier and scale up - or remain stagnant and fail. Many entrepreneurs understand this and dream … 
 Read More about How to Grow from Freelance to an Agency 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-get-along-with-difficult-freelance-clients/ "How to Get Along with Difficult Freelance Clients") 
 How to Get Along with Difficult Freelance Clients 
 If you're aiming to build a successful career in freelancing, delivering high-quality work is only half the battle. If your freelance clients are difficult to work with, even the most … 
 Read More about How to Get Along with Difficult Freelance Clients 
 ](http://worksion.com/5-steps-to-prepare-for-freelancing-success/ "5 Steps to Prepare for Freelancing Success") 
 5 Steps to Prepare for Freelancing Success 
 Are you considering starting freelancing? There's no denying the attractions of the freelance life. You can choose your own projects, work your own hours, and enjoy a sense of freedom … 
 Read More about 5 Steps to Prepare for Freelancing Success 
 
 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
