Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Experience Associate 
 TD Bank 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 At TD Canada Trust, we are the frontline of TD Bank. We strive to build deep and long- lasting relationships with our customers. By understanding their needs and providing personalized financial solutions, our purpose is to help our customers and small businesses achieve their financial goals. 
 We are looking for brand champions, relationship builders, and leading professionals with an understanding of market and economic trends that can build legendary customer experiences. 
 Join TD Canada Trust and think like a customer, act like an owner, innovate with purpose and execute with an impact. 
 Job Description 
 Can you bring your charming self to work and make customer interactions delightful one? Can you process financial transactions accurately and get a sense of achievement by providing excellent customer experience? If so then, take the next step to your future today and apply for the position of Customer Experience Associate. We are expecting an all-around champion who can understand customer needs and advise best suited banking solutions for a positive customer experience. 
 In this role, you will: 
Process financial transactions like deposits, withdrawals and bill payments as per standardized operating procedures, industry regulations and TD's Code of Conduct and Ethics 
Understand and determine customer needs to recommend solutions specific to those needs while exercising discretion in confidential matters 
Respond and resolve customers' concerns using standard procedures and escalating non-standard activities, as necessary 
Achieve assigned goals and business objectives by promoting banking solutions and completing business processes in a timely and accurate manner 
Connect personally with customers to advise them appropriately and clearly on banking solutions and processes 
Help build a positive, diverse and equitable work environment by promoting team effectiveness as well as participating in personal performance development 
Assist the team by respecting coworkers, staying dedicated, and keeping everyone up-to-date on the status of routine activities 
Deliver quality customer experiences and recommend operational improvements where opportunity exists to improve and achieve operational excellence 
 Job Requirements 
 High School Diploma with over 1 year of relevant experience 
Undergraduate degree or equivalent is an asset 
Strong administration, organizational, planning and time management skills to work in a fast-paced environment 
Hands on knowledge of using MS Office (Word, Excel and Outlook) and internet 
A go-getter who can exercise initiative and be accurate and detail oriented to handle several tasks and changing priorities 
A dynamic communicator with established customer experience skills who can connect, both verbally and in writing, with different people in a calm, courteous, and effective manner 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Retail Sales & Service 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Retail Banking - Customer Service 
 Job Category(s) 
 Retail Banking - Customer Service 
 Hours 
 15 
 Business Line 
 TD Canada Trust 
 Time Type 
 Part Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 Ontario 
 City (Primary) 
 Barrie 
 Work Location 
 60 Mapleview Drive West 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
