  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cardiff,UK 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Deputy Manager 
 We are currently looking to recruit for  a Deputy Nurse Manager to work with one of the UK's leading healthcare provider. 
 As a deputy you will be working in highly reputable service within the Cardiff. 
 As the Deputy Home Manager you have responsibility for assisting in the management of a business and a team. 
 As part of the leadership team you will be responsible for ensuring the whole facility operates effectively and of course ensuring we deliver the very best quality care. 
 The position requires you to conduct nursing duties within the role. 
 This requires you to hold a Nursing qualification. 
 **The successful nurse will be offered an excellent salary of pay plus other great benefits.   ** 
 So as a Deputy Manager what do you need to do to make this happen? 
 *Ensure the delivery of quality care - continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes and developing the service to enhance their quality of life. 
 *Assist the home manager - deputise in the overall management of the care home as required. 
 *Positively influence the reputation of the home - communicating professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. 
 *Play an active role in ensuring compliance within the home - managing the implementation of company policies and regulatory requirements; striving to achieve the best possible care rating and other external recognition of quality. 
 *Maintain clinical excellence - role models high standards of nursing care, ensuring legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines are followed. 
 *Support the financial effectiveness of the home - ensure the home operates within budget through effective use of resources and identify areas to improve efficiency. 
 *Take on an active leadership role - you will need to be a visible leader in the home supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business. 
 JOB REQUIREMENTS 
 In order to achieve this our Deputy Managers should have: 
 A strong passion and commitment to enhance the specialist services we deliver. 
 A positive and flexible attitude and wholly adopt a person centred ethos, exhibiting empathy and a desire to make a difference. 
 Be forward thinking and up to date with current practices and have a desire to maintain excellent clinical and industry knowledge. 
 Strong leadership and management qualities are essential and previous experience as a deputy home manager would be desirable. 
 Deputy Managers are critical to the continued success of the business, working across all aspects of care; the role gives a great opportunity to take managerial and leadership responsibilities whilst continuing to deliver clinical care. 
 Reference ID: 3586 
 **For more information please call Peter Fit  on 01216380567 or send your CV to contact@jupiterrecruitment.co.uk ** 
 
 
 Location:  Cardiff,UK 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 
 Contact:  Peter Fit 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 638 0567 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  3586 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-23 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 Locality Manager - Supported Living 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Clinical Nurse Specialist 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Deputy Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Head of Care 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Night Nurse 
 Clinical Nurse Specialist 
 Head of Care - Nursing 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Theatre Practitioner 
 Theatre Scrub Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
