[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Marketing & Communications 
 
 
 Marketing 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted November 10 
 On Deck 
 
 Overview 
 On Deck is building a modern education institution: helping the world’s most talented, ambitious people learn the skills and build the networks they need to start — or get in on the ground floor of the next great tech companies. 
 Our core offering is the  On Deck Fellowship : an intensive 10-week program offering extensive expert-led curriculum, and building community around a group of experienced engineers, designers, operators, and repeat founders. Once  described as   “joining a great company full of super talented people—and proceeding straight to the "mafia" phase." 
 To date, 450 Fellows have founded around 180 companies, and raised over $90M from some of the best investors in the world. Over the coming years, On Deck will seed many thousands of new world-changing startups, and you have the opportunity to be a part of their journey from day zero. 
 We also just  announced  the On Deck Angel Fellowship, helping world-class operators answer these questions and more; build their co-investor networks, hone their skills, and develop their capacity to fund and support the next generation of builders. 
 As the community grows, we are building software to scale and manage the community, and create magical experiences for participants. 
 We've already built a lot.  Here's a sneak peek . 👀 
 The Opportunity 
 You will serve as On Deck’s megaphone, amplifying the work of our fellows and team to the masses. You will play a major role in owning the brand voice in major announcements, social media, and creating new email campaigns. 
 Every week during the On Deck Fellowship, we host 20+ hours of programming, including small intimate workshops, webinars, fireside conversations, and more — and featuring the foremost thinkers in the technology industry. You will create an online presence that showcases what we do best and attracts more experts to get involved. 
 As the Fellowship grows, this is developing into a content engine like no other. A "MasterClass" for building startups. Your role will be to synthesize this raw content, curate it, and help to create lasting resources for our community: publishing externally to a distribution list of 10,000+ subscribers, and posting internally for our community of Fellows. 
 We will measure success from growth in brand reach and high-quality application volume to our fellowship programs. 
 What you'll do 
 
 
 * work to optimize our messaging and positioning, carefully crafting copy that captures the attention of the world’s most talented individuals
 
 
 create and optimize email marketing campaigns that to grow our subscriber list and drive applications to our fellowships and courses 
 coordinate online coverage for major events and announcements 
 own and manage our social media channels and website, updating the strategy and experimenting to improve these channels as acquisition tools 
 work closely with the team to ensure that all online content, social media and product (copy, photos, illustration, presentations) adheres to the brand guidelines and in-house standards and style. 
 have the opportunity to co-publish with some of the best minds in tech, generate editorial ideas for our online presence as appropriate and create, source and repurpose relevant content for use. 
 manage the overall balance of our online content to ensure all our events and products are represented and shared appropriately. 
 review analytics on content strategies and report on success rates of campaigns. 
 optimize content for SEO opportunities and identify new content opportunities that fit within our value positioning and brand messaging. 
 
 
 
 Who you are 
 
 
 * You love to write, absorb and share knowledge.
 
 
 You can amplify brands through social media channels like Twitter and LinkedIn 
 You can design effective email campaigns that add value and convert subscribers into customers 
 You live and breathe technology and startups and are passionate about empowering founders and growing the startup community. 
 You have your own personality and consistent tone to the writing. 
 You’re self-driven, biased for action – ready to roll up your sleeves and think creatively. 
 Thrive working under pressure, you’re organized and can multi-task, creating awesome, accurate content quickly. 
 Can interact with and help manage a creative, fast-paced and fun team. 
 Have experience working in a startup environment, you have solid knowledge about marketing, growth and product as relevant for startups. 
 Love English grammar and have excellent English writing and communication skills honed through proven experience. 
 Experience with managing content (events, publications/blogs, etc). 
 Experience collecting and analysing media metrics – you can data crunch with the best of them. 
 
 
 
 What you get: 
 This role comes with a competitive salary, stock options, and a share of carried interest in On Deck's "Runway" program and future investing initiatives, plus employee benefits including generous healthcare. 
 Location, start date and compensation: 
 Our team works remotely, but you will have to be available to work on U.S. PST-friendly hours, which may be difficult from Europe or Asia. 
 You would start as soon as possible. 
 
 Apply for job 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  302 
 Marketing 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Senior Customer Success Manager 
 Labelbox  The training data platform for production AI 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Support
* November 24
 
 
 
 
 Enterprise Customer Success Manager 
 Noyo  Powering modern infrastructure for modern health insurance 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Support
* November 10
 
 
 
 
 Paid Media Manager 
 Vessel  Come to a powerful understanding of your body by putting the power of the lab in the palm of your hand. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* January 11
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
