  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  New Graduates   
  Job Search   
 5 Common Problems Recent College Grads Face in the Job Search 
 
 5 Common Problems Recent College Grads Face in the Job Search 
 by Sharon Elber 
 Having trouble landing a job after college? You are not alone. Here are the 5 most common problems you may be facing, and what to do about them. 
 1) Lack of Experience 
 Even if you aced all of your classes during college, you may find that employers pass you over due to a lack of real-world experience. Although it may be frustrating, understand that just because you know how to study for a test, doesn’t mean you have a strong work ethic, the ability to work well in diverse teams, or the skillset required to acknowledge your mistakes and quickly learn on the job. 
 Keep in mind that just a few years ago, another batch of students hit the job market with the same degree. Now those students have a little bit of experience under their belt in addition to their degree and they are competing with you for the same jobs. Many employers would rather hire a proven quantity rather than role the dice with someone who is untested. 
 How to fix a lack of experience: 
 
 If you are still in college, look for opportunities to get some work experience, even if it is not directly related to your field. A part-time job waiting tables may not sound like much, but at least you will have a previous employer who can speak to your strengths with teamwork, reliability, and work ethic. 
 Another option is to consider  applying for internships  after you graduate. Although they often do not pay well (or at all), they can give you vital experience while  building your professional network  at the same time. 
 Finally, make sure your resume highlights any relevant experience that emphasizes the qualities that will make you a good worker. For example, if you played sports, you can emphasize what you did to contribute to the success of the team. If you volunteered, list any skills you gained such as multitasking, organizing, or creating promotional materials. Don’t miss a chance to turn your extracurriculars into the kinds of transferable skills that employers are looking for in a candidate. 
 
 2) Unrealistic Expectations 
 Many college students suffer from the misconception that as soon as they get their degree, they will be able to land their dream job. Unfortunately, in most cases, this kind of pie-in-the-sky thinking is inaccurate. Part of it has to do with experience, as discussed above. However, the other piece of this puzzle has to do with the ebb and flow of the workforce. 
 Rather than a fixed quantity, the job market is fluid and dynamic. The demand for workers changes regionally and sporadically, as does the supply of workers. This means that finding the right job may mean adjusting your expectations and becoming more open to “next best” opportunities. 
 How to fix unrealistic expectations: 
 
 Think of your first job as a stepping stone towards your dream job. While it does not hurt to apply to jobs that are just out of reach, be sure that your  job search  also includes plenty of entry level positions that take you in the direction of your ultimate career ambitions. 
 Once you have some on the job experience you can leverage that to get promoted from within or find a better job elsewhere within the first few years of your working life. 
 In addition, you may want to get serious about the possibility of relocating to take advantage of regional differences in the job market. This can be particularly useful if you are looking to get your foot in the door in a very competitive field. Get up to date with regional news by subscribing to industry specific publications in your field and attending professional  networking events  in your sector. 
 
 3) Poor Interview Skills 
 Many recent grads struggle with the  job interview . This critical aspect of the job search is your chance to sell yourself and your fit for the position you are applying for. And, it is not just about showing off how great you are, but also what you have to offer the company. It is a delicate balance that takes some skill to pull off. 
 How to fix poor interview skills: 
 
 Start with a  visit to your college’s career center  to find out if they offer interview workshops,  mock interviews , or other resources to help you work on your  interviewing skills . These are opportunities to get vital feedback to target your areas for improvement. Plus, the more you practice, the more comfortable you will get with the process, improving your performance when the pressure is on. 
 Another potential resource for getting better at the interview is to get some feedback from family and friends who have professional experience. This also has the advantage of getting the word out to your  social network  that you are in the job search which means you may hear about otherwise unknown job opportunities that your contacts may be aware of. They may even be able to provide you with a referral, a very helpful leg up in the process. 
 
 4) Lack of Clear Direction 
 It is not uncommon for students to get their degree, but still not have a clear idea about their ultimate career path. If this applies to you, then you may be feeling frustrated, overwhelmed, and confused about how to get started in the workforce. 
 A lack of direction can show up on your  application materials  such as your  resume  and  cover letter , discouraging potential employers from wanting to take a risk on investing the time to train you for the work. Another cost of not having clarity on your ultimate career goals is that you may feel insecure and undersell yourself to potential employers. 
 How to fix a lack of clear direction: 
 
 First, keep in mind that you are not alone. Many college students are in the same boat. You don’t have to undersell the skills and qualifications you have gained just because you are unsure of where you are going to ultimately land. In addition, it is perfectly acceptable to frame yourself as a strong fit for a particular job even if you are unsure. Be honest about your skills, qualifications, and experience, but feel free to be optimistic about the job’s fit for your career trajectory. 
 Second, approach your first job as a chance to gain clarity on your career trajectory. Even if you decide to go in a different direction, you will have gained valuable work experience and transferable skills that will help you land a better job that better suits your ultimate career goals once you have a better idea about what they are. 
 Finally, look for work that keeps your doors open for the future. For example, jobs in large companies that offer multiple opportunities for advancement from within are a good way to grow into your career as you find the kinds of work that best suit your personality and strengths. 
 
 5) Difficulty Adulting 
 Just because you were a stellar student doesn’t mean you have what it takes to thrive in the adult world where expectations are higher and the milestones won’t be handed to you by your teachers. While the college experience has a lot of “check this box and then move on to the next box,” the workplace is messy, nonlinear, and full of dead ends and amazing opportunities. 
 If you need a metaphor, think of college life as an old-school scroller game, and the adult world as a massive multiplayer online role-playing game. In other words, it is a totally different kind of experience. 
 Employers have a tendency to be more demanding of your time and focus and less accepting of excuses. And, work-life balance is something that takes some practice for all of us. Add to that new responsibilities to pay bills on time, get the car to the shop, buy groceries, and clean the kitchen and it can be an overwhelming experience. 
 How to fix difficulty adulting: 
 
 Give yourself permission to make some mistakes as you adjust to a new life. Again, remember that you are not alone in dealing with the transition. Meanwhile, make work your priority. By the time your career starts to fall into place, the rest will follow. 
 Remember that the onus to adjust is on you. One mistake many new grads make is to expect their work to accommodate them rather than the other way around. Although some workplaces have a more flexible attitude, most don’t. However, if you set the right priorities, you will be well on your way to succeeding in work and life. 
 
 New Graduates Center 
 
 Job Search 
 Networking 
 Cover Letter Writing 
 Resume Writing 
 Interviewing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Resume Tips for New Graduates  
 How to Apply to Graduate School  
 How to Land an Internship  
 The Job Search Timeline for College Students  
 
 FAQ 
 
 Should I attend graduate school? 
 What mistakes should I avoid as a new grad? 
 How can I network effectively? 
 How should I approach my college experience during the job interview? 
 
 New Graduates Center 
 
 Job Search 
 Networking 
 Cover Letter Writing 
 Resume Writing 
 Interviewing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
