
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Sr. IT Business Analyst, Quality & Manufacturing 
 Pharmavite 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Sr. IT Business Analyst, Quality & Manufacturing 
 Pharmavite 
 [](mailto:?subject=Sr%2E%20IT%20Business%20Analyst%2C%20Quality%20%26%20Manufacturing&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14177135/sr-it-business-analyst-quality-manufacturing/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 7, 2020 
 Location: 
 West Hills, California 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Required Education: 
 4 Year Degree 
 Sr. IT Business Analyst, Quality & Manufacturing 
 West Hills, CA 
 We have become aware of scams from individuals, organizations, and internet sites claiming to represent Pharmavite in recruitment activities in return for disclosing financial information. 
 Our hiring process does not include text-based conversations or interviews and never requires payment or fees from job applicants. All of the career opportunities are published and regularly updated Pharmavite.com's  career page . 
 If you have already provided your personal information, please report it to your local authorities. Any fraudulent activity should be reported to  recruiting@pharmavite.com opens an email client application . 
 HELP US BRING THE GIFT OF HEALTH TO LIFE. 
 Working at Pharmavite is an experience like no other. With a focus on complete nutrition for all, each endeavor is urgent and every day counts. You'll have the opportunity to work on the #1 selling national vitamin and supplement brand, Nature Made, as well as an exciting portfolio of other products that are shaping the future of the healthy living industry. Consumer-driven innovation, high quality products and a promising portfolio, all driven by a team with a shared sense of purpose -- that's Pharmavite. Join us to bring the gift of health to life. 
 The  Sr. IT Business Analyst, Quality & Manufacturing  is a strategic advisor that is responsible for driving engagement across the Quality organization to maximize the value of IT technology investments through direct collaboration with the Quality & IT teams to understand needs, define, develop and deliver cost-effective and efficient solutions. This role is also a key contributor to the definition & execution of our computer system validation protocol (21 CFR Part 11), while also directly collaborating with our Manufacturing, Research & Development and Technical Operations teams to bring quality to life. The  Sr. IT Business Analyst, Quality & Manufacturing  reports to Sr. Manager, Enterprise Solutions. 
 At Pharmavite, every employee has a stake in bringing the gift of health to life. We never shy away from disruptive innovation and tough challenges, because we're making real nutrition accessible to consumers everywhere in new and different ways. And because we know every nutriment we make matters, we have to make sure each one is just right before we make it ready for use. With this great responsibility comes the satisfaction that your contribution makes a real and significant difference. 
 Critical contributions this role is counted on to deliver include: 
 
 Build strong working relationships to facilitate cross-functional collaboration. 
 Transform requirements into technical solutions that add value while maintaining current systems. 
 Execute priorities to align with strategies. 
 Maintain good functional and technical change management practices. 
 
 
 The ideal candidate will be recognized as a key contributor to the Quality, Manufacturing, Research & Development, Technical Operations and IT teams as well as the larger Operations organization. You are people, process and systems-oriented and love identifying and delivering quality solutions that drive business transformation, while executing and maintaining the highest standards for technical solutions & support. You also enjoy working with and motivating others to success -- regardless of reporting lines and are comfortable operating with any staff/management level in the organization. 
 You'll be most successful in this role if you have: 
 
 A demonstrated deep understanding of Quality, Research & Development, Technical Operations & Manufacturing processes & technology with a track record of successfully delivering technical solutions to meet business requirements. 
 The ability to foster collaboration by building strong relationships and seamlessly working cross functionally on solutions that transform and add value. 
 A proven ability to act as both a functional and technical consultant to provide independent perspective with courage to challenge partners to think outside the box and drive appropriate solutions. 
 Project Management expertise with a delivery mindset. 
 The ability to prioritize the roadmap based on strategy and value while defining & executing actionable plans. 
 
 It's an exciting time in Pharmavite's history. After 45 years of leading the healthy living industry with award-winning vitamins and supplements, the company has experienced great success and has gained the trust of consumers, healthcare professionals, and retailers alike. But there's more growth ahead of us than behind us, and for our employees this translates into opportunity. Our rapidly changing business enables employees to take on new challenges and transform Pharmavite for the future. 
 In order to take on these challenges, you'll need to have: 
 
 Product Quality functional awareness. 
 Functional & technical familiarity with Quality solutions. 
 Systems analysis, design, testing, training, change control & implementation expertise. 
 Familiarity with computer system validation (21 CFR Part 11). 
 Proven systems support & troubleshooting. 
 7 years' experience as an Information Technology Business Analyst supporting business teams. 
 4 year college or university degree or equivalent work experience is preferred. 
 
 OUR OFFER: 
 Here, career paths aren't predefined and bureaucratic limitations don't exist -- you have the opportunity to grow, learn from industry pioneers, and develop the way you want to. Pharmavite is investing more in the development of our team -- to help us deliver on our purpose and help you achieve your career aspirations. Our environment is geared to fuel curiosity, encourage experimentation, and generate learning as this is the way we develop ourselves and our organization. 
 Pharmavite is committed to meeting the needs of our employees and their families with a Total Rewards package that's as comprehensive as the vitamins and supplements we deliver to consumers. With competitive compensation programs and standout benefits, we provide employees with optimal health and well-being -- as well as peace of mind. These rewards -- plus our new recognition program -- ensure employees feel supported both at work and home. 
 Visit Pharmavite.com/careers to learn more about our mission and discover an opportunity that's right for you. Health and wellness begins with us. 
 Pharmavite is an equal employment and affirmative action employer F/M/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disabled status, or any protected status. We do not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other basis covered by applicable law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need. 
 Disclaimer 
 The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications of employees assigned to this job. 
 No Visa Sponsorship Offered 
 
 Internal Number: #WH5320 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Pharmavite 
 At Pharmavite, we strive to make the world a better place. It’s in our DNA. More than 45 years ago, our founders focused on improving health & wellness by going back to the basics—good nutrition and essential nutrients & minerals. Since that day, we’ve been a leader in the health and wellness industry and have earned the trust of consumers, healthcare professionals, and retailers by offering the highest quality vitamins and supplements under the Nature Made® brand. At Pharmavite, we make products with a purpose, and our purpose is Bringing the Gift of Health to Life. We are always seeking like-minded, talented people who are passionate about health and wellness to join our team. We believe that if we work hard, and care about what we do, we will deliver exceptional results together. We are proud to offer: • Salary is competitive with a bonus program • Exceptional benefits package which includes medical, dental, vision insurance • 401K with company matching • Life insurance, and long term disability coverage • Educational assistance • Substantial discounts on our products • 11 paid holidays per year • An opportunity to be part of a health/wellness organization • Credit union membership 
 Connections working at Pharmavite 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 ENGR SR, ELECTRICAL 
 __  Bengaluru, India 
 
 
 
 
 Rockwell Automation 
 __1 Month Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
