Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 EEG Technologist 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  EEG Technologist 
 Status:  Casual 
 File#:  2020- 
 Dept/Health System:  Neurodiagnostics EEG- Trillium Health Partners 
 Hours of Work/Shifts:  Primarily Monday to Friday, 8 hours shifts *Mississauga Hospital site 
 Posted:  November 19, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 26, 2020 
 
 The location of any vacancy/position may be changed or reassigned as per operational needs 
 
 Trillium Health Partners, Neuro/MSK Health System, has an immediate opportunity for an Electroneurodiagnostic Technologist. The successful candidate will be responsible for conducting in-patient and out-patient EEG testing. This position supports the Regional Neurosciences Service for the Mississauga/Halton LHIN. 
 Key Qualifications: 
 
 Current certification with the Canadian Board of Registration of Electroencephalographic 
 
 Technologists (CBRET) required or currently in progress to obtain registration 
 
 Two (2) years recent practical experience in EEG preferred 
 Current CPR certification 
 Ability to work independently as well as a member of a dynamic team 
 Demonstrated effective decision making skills 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills combined with excellent patient care skills 
 
 and service excellence attitude is essential 
 
 Strong organizational skills combined with effective problem solving abilities 
 Positive work and attendance record is essential 
 
 Position Summary: 
 
 Perform in-patient and out-patient EEGs 
 Maintain accurate records of tests performed 
 Assist with statistical data and quality assurance 
 Ensure equipment is functioning properly and maintain adequate supplies 
 Maintains a safe work environment for co-workers, patients and visitors 
 Collaborate with other team members to optimize use of available resources 
 Support a customer-focused environment 
 Successful candidate is required to work across all 3 Trillium Health Partners Sites 
 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy and positive work environment. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
