[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Customer Success 
 
 
 Support 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted May 9 
 Applications have closed 
 Makeship 
 
 Overview 
 Our platform is being visited by millions of people every year. That traffic is fueled by the awesome creators that partner with us on campaigns and our amazing customer success team makes sure they go smooth as butter. This is no ordinary customer success role - you have to create a marketing plan and execute on it to make every creator you work with successful. 
 Intro 
 Why this role? 
 
 Have a massive impact on the company.  Even though we're growing fast, we're still a small team, and your contribution to managing our creators' campaigns will be noticed. 
 Maximum ownership and lots of independence.  You will set the tone for how you want to interact with creators. You can call them, text them or video chat - whatever works. You decide how campaigns should be promoted and you will execute on your plan. 
 Deploy and develop multiple skillsets.  You will get a chance to develop customer service, marketing and data analysis skills all in one role. 
 Join us at an epic time.  We're a profitable company and we've worked with 40 creators. We are planning to work with over 200 this year. This is the time to experience exponential personal and career growth. 
 
 Job requirements 
 About This Role 
 So, what will you do at Makeship in this Customer Success role? 
 
 Create successful campaign strategies for creators and implement them, including analyzing their Youtube channel, brainstorming ideas, and supporting them throughout the campaign 
 Drive retention and growth among our most valuable clients by understanding their needs and helping them succeed 
 Identify opportunities for clients to act as advocates for Makeship (testimonials, referrals, case studies) 
 Collaborate closely with sales to support and onboard new clients 
 Create marketing material to support the creator throughout the campaign (email, social media, videos, etc) 
 Using and creating workflows and marketing material through Notion 
 Analyzing Campaigns and pinpointing strategies to improve their success 
 
 This might be for you if… 
 
 1-2 years of experience in either a BDR role or a customer success role 
 An interest in the content creation space (you love social media personalities!) 
 Empathetic, positive attitude with a desire to help our clients reach their goals 
 Creative problem solver and ability to think on your feet with little guidance especially when encountering roadblocks 
 You thrives in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment 
 
 FAQ 
 
 What benefits can I expect?
 
 A stipend account for various medical expenses. 
 Free food at the office. 
 Any equipment that you need. 
 Flexibility with remote work. 
 Access to tons of resources and support to help you in your role and growth as an individual (team audible account, books etc.) 
 
 
 Is this role only full-time? Can I work remotely?
 
 Yes you can work remotely, but we prefer you work in our office in Kitchener, ON. (after the COVID19 situation is resolved) 
 
 
 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  894 
 Support 
 
  Website  
  Instagram  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Director of Marketing 
 B12  We are a people-powered AI startup that designs, builds, hosts and maintains intelligent websites 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* December 14
 
 
 
 
 Senior Marketing Manager 
 Winnie  Discover the best daycares, preschools, and more! 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* December 19
 
 
 
 
 Product Marketing Manager 
 Paytient  Improving Access to Affordable Health Care 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* November 6
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
