Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Senior Digital Archivist 
 Posted on  August 9, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 8.8.17 -  Senior Digital Archivist 
Information and Knowledge Services, National Library, Wellington, New Zealand 
 Type:  Permanent 
 Hours:  Full time 
 Location:  Wellington 
 Business Group  : National Library 
 Branch:  Information and Knowledge Services 
 Salary:  $70,661 - $95,600 
 Are you passionate about supporting the researcher of the future? 
 Are you experienced in collecting, storing and providing access to born-digital content? 
 Do you have a track record of exploring and innovating with digital collecting tools and technologies? 
 Our work is all about collecting, storing and preserving important things that are precious to New Zealand. In the Digital Collections Services Team, you'll have the opportunity to make a real difference in the lives of New Zealanders by helping to manage contemporary born-digital collections for the future. 
 The Senior Digital Archivist is a significant role that supports and improves the Library's efforts to collect and manage the born digital documentary heritage and that is important to research in New Zealand. 
 In this role, you will act as subject matter expert for the systems and processes used to acquire and manage born digital collections. You'll lead efforts to assess, test, and improve workflows, processes, access, and use of born digital collections. You will also manage the work of the Digital Archivist, perform ingest and technical appraisal, and lead or coordinate efforts to resolve complex born digital ingests. You will work collaboratively with the curatorial, arrangement and description, and digital preservation teams within the Library on issues relating to born digital collecting, preservation and access. 
 To succeed in this role you will need to have: 
 
 Post graduate qualification in the field of library and information science, archival studies, or related field or demonstrated relevant experience 
 Strong command of archival theory and practices 
 At least 5 years' experience in a research library, archive, or cultural heritage organization 
 Experience processing and working with analogue and born digital or electronic archives and records 
 
 For this role you will be: 
 
 An excellent communicator and influencer, with the ability to work independently, as a team member, and across organisational boundaries 
 A problem solver and critical thinker 
 Highly organised and able to manage multiple projects and deadlines 
 
 If this sounds like you, we would like to hear from you! 
 Applications close:  5PM Thursday 31 August 2017 
 For more information please contact:  Jessica Moran on 04 460 2862 or jessica.moran@dia.govt.nz 
 Job description:  To review the full job description, please  click here , if you are unable to open this link, please visit our careers website to veiw the full job description. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  International archives ,  International Archivists ,  New Zealand  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
