  Prinzo & Associates LLC  "Helping Clients Since 1991" 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Home  › Posts tagged job cuts 
 Blog Archives 
 ‘Historic’ spending cuts putting future oil supply at risk, threatening future spike in prices 
 Posted on  March 23, 2016  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
   
 Financial Post - Top Stories 34m ago oil-prices An oil shock may be lurking around the corner as the price bust has hammered investment in future supply, according to the International Energy Agency. “Historic” investment cuts taking place now increase the… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  bloomberg news ,  BP ,  chevron ,  conocophillips ,  cost per barrel of oil ,  future of drilling ,  future of energy in america ,  future of oil ,  global demand ,  global energy supply ,  global supply ,  gulf state oil production ,  historic spending cuts ,  IEA ,  IES ,  investments ,  job cuts ,  matt rayman ,  new york mercantile exchange ,  oil ,  oil market ,  oil prices ,  oil production ,  OPEC ,  pittsburgh ,  prinzo and associates ,  US Crude Stockpiles ,  west texas intermediate 
Posted in  business ,  drilling ,  economy ,  finance ,  fracking ,  job cuts ,  jobs ,  money ,  pittsburgh ,  technology ,  Uncategorized 
 Calfrac Well Services Ltd cuts another 500 jobs from North American workforce 
 Posted on  March 3, 2016  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
   
 Financial Post - Top Stories 8m ago layoffs-and-downsizing CALGARY — Calfrac Well Services Ltd. has cut another 500 jobs as gloom continues to linger over the oil and gas sector. The Calgary-based oilfield services firm says it now has 2,300… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  500 jobs ,  barrels of oil ,  calfrac ,  canada ,  crude oil ,  frackers ,  fracking ,  job cuts ,  jobs ,  matt rayman ,  north america ,  oil ,  oil prices ,  oil production ,  oilwell ,  pittsburgh ,  prinzo and associates ,  united states 
Posted in  drilling ,  entreprenuer ,  finance ,  fracking ,  job cuts ,  management ,  mananging ,  money ,  Uncategorized 
 For Oil Companies, It’s a Year of Slashing Costs and Jobs 
 Posted on  February 2, 2016  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
   
 Fortune 9m ago oil-prices Over the past several weeks, the world’s biggest oil companies have posted earnings that show just how brutal it is these days to be an oil major. The industry is going through the biggest downturn since… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  bloomberg ,  BP ,  business ,  chevron ,  exxon ,  gas prices ,  job cuts ,  job losses ,  local news ,  matt rayman ,  money ,  oil ,  oil companies ,  oil prices ,  oil production ,  pittsburgh ,  prinzo and associates ,  royal dutch shell ,  shell ,  standard and poors ,  world news 
Posted in  advice ,  business ,  finance ,  management ,  mananging ,  money ,  pittsburgh ,  Uncategorized 
 Contact 
 3402 Washington Road 
 724-942-3622 
 Monday - Friday 9a-5p 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 (C) 2021  Prinzo & Associates LLC 
 ↑ 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
