Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Amazon Warehousing Worker (Full-Time) - Hiring Immediately 
 Amazon 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 YOW1 – Amazon Warehouse Ottawa – 5225 Boundary Road, Navan 
 Amazon is hiring Full-Time Seasonal team members (Day & Night Shift) in Ottawa who can thrive in a fast-paced environment that involves working with and around moving machinery. Work inside an Amazon warehouse, picking, packing and shipping customer orders. Start as soon as 7 days. No resume or previous work experience required. 
 Key Responsibilities 
Be part of the team that prepares Amazon customer orders. Some of your duties may include: 
Receive and stow inventory 
Pick and pack orders 
Load boxes into trucks for shipment 
 Perform the following tasks: 
Lift up to 22 kilograms / 49 pounds 
Stand/walk during shifts lasting up to 12 hours, and frequently push, pull, squat, bend, and reach 
Operate carts, dollies, hand trucks, forklifts, order pickers, and other equipment to move large quantities of merchandise 
Operate powered industrial equipment (PIT); we provide special training to associates based on interest and availability 
Climb and descend stairs (applies to sites with stairs) 
Work on a secure mezzanine at a height of up to 12 meters / 40 feet (applies to buildings with mezzanines) 
Working in an Amazon Warehouse 
Working in a warehouse means being on the front line of fulfilling our customer promise. Here’s what it’s like inside the warehouse: 
Your safety is important to us. While on the job, you’ll wear a reflective vest, do daily stretching excercises to get ready for each shift, share safety tips with co-workers, and recognize each other for working safely. 
Flexibility is key; associates should be open to working voluntary and mandatory extra hours and willing to work at a fast pace. 
You’ll be on the move for your whole shift. Your shifts will include standing in one place for extended periods, walking around the facility, and climbing stairs. You will need to wear comfortable, closed-toed shoes. 
Even with climate controls, temperatures in some parts of our warehouses may vary between 15°C / 60°F and 32°C / 90°F. When working in the truck yard or inside of a trailer on the dock during a hot day, the temperature can exceed 32°C / 90°F. 
Noise levels vary. Hearing protection is available. 
A relaxed dress code gives you freedom to move around and feel comfortable and safe. We ask that associates follow warehouse dress code guidelines for safety reasons. 
Basic Qualifications 
High school or equivalent diploma 
 Base pay is $15.50/hr 
(Night Shift Premium - Additional $0.50/hr) 
 Benefits 
The perks of being an Amazon employee don’t stop at collaborating with great people on exciting and innovative projects. We also offer a full range of benefits that support employees and eligible family members, including domestic partners and their children. Amazon’s benefits can vary by location, the number of regularly scheduled hours you work, length of employment, and job status such as seasonal or temporary employment. 
 Learn more here:  https://www.amazondelivers.jobs/about/benefits 
 Amazon is committed to employment equity. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce that reflects Canada is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills and value your passion to discover, invent, simplify, and build. Amazon is committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with applicable laws in the province of Ontario. If you require accommodations, please notify us at www.amazondelivers.jobs/contactus. 
 PandoLogic. Keywords:  Warehouse Worker, Location: Smiths Falls, ON - K7A 3R2 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
