Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Solutions Engineer - SimCorp 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Technology department is responsible for developing technology solutions that contribute to the achievement of BCI’s mission and long-term goals. The department manages the Corporation’s business applications and information technology infrastructure, providing support to a large group of financial professionals. The department is also responsible for authoring technology-related directives and conducting disaster recovery planning to minimize risk to the Corporation’s delivery of investment services. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Manager, SimCorp Support, the Business Solution Engineers are responsible for business analysis of projects with medium to high levels of complexity. The Business Solutions Engineers collaborate and communicate with members of cross-functional teams and deliver business value to internal customers. These roles understand business needs and issues, clarify requirements and model business processes in an Agile hybrid environment. The roles focus on the analysis, design, implementation and support of business processes for a primary investment management system, SimCorp Dimension. 
 We are looking to fill multiple Business Solutions Engineer roles at levels - II & III 
 The position can be based in either Vancouver or Victoria with travel between the two cities. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 MUST HAVE: 
 All Positions: 
Bachelor’s degree in Technology, Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field 
Must have knowledge of the investment management industry 
Must have excellent customer-service, listening, communication and problem-solving skills 
Must be familiar with change management principles and practices relating to IT transformations 
Professional certifications such as Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO), Professional Scrum Product Owner (PSPO) or similar credentials are an asset 
 Business Solutions Engineer II: 
A minimum of 5 years experience working as a Business Analyst or Business Engineer in an Agile environment (Scrum, Kanban) 
Knowledge of SimCorp Dimension is preferred 
 Business Solutions Engineer III: 
A minimum of 8 years experience working as a Business Analyst or Business Engineer in an Agile environment (Scrum, Kanban) 
Must have working knowledge of SimCorp Dimension 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 All Positions: 
Collaborates with team members, other IT teams and customers to understand the objectives, needs and issues of assigned customer area(s) 
Elicits and captures business requirements and non-functional requirements through facilitating meetings, conducting workshops, conducting interviews and reviewing existing processes 
Validates business and non-functional requirements and ensures they meet desired outcomes 
Performs user research, analyzes user needs and aligns results with the desired outcomes 
Develops unambiguous and compelling user stories and clear user acceptance criteria 
Develops user personas, journey maps, wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows, 
site maps, prototypes and mock-ups 
Applies knowledge of Agile methods and participates in team activities, ceremonies and efforts to continuously improve processes including backlog development or grooming, sprint planning and team retrospectives 
Proactively identifies risks and issues and proposes solutions to remove barriers 
Acts as a subject matter expert and provides support, ad hoc training, and guidance to users and others to increase adoption of Agile methods 
Ensures business engineering artifacts are accurate, accessible, maintained and communicated to stakeholders as needed 
Undertakes special projects or assignments as required 
Performs other related duties as required 
 FOCUS AREA - SIMCORP 
Additional responsibilities for the focus area are as follows for all positions: 
Provides business analysis support for SimCorp Dimension projects 
Assesses, designs, implements and supports enhancements to business processes 
Investigates, analyses, troubleshoots and recommends solutions to business process issues on a timely basis and communicates with customers who rely on the system 
Understands the specific business rules and process dependencies of the system when assessing issues and formulating recommendations for solutions 
Documents the business processes and contributes to improving and documenting best practices for SimCorp Dimension implementation projects 
Continually expands knowledge of SimCorp Dimension and the customers’ needs, and ensures customers receive the optimal configuration and workflow 
 In addition to the responsibilities above, the Business Solutions Engineer II: 
 Designs information systems that deliver maximum business value to customers based on IT andcorporate strategies, priorities and customer needs 
Executes all visual design stages from concept to final delivery 
Collaborates with team members to identify opportunities for integrated user experiences 
 FOCUS AREA SIMCORP 
 Participates in all aspects of SimCorp Dimension projects, including business analysis, design, configuration, integration testing and production support 
Performs the configuration hand-over to the customer and supports the customer with testing 
 In addition to the responsibilities above, the Business Solutions Engineer III: 
 Provides technical leadership, mentoring and coaching to team members and creates a culture of customer-centricity, accountability and high performance 
 FOCUS AREA SIMCORP 
 Leads business engineering efforts of SimCorp Dimension projects, including business analysis, design, configuration, integration testing and production support 
Defines, collects and/or analyzes system KPIs, metrics and reporting use to track, optimize and communicate the product’s performance to customers 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Business Analysis 
 Effective performers possess a natural desire to deconstruct and rebuild systems, processes and policies to better understand their business value and improve upon it. They isolate causes from symptoms and compile information and alternatives to illuminate problems and issues. They strive to involve others in their analytical efforts and gather information from a variety of sources. 
 Relationship Building 
 Effective performers establish and proactively maintain a broad network of relationships (e.g. colleagues, co-workers, vendors, suppliers, etc.). They value these relationships and work effectively across the organization by maintaining positive working relationships with peers and others. 
 High Standards 
 Effective performers possess a high inner work standard and shows pride in their work. They consistently strive to ensure work is complete within deadlines and that all work performed is of a high quality. 
 Influence 
 Effective performers are skilled at directing, persuading, and motivating others. They are able to flex their style to direct, collaborate, or empower as the situation requires. They have established a personal power base built on mutual trust, fairness, and honesty. 
 Organization & Planning 
 Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. They follow through on tasks to ensure changes in technology are communicated effectively. 
 Results Orientation 
 Effective performers maintain appropriate focus on outcomes and accomplishments. They are motivated by achievement, and persist until the goal is reached. They convey a sense of urgency to make things happen. They respect the need to balance short- and long-term goals. They are driven by a need for closure. 
 Communicativeness 
 Effective performers clearly and articulately convey technical and other information both orally and in writing to others in a manner appropriate to the listener. They write clearly, accurately and concisely, composing project, technical and other required documentation as required. 
 Change Mastery 
 Effective performers are adaptable. They embrace needed change and modify their behaviour when appropriate to achieve organizational objectives. They are effective in the face of ambiguity. They understand and use change management techniques to help ensure smooth transitions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
