WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allQA & CSjobs 
 QA Tester 
 No More Robots Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 11, 2021 
 Full Time 
 United Kingdom 
 Remote 
 ** This position has been closed. 
 ** We’re looking to hire a UK-based QA Tester to our team, to help us hunt down nasty bugs in our upcoming and released games. 
 No More Robots has multiple titles and platforms all on the go at the same time, and as such we’re looking for help with testing our games and ridding them of bugs and oddities across a variety of platforms. 
 ‍ 
 What we’re looking for: 
 
 Someone who has an interest in QA for video games 
 A willingness to dig deep into our games and find issues 
 Ability to switch between multiple projects and platforms day-by-day 
 
 ‍ 
 What we’re offering: 
 
 Working from home 
 Getting paid properly 
 Full private healthcare 
 Very pleasant bonuses 
 Being part of a fun team who actually care 
 Having a real say in how No More Robots is run 
 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply: 
 Interested? Email your CV and a little intro about yourself to  jobs@nomorerobots.io , and we’ll get back to you soon! 
 ‍ 
 About No More Robots:  ‍ 
 No More Robots isn’t just another video game publisher. 
 No More Robots is the brainchild of  Mike Rose , the industry veteran who previously took publisher tinyBuild to great heights with titles like Punch Club, Party Hard and Clustertruck. He originally made a name for himself as a video game critic for the likes of Gamasutra, Kotaku and PocketGamer. 
 No More Robots is a data-driven publishing label, utilizing wide-ranging video game sales figures and statistics to pin down exactly what makes games sell. 
 No More Robots is a publishing label run by real people, with real publishing experience. The goal is to work alongside some of the games industry’s greatest talent. 
 ‍ 
 Our Giving Pledge: 
 With each success that No More Robots is lucky to have, it’s incredibly important to us that we share that success with people, organizations and charities that are doing real good in both the games industry, and around the world. 
 That’s why we have made the promise to aim to donate part of No More Robots profits to good causes, and will continue to do so for every penny we make. 
 For a list of charities and organizations that No More Robots has donated to, please visit our  Giving  page. 
 ‍ 
 About Our Games: 
 At the edges of the Galaxy, the Grimheart Gang have driven away every peaceful settler and claimed the whole star system to themselves. Efforts to remove them have been failures, until now. As part of an eclectic group of gunslingers, your job is to bring these criminals to justice, both for their crimes against the galaxy as well as for your own personal vengeance. 
   TombStar  is a top-down space Western shooter with roguelike elements that follows a group of ferocious gunslingers in their quest to bring down the biggest outlaw gang in the Frontier Galaxy and free society from their tyrannical grip. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
   Yes, Your Grace  **** is a kingdom management RPG, where petitioners will arrive in your throne room each turn to ask for your advice and assistance. Decide whether to help them with their problems, or to conserve resources for more important matters. Remember: supplies are limited, and not everyone has the kingdom’s best interests at heart... 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
   Descenders  is extreme downhill mountain biking for the modern era, with procedurally generated worlds, and where mistakes have real consequences. Will you lead your team to glory and become the next legendary Descender? 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 See more of our games at  nomorerobots.io . 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Polyarc is hiring a Principal QA Analystto join their team into work fromSeattle, WAPrincipal QA AnalystPolyarc | Seattle, WALearn More 
 Epic Games Publishing is hiring a QA Managerto join their team into work fromCA, WA, or NCQA ManagerEpic Games Publishing | CA, WA, or NCLearn More 
 Glowmade is hiring a Senior QA Technicianto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomSenior QA TechnicianGlowmade | United KingdomLearn More 
 Massive Miniteam is hiring a QA Testerto join their team into work fromCologne, DEQA TesterMassive Miniteam | Cologne, DELearn More 
 Annapurna Interactive is hiring a Release Managerto join their team into work fromLos AngelesRelease ManagerAnnapurna Interactive | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Monomi Park is hiring a QA Leadto join their team into work fromSan Mateo, CA.QA LeadMonomi Park | San Mateo, CA.Learn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
