Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Child and Youth Care Support Worker (Overnight Awake) 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 20-292 Child and Youth Care Support Worker 
 Overnight Awake Position 
 High Risk Youth Programming 
 Are you looking for a career that can make a difference in the life of a child or family in need? Put your passion for working with children and youth towards a rewarding opportunity with Catholic Social Services as a Child and Youth Care Support Worker! 
 We are looking for one, one year contract, full time, forty (40) hours per week, overnight awake, Child and Youth Care Support Worker to join our dynamic and talented team! 
 This position runs until November 2021 and has a weekly schedule of Tuesday - Saturday. 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 “As a Catholic social services agency, we are guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect.” 
 Program Overview: 
. 
Our high risk programs are residential group programs for high risk youth that have been exposed to substance, physical and mental abuse, sexual exploitation, physical/mental trauma, etc. This program supports youth to reduce their involvement in high risk behaviours using harm reduction principles and practices including circle of courage philosophy, strength based and resiliency focused assessments, which promote empowerment and stabilization. With counselling and support, clients work on developing skills to manage the high risk activities while working on personal goals to be able to transition to a long term residential program. 
 About the Role: 
As a Child and Youth Care Support Worker, you will be responsible for assisting in the implementation and progression of the Client Service Plan program created for each client. This position will assist in the supervision and support of the client while located at the program facility ensuring basic needs are met (food, clothing, shelter, healthcare, safety). The Child and Youth Care Support Worker will maintain a safe, warm and positive environment where children/youth feel welcomed and loved. 
 Other responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Monitoring, supervising, and providing on-site support to children and youth located at the program facility 
Maintaining and adhering to established client service plans for children and youth 
Supporting children and youth through life skills teaching and in-the-moment learning, with a hands-on approach 
Performing routine and scheduled cleaning tasks throughout the facility in accordance with established standards and infection control practices such as, general cleaning and disinfecting, collection of waste and recycling materials, laundry, making beds, dusting, vacuuming, etc. Heavy duty cleaning of walls, ceilings, windows, doors and light fixtures, floors, etc. 
Complying with Health & Safety (OH&S) and Workplace Hazardous Material Information System (WHIMS) and other safety procedures, regulations, and policies. 
Completing scheduled client bed checks and program security checks to ensure client safety responding to concerns in a timely manner. 
Purchasing grocery supplies and preparing meals according to the menu plan. 
Administering medication as required, while monitoring, recognizing, and responding to medical concerns 
Completing and filing required program documentation with established time-frames 
Other duties as required 
 Education and Qualifications: 
A High School Diploma (or equivalent) 
A minimum one (1) to two (2) years experience working with high risk youth exposed to physical/mental trauma and substance abuse is required 
Certification or training in Aboriginal Awareness, Abuse Awareness, Standard First Aid, Medication Administration, and Violence/Crisis Intervention is a definite asset 
 The ideal candidate will have an organized and compassionate approach to the work, strong team work skills, and a commitment to developing positive supporting relationships. Other qualifications include: 
 Proven ability to provide effective communication, collaboration, crisis intervention, and conflict management with clients 
Demonstrated assessment, problem solving, and critical thinking skills 
Knowledge of community resources is an asset 
Experience in industrial cleaning, housekeeping, and meal preparation activities 
Intermediate competency with Microsoft Office and other Agency computer applications 
Demonstrated ability to act with professionalism, confidentiality, and diplomacy 
Physically fit to meet job demands - must be capable of lifting 25-50 pounds on a regular basis 
Valid Driver’s License and reliable vehicle required 
 Police Information Check including vulnerable sector search, Intervention Record Check and/ or summary of driving record with no more than six (6) demerit points are conditions of employment and the financial responsibility of the candidate. 
 Compensation: 
The salary for this position is $18.09 to $20.35 per hour based on qualifications and experience. We offer flexibility and supportive working environment. 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-292. 
 This requisition will remain open until November 11, 2020. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. 
 We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
