Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Developer (Java / C# / .NET) 
 RBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 What is the opportunity? 
 The purpose of this role is to participate in the design and implementation of strategic systems aimed to support the Global Compliance group. The position will be responsible for implementation of those systems including their interfaces with other systems, RBC components and standard RBC infrastructure. 
 What will you do? 
 Design and implement system artifacts:  application code, database schema and code, UI markup, unit tests, deployment scripts, operational support utilities 
Work with Business Analysts, Architects, Development leads to come up with optimal IT solutions for business problems 
Perform design and code reviews and prepare technical documentation 
Design, develop and execute unit test, system, integration and acceptance test 
Work closely with QA team to ensure high quality of the product 
Ensure adequate technical documentation and follow ‘best practices’ within the IT teams 
Work with infrastructure groups in requesting and implementing hardware and software. 
Work with Information Security to review and implement controls and procedures for securely handling data. 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Must-have 
 7+ years of experience with distributed systems development. 
5+ years of experience with Web Application, Web Services development 
Extensive experience in database development using SQL Server 2008-2016 
In depth experience with AngularJS 
In depth experience with Microsoft.NET development using C# 
Experience with server side Java development, preferably including the Spring Framework 
Experience implementing lightweight web services and micro services 
In depth experience with TDD and automated unit testing (JUnit, NUnit, MSTest, etc) 
Good understanding of OOP design principles (Inversion of control, Dependency Injection) and design patterns. 
Web Design experience is an asset (please provide portfolio website links) 
 What’s in it for you? 
 We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. 
 The opportunity to work on projects that have genuine, measurable impact: automating manual processes, re-engineering workflows and making financial analysis and reporting faster and more reliable. 
 A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, and stock where applicable. 
Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities. 
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact. 
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team. 
A world-class training program in financial services. 
 Learn more about RBC Tech Jobs 
 Join our Talent Community 
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you. 
 Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers. 
 JOB SUMMARY 
 City:  Toronto 
 Address:  88 Queens Quay W 
 Work Hours/Week:  37.5 
 Work Environment:  Office 
 Employment Type:  Permanent 
 Career Level:  Experienced Hire/Professional 
 Pay Type:  Salary + Variable Bonus 
 Required Travel(%):  0 
 Exempt/Non-Exempt:  N/A 
 People Manager:  No 
 Application Deadline:  01/01/2020 
 Platform:  Technology and Operations 
 Req ID:  201424 
 Ad Code(s): 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
