Witch on a Bicycle 
 I'm building a car from scratch with zero budget, watch me go insane 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Gigi 
 About Opus 
 Character backstory: The Old Man 
 My life as a standup comedy routine 
 Origin story, but superhero or supervillain? 
 Quill Quester's continuing story 
 Spelling it out: Hit-from-behind and intersection wreck avoidance protocols 
 The Gay Marriage Challenge 
 The Gigi story 
 
   
 Tag Archives: robots can have my job 
 Unmedicated ramblings, list of jobs unlikely to be replaced by robots 
 Posted on  November 19, 2017  |  1 comment 
 I was musing about jobs not likely to be replaced by robots while waiting for the brain to shut down and let me sleep. 
 First off, robots can theoretically do almost any job as good as or better than humans. But I believe that some jobs will still continue to be done by humans because the people paying will want the job done by humans, not because humans will do the job any better physically but because there is an emotional response to the job that many people will seek out. One job that will quickly go by the wayside is boardroom executives, the only people who want humans to do that job are the ones getting paid to do it. Shareholders will want the robots to do it for essentially free. Basically this is a job that doesn't need to exist that will go away in an AI-enabled society. 
 It is my hypothesis that eventually the only jobs that will still exist will be ones that require physical touch on another human being. Doctors will get replaced but I'm betting therapists will continue to exist. There was much ado about sex workers being replaced by robots, which will happen to some extent, but I see that job continuing as a human job because for a lot of people that is where they get actual human interaction with another person. I can totally see some people doing the job because they want to be with other people. The fact that sex bots will be a thing takes a lot of the danger out of the job. Another job that will continue will be massage techs. Robots might be able to do a better technical massage, but there will always be the people who are there because there is another person in the room interacting with them. In fact I foresee jobs for people to just sit and talk to people one-on-one, as a remedy to our impersonal "connected" society. 
 So, with the only jobs being some kind of companionship for short periods of time, where will the money come from to pay them, and to buy all the robot-made merch? If robots are doing all the work, who will have the money to buy things? One suggestion has been Universal Basic Income, based on a tax of roboticized industries so that people can buy the stuff the industries make. Because otherwise when everybody goes AI the economy goes straight in the toilet. And I have no idea what to do about that without UBI, but even the 1% will go broke when everything goes AI. 
 And Martin Truex Jr. just won the first Monster Energy NASCAR Cup. Good for you Martin. 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Daily post ,  rant 
 Tagged  Monster Energy NASCAR Cup ,  robotic overlords ,  robots can have my job 
 A slow day, and the Feed 
 Posted on  April 21, 2015  |  Leave a comment 
 Well there aren't many links in the Feed today, and there wasn't much mail in the box at the end of the walk either, just one piece of junk mail advertising cheap orthodontia (been there, done that, lost my teeth in a car wreck). Aside from that it has been dead today. Now tomorrow is another can of worms. Tomorrow I get to go the Plano Cycle and get the repair parts for Blue, and go to the medical imaging center that is a 2 mile round trip walk from the nearest bus stop to get an MRI of the lump in my neck to find out what is making the rest of my neck sore. That's going to be a lot of walking, both for the bike parts and for the trip for the MRI. That means I will have to get up very early to make the trip to Plano and then walk to the MRI center that afternoon. That means probably carrying or getting my lunch because I'm going to be gone pretty much all day long.  WHEEEE ! 
 Up first is Our Daily Ted.  Morning Links: LAPD cop charged in beating of bike rider, Biking While Black in FL, and Facebook bike drama 
 And a Daily Ted Extra.  Breaking news: Guilty plea in case of fallen OC cyclist Joseph Robinson  This is a sea change in sentencing. In the years I have been doing this blog (since 2006 in all the various service providers) I have seen similar wrecks go from probation or time served to the more than 11 years before eligible for parole of today's link. Some judges are treating killing a cyclist like we were actual human beings… More  O.C. woman admits to killing cyclist while driving high on meth 
 Portland cyclists are feeling used.  Comment of the Week: When ‘bike culture’ bites back  When some pol wants a photo-op to show how environmentally conscious they are they go to someplace with lots of bikes because the infrastructure had been decently kinda good at that location for a few years and cyclists use it, but when it comes time to repair or expand infrastructure there's never any money. Then the get banned from MTB trails that were built by cyclists with their own money and sweat equity. 
 Just how dirty is the air where you have to ride?  Wearable Sensors Will Measure How Much Air Pollution City Cyclists Inhale  One trick is to stay below the level of exertion that requires heavy breathing when you can't avoid riding with cars. Beyond that there are filter masks that make breathing slightly harder and much cleaner. 
 Not your "normal" road hazard.  For the record: Caller said dog bites woman riding bike  There is an annoying invisible ad that pops up when you click around that headline, just warning you. Oh, this is a blotter article, you have to scroll down for the dog bite. 
 A Sidewalk  Salmon  says to ride defensively.  Bike defensively in Anchorage, for your life depends on it  A Sidewalk  Salmon  wants to give advice on riding defensively, but is not going to give up riding  salmon  on the sidewalk. O. . . . K . . . . 
 A little Lifestyle from North of the Border.  Truro resident to cycle Europe in support of veterans  Now if I could just place which province Truro is in… Canadian Geography was so very long ago. 
 Infrastructure  from the Great White North.  Vélo Québec sounds alarm over spate of serious cycling accidents 
 A little UK infrastructure as the heat rises against a city council that vetoed improving an intersection that later killed two cyclists exactly as predicted it would without the improvements.  Westminster Council criticised for "mind boggling" road casualty figures after die in for second cyclist killed on its streets this year  The junction was redesigned for free by experts in the field back in 2013 since construction money was available to do the job, but the money (and the plans) was rejected by the council. So there was no benefit in rejecting the rebuild for anyone except drivers who continued to drive as they did before. 
 Is this what it takes to get a seriously stiff sentence in Jolly Olde?  Hit & run driver who killed Gloucester cyclist jailed for 11 years after last-minute guilty plea  Eleven years when you count the drugs charge that got "stacked" as they say. More  Gloucester man jailed over hit-and-run cyclist death 
 And I'm out of links. There will be an intermission of a sorts tomorrow where I may or may not put up a post. I will be spending all day running around on busses and trains and walking, will probably be in some pain when I get back, possibly severe pain as my lifted shoe will not be ready until Saturday so my back will be hurting after walking almost 4 miles round trip(s). If I don't hurt too bad I will do a post. If you don't read anything that means I went to bed after taking a pain pill 😥 
 Billed @€0.02, Opus the Poet 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Daily Feed 
 Tagged  crap infrastructure ,  Daily Ted ,  dog bite ,  drugged-out drivers ,  drunk driver ,  drunk drivers ,  Drunk drivers must die ,  killer driver ,  killer infrastructure ,  killers get harsh sentences ,  Oh Canada ,  really stupid politicians ,  robots can have my job ,  salmon cyclists ,  stupid stoopid stewpid ,  UK infrastructure 
 I just had a big fight, on Wreck-Free Sunday 
 Posted on  December 21, 2014  |  1 comment 
 Just to get things out in the open, Mrs. the Poet and I had a big fight, over the way my brain processes things now that I have brain damage. 
 The fight was over the way newspapers are placed on the table. I should mention that we subscribe to the paper on Wednesdays and Sundays, with additional papers at the discretion of advertisers. Mrs. the Poet was complaining she hadn't finished reading Saturday's paper when it was put in recycling. I told Mrs. the Poet that I didn't even know we got a paper Saturday because every time I looked all I saw was Wednesday's front page on the top of the pile. Mrs. the Poet said that I should just look through the pile if I wanted to see the current paper. My reply was if I don't know there was a paper delivered that day how am I supposed to know to look through the pile for the new one? I mean for me this just makes common sense, put the newest paper on the top of the pile. There is even names for this, in computer terms it's a LIFO stack, in physical terms it's archeological filing. That way everyone knows when something new comes in because the top of the stack changes. 
 And this is stuff that would give problems to people who don't have brain damage, and I have problems processing that I should deal with new data. I do the blog by following a set pattern of reading new messages in the Feed folder in my e-mail and filtering the links, then do the opening paragraph or sometimes two, then present the links with comments, then sometimes I have a closing paragraph. I have been using this format at least 5 days a week, down from 7, since shortly before this blog moved here in 2008. I had to change this format slightly when I was double-posting the blog to MySpace but after saying good-bye to them in January of 2009 the format and preparation has stayed pretty much the same since then. The only changes made has been dropping Sunday wrecks, then dropping Saturday posts completely after the RPG group moved start time up from 8PM (2000 hours) to gathering and setup at 1 (1300) and game at 2 (1400) which left no time to filter and post. But really I'm not dealing with anything "new" except the links, which aren't "new" except for the information they contain. I do the same thing to the links every day, use the HTML for creating a link, copy and paste the URL in the proper place in the code, create the middle part of the link, then copy/paste the headline as the "title" of the link and close out the link tag. Add some cogent commentary and move to the next paragraph where I make a new link. If a bot could be taught to parse the headline from the code and text, and then make the cogent commentary I could be replaced with a few thousand lines of code, but the current State of the Art for AI hasn't reached that point yet. When it does expect to see a new author for this blog, because I will pack it up and go on a long bike camping trip after I get my neck fixed. 
 And I almost forgot to mention for everyone to have a Happy Yule today. 
 May your days (and tree) be bright! 
 PSA, Opus the unkillable badass Poet 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Wreck-free Sunday post 
 Tagged  Brain damage ,  can't sleep trees will kill me ,  communicating to people about brain damage ,  Fallen trees ,  robots can have my job ,  tree ,  unkillable badass 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,267 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 BicycleLaw the blog 
 BikePortland 
 BikinginLA 
 DFW Point to Point 
 Drunk Cyclist 
 Mad Blog Media 
 mtb law girl 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 hangouts 
 
 A warning to the human race 
 As diseases go Friendship is pretty good 
 Coffee-powered Superhero! 
 Droid for the win 
 Help Desk 
 RBENT 
 Rule of Three 
 Sandra and Woo 
 Something Positive 
 Times Like This 
 User Friendly 
 Wapsi Square 
 Why bloggers will never take over the world 
 Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery 
 Yield To Life 
 
 
 
 Useful places 
 
 A view from the cycle path 
 E-bikes.ca 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,267 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Buy me a Ko-fi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
