
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 Glow-T 
 Have you Glow-Ted Today? 
 ](https://glowtdotcom.wordpress.com/ "Glow-T") 
 
 Home 
 About Glow-T 
 Beauty 
 
 Bath & Body 
 Cheeks 
 Eyes 
 Face 
 Fragrance 
 Hair 
 Lips 
 Nails 
 Skincare 
 
 
 Fashion 
 
 Accessories 
 Bags 
 Clothing 
 Shoes 
 Swimwear 
 
 
 Features 
 
 5 under $50 
 The Breakup 
 The Classics 
 Drugstore Find 
 Holy Grail 
 How To 
 Tried & Tested 
 Weekend Ensemble 
 
 
 Health 
 Shop 
 Links 
 
 Beauty Snob 
 Juggling In Heels 
 Louise Loves It 
 
 
 Contact Glow-T 
 
 Blog Archives 
 Tried & Tested: Josie Maran Argan Hot Oil Self-Heating Hair Treatment 
 Aug 24 
 Posted by  Ashling Moss 
 ✲✲✲ 
 
 Josie Maran's  Argan Hot Oil Self-Heating Hair Treatment  is food for the hair. This innovative hair treatment comes with an advanced self-heating mechanism that allows the miniature argan ampules to warm up under the hot water of your shower or by simply rubbing between the palms of your hands. The oil heats to the ideal temperature to penetrate hair strands and help seal in moisture. 
 Self-heats?  Yes … exactly what I said . 
 Unlike the days of the VO5 Hot Oil Treatments where a scalding cup of water was needed to heat the tube of oil, these self-heat. Simply run one of the ampules under the hot water in your shower or rub vigorously between the palms of your hands, and the oil heats to the perfect temperature. 
 This expert treatment repairs and restores hair in just one minute. Its gentle formula is infused with Maran's signature argan oil, which contains a large amount of vitamin E to reverse damage caused by heat and over-styling, leaving hair smoother, shinier, and healthier. It also contains bergamot, jojoba and soybean oil to restore dull, lackluster hair. 
 Suitable for all hair types and color-treated hair, this is an intense, nourishing treatment. In the shower, I leave the oil in my hair for longer that one minute and sometimes add one ampule to my hair before a day at the beach. It really does a great job of protecting my hair from the sun and saltwater. After the treatment, my hair is noticeably smoother and holds an incredible shine. The individual ampules are great for travel and are resealable, so those with shorter or thinner hair can get 2 or more uses. 
 Rate this: 
 Share Glow-T! 
 
 Reddit 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Beauty ,  Features ,  Hair ,  Tried & Tested 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  all hair types ,  Argan Hot Oil Self-Heating Hair Treatment ,  Argan Oil ,  Bergamot ,  blonde hair ,  breakage ,  color-treated hair ,  cup of water ,  dull hair ,  expert treatment ,  gentle formula ,  hair cuticle ,  hair loss ,  Hair Mask ,  hair strands ,  hair treatment ,  healthier hair ,  heat-styling ,  hot water ,  ideal temperature ,  incredible shine ,  individual ampules ,  intense hair treatment ,  jojoba ,  Josie Maran ,  laskluster hair ,  more uses ,  nourishing hair treatment ,  oil ,  one minute ,  over-worked hair ,  penetrate hair ,  repair split-ends ,  repairs ,  resealable ,  restores ,  reverse damage ,  rubbing between hands ,  saltwater ,  seal in moisture ,  self-heats ,  shinier hair ,  short hair ,  shower ,  smoother hair ,  Soybean Oil ,  sun ,  thick hair ,  thin hair ,  travel ,  tube of oil ,  Vitamin E ,  Vo5 Hot Oil Treatments ,  wear at the beach 
 Holy Grail: Vitality Lip Flush 4-in-1 Anti-Aging Lipstick Stain 
 May 18 
 Posted by  Ashling Moss 
 ✺✺✺ 
 
 An all-in-one phenomenon. Combine your favorite lip balm, lipstick, lip gloss and lip stain and you will have IT Cosmetics  Vitality Lip Flush 4-in-1 Anti-Aging Lipstick Stain. 
 IT Cosmetics by Jackie Kern stands for Innovative Technology Cosmetics. It is created with the help of leading plastic surgeons to infuse medical grade makeup with healing skin loving ingredients with cutting edge technology. 
 Unlike anything I have tried before, this lip product creates the most perfect stained lip. The uber moisturizing formula glides on the lips seamlessly and resembles the feeling of a glossy lip balm. After application, lips are stained with a gorgeous "your lips but better" flush. This product comes in 3 different stains: Je Ne Sais Quoi (  crystal   pink  ), Love Story (  mid-range pink  ) and Pretty Woman (  berry  ). 
 This truly innovative lip product contains IT Cosmetics Hydra-Luxe™ Technology which features plum oil, cherry oil, shea butter, aloe, and jojoba that all work together to treat, hydrate, condition, and nourish your lips. It is also packed with anti-oxidants including acai, green tea, white tea, and vitamins A, C, and E to fight free-radicals and minimize the appearance of lip lines and wrinkles. 
 IT Cosmetics  Vitality Lip Flush 4-in-1 Anti-Aging Lipstick Stain  is added to the Holy Grail list for two reasons: texture and color. It is the lip product I have always been looking but did not know existed. Until now. 
 Rate this: 
 Share Glow-T! 
 
 Reddit 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Beauty ,  Features ,  Holy Grail ,  Lips 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  (berry) ,  (crystal pink) ,  (mid-range pink) ,  acai ,  all-in-one ,  aloe ,  and E ,  anti-oxidants ,  best lip product ,  C ,  cherry oil ,  color ,  condition ,  cutting edge technology ,  drying ,  flush ,  flushed lips ,  formula ,  free radicals ,  glides ,  glossy lip balm ,  green tea ,  healing ,  holy grail ,  hydrate ,  Innovative Technology Cosmetics ,  IT Cosmetics Hydra-Luxe™ Technology ,  IT Cosmetics Vitality Lip Flush 4-in-1 Anti-Aging Lipstick Stain ,  Jackie Kern ,  Je Ne Sais Quoi ,  jojoba ,  lip balm ,  lip gloss ,  lip lines ,  Lip Product ,  Lip Stain ,  lip wrinkles ,  lipstick ,  Love Story ,  medical grade ,  nourish ,  perfect ,  plastic surgeons ,  plum oil ,  Pretty Woman ,  shea butter ,  stained lips ,  stickiness ,  Texture ,  treat ,  uber moisterizing ,  Vitamins A ,  white tea ,  your lips but better 
 
 
 
 
 
 Glow-T Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to Glow-T and receive notifications of new posts via email. 
 Join 586 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Glow-T Archives 
 
 
 Glow-T Archives Select Month November 2013  (1) October 2013  (8) September 2013  (6) August 2013  (5) July 2013  (7) June 2013  (6) May 2013  (7) April 2013  (17) March 2013  (14) February 2013  (15) January 2013  (18) December 2012  (19) November 2012  (15) October 2012  (24) September 2012  (19) August 2012  (22) July 2012  (18) June 2012  (21) May 2012  (21) April 2012  (16) March 2012  (20) February 2012  (17) January 2012  (16) December 2011  (18) November 2011  (24) October 2011  (13) September 2011  (15) August 2011  (24) July 2011  (21) June 2011  (41) May 2011  (51) April 2011  (14) 
 
 
 Search Glow-T 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 How To: Twinkle Tips 
 Five Favorites: SweatPants 
 The Gloss Over: Chanel Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss in Insolence 
 Winter Skin Woes: Kate Somerville IllumiKate CC Cream 
 Genius App: Upinion 
 Anticipation: Isabel Marant pour H&M 
 How-To: Artfully Undone Hair 
 Over-The-Counter Power: Avène Rétrinal + 0.1 Cream 
 Unpredictable: Sass & Bide 
 Everyday Essentials: Must-Have Neutrals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
