Skip to content 
 
  The Do Better Business Blog  
 The Official Blog of Norwich Business School at University of East Anglia 
 Menu 
 
 About Norwich Business School 
 Contact us 
 Visit our website 
 
 NBS 
 The Graduate Job Programme 
 Posted by  ueanbs  on  June 30, 2020June 30, 2020 
 Many of our students find that when they come to study at the  University of East Anglia , they enjoy their student experience and extracurricular life so much that they wish to remain in the region. It is no surprise to us as Norwich is a hidden gem and year in year out it is voted one of the best places to live and 2020 was no exception featuring in the  Sunday Times in March 2020 . 
 This is why we teamed up with local employers to create the  Graduate Job Programme (GJP)  in 2013 to develop stronger links with our alumni and local businesses. The GJP is a unique service offered by  Norwich Business School (NBS)  to our graduating students. It is free to business saving up to £5,000 per placement and we do all the leg work in terms of our selection centre comprising of psychometric testing, team problem solving and initial interviews. This means we supply top quality graduate candidates for our businesses partners to select from. 
 Even in these challenging COVID 19 times, the GJP is running in 2020. We began the process of sourcing job opportunities for our graduating students back in October 2019 with our  launch event  aimed at the business community with Director of Employability  Dr Graham Manville . To showcase the value of GJP we invited a graduate from 2016,  Christopher Drewett , who joined the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital in  2016  and has now risen up the ranks to become a middle manager in four years. 
 Once the graduate roles started rolling in, we ran a panel session during   Employability Week  in November 2019 which featured graduates from the 2018 and 2019 cohorts working in local firms and then in February 2020 we formally launched the session with pizza and networking and this was led by  Darren Johnson  and  Jenny Bach . 
 As the COVID 19 pandemic continues to unfold we switched our assessment centre to an online experience and although some organisations understandably needed to defer their recruitment for this year we were delighted that a number of organisations were still able to recruit for this year. we would like to thank our participating companies for giving our students the opportunity in such unprecedented times. They include  Brewin Dolphin ,  East Coast College ,  James Paget Hospital ,  Neilsen Brandbank ,  Rostrons  and  Great Yarmouth Borough Council . 
 The interviews with the employers are currently underway and should conclude at the end of July and we wish our graduating student candidates the very best and we look forward to maintaining strong links with them long after they graduate. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Pursuing an MSc with Norwich Business School 
 Next Post Strategic Visual Performance Management Research in Hybrid Organisations 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
