
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Flight Club is looking for a Visual Designer (Flight Club) in Los Angeles, CA, USA. 
 About 
 Flight Club is looking for a passionate and detail-oriented Visual Designer to support our design and brand marketing efforts. Responsibilities will include working with the lead Visual Designer to assist with the creation of brand and campaign assets. 
 The ideal candidate is a motivated self-learner, who is passionate about graphic design, knowledgeable of the current sneaker and fashion landscape, deadline-oriented, collaborative and strategic with experience using digital media to create exciting narratives across a variety of channels. 
 We are looking for: 
- 3+ years of brand design experience, with a strong visual design foundation 
- Experience in designing 360 marketing campaigns 
- Motion / 3D experience is preferable 
- An individual who loves typography and views type as being a key design component 
- An individual who understands culture and has knowledge of trends in fashion 
- A quick learner, a self-starter, able to work autonomously, and you're willing (and able) to handle the pressures of an increasing level of responsibility 
- An excellent understanding of how to apply the elements of visual design, such as motion and interaction 
- Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. You can effectively articulate, evangelize and defend your ideas 
- Proven interpersonal skills 
- Highly detailed and diligent with the ability to balance multiple priorities while maintaining clear communication 
- You have a desire to push the boundaries of how a brand is interpreted and understood 
- We encourage you to apply even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement. We look for people who are passionate about what we do, not just those who check off all the boxes. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7744-flight-club-visual-designer-flight-club  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 It's all about the work 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Design, Editorial, Experiential, Fashion, Figma, Social Media Strategy , Technology, Type Design 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Managed By 
 GOAT * 
 Perks 
 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Stock options 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
