Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AE - Stock Associate - Canada 
 American Eagle Outfitters 
 __Thornhill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 BE PART OF SOMETHING REAL 
 YOUR ROLE 
 You can't buy product if it's not on the floor, right?! As a part-time Stock Associate, you're an expert at keeping product moving from the Stockroom to the Salesfloor through shipment processing, replenishment, markdowns and merchandising. You've got a passion for AEO Brand Standards, an eye for merchandising and a keen attention to detail. Even though the Stockroom is #yourplace, you're able to flex your skills to support your team and guests on the Salesfloor as needed. Most importantly, you represent AEO values and you bring your REAL self to work every day! 
 YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 You 've got a passion for brand standards:  You're a go-getter when it comes to keeping product moving and you do so through effective and timely shipment processing, replenishment, markdowns and merchandising. 
The Stockroom is your home base and you #ownit! You're a master at keeping the Stockroom running efficiently and productively by ensuring merchandise, visual props, marketing and fixtures stay organized. 
 You 're innovative:  Whenever you see a merchandising opportunity, you inform store leadership, make a game plan, and take action to correct it. 
 You know that teamwork makes the dream work:  You're always prepared to step in and help fellow team members complete non stock-related tasks or assist with guests. 
 Integrity is your middle name:  Safety standards are a priority to you, both in the Stockroom and on the Salesfloor. You follow Asset Protection standards and always adhere to AEO's policies and procedures. 
 YOU 'D BE GREAT FOR THIS ROLE IF: 
You love AE and Aerie products! 
You love organization and have attention to detail; priority-setting and time management are your strong suits. 
You have flexible availability- you're there to get product moving early in the morning, late in the evening and on the weekends. 
You've worked in a stock-related role previously - #practicemakesperfect. 
 OUR ASSOCIATES LOVE AEO BECAUSE: 
They work with REAL people - there's nothing like your #AEOFamily. 
They're given opportunities for development, the chance to learn new skills, and are offered great potential for career advancement. 
They receive 40% off product at both AE & Aerie year-round (plus additional seasonal discounts with new Floorsets!) 
They participate in store contests for the chance to win FREE merchandise and other exclusive prizes. 
 AEO is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to complying with all federal and provincial equal employment opportunity and human rights laws. AEO prohibits discrimination against associates and applicants for employment because of the individual's race, national or ethnic origin, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, family status, disability, a conviction for which a pardon has been granted or any other ground protected by applicable human rights legislation. This applies to all AEO activities, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, assignment, training, promotion, performance evaluation, discipline and discharge. AEO also provides reasonable accommodation of religion and disability in accordance with applicable law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
