Work With Skender Newton Realty - Cookeville TN Real Estate Jobs 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 Real Estate Jobs 
 
 See Jobs Available Below - Real Estate Careers 
 Skender-Newton Realty isn’t for everyone. We hold ourselves to a higher standard than most. You will be expected to push yourself, to make your mark and to strengthen the values, behaviors and culture that are core to Skender-Newton Realty’s success. Before you apply be sure that Skender-Newton Realty is right for you. 
 We are always looking for A+ talent, but are not currently seeking new hires right now. 
 Skender-Newton Realty 
 Real Estate Sales Agent 
 No experience? No problem! Skender-Newton Realty is looking for the next great person to join their team in the Upper Cumberland area. We'll train you to shine - as it's our job to build a runway for you. You will be hired on culture and trained on skill. Your desire for a BIG life is necessary. Applicants must be willing to work incredibly hard as they assist buyers and sellers through the home buying and home selling process. 
 The Skender-Newton Realty team will take care of much of the daily tasks of a REALTOR - leaving you time to lead generate, be front-facing with clients and maneuvering through negotiations. You'll have exquisite training, massive leverage (including appointments set for you, much of the paperwork removed from your duties and award-winning marketing all done for you) and integration into one of the top places to work in the area. 
 If you like meeting lots of new people, supporting them, being out of the office and never sitting in one place for too long, this is a perfect opportunity for you. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Assist buyers with the showings of homes - all while analyzing the needs and wants of the client and interpreting today's real estate market. 
 Assist sellers with the arduous details and stressful venture of selling a home. Pricing, strategy and negotiation skills are crucial (don't worry - we'll teach you how). 
 Learn all the aspects of real estate and how to take great care of clients on a regular basis. 
 Generate business from your own efforts - including working your sphere of influence, open houses and engagement with your community. 
 Your main job is to grow in relationships between your team and your clients. This is a role revolving 100% around service! 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 NO real estate experience needed 
 Must fit into the Skender-Newton Realty culture 
 Passionate 
 Fun-loving 
 Hard-working 
 Compassionate 
 Personable 
 Resilient 
 Must have a valid driver's license 
 Energetic 
 Intelligent 
 Flexible 
 Ambitious 
 MUST obtain your TN real estate license for employment (we'll show you how) 
 Speed matters 
 Coachability matters 
 
 Compensation 
 $50,000+ commission based 
 About Skender-Newton Realty 
 Skender-Newton Realty is in the business of helping people - we just happen to sell real estate. Skender-Newton Realty is the top team in the Middle Tennessee area and is redefining the way people treat people. The Skender-Newton Realty Team focuses on leveraging each other’s strengths to provide exceptional service while maximizing each team member’s talents. In a company where entrepreneurship and out-of-the-box thinking are the driving factors of our success, we welcome industry leaders who challenge the norms and are looking to take their business to new heights. These are the greatest places on earth to work. The energy is contagious - the people are incredible - and the opportunity for growth is unmatched. 
 (required) 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 Phone Number (required) 
 Skender-Newton Realty |  931-261-9001  |  Contact 
316 E. Broad Street – Cookeville, TN 38501 
Copyright © 2018, All Rights Reserved 
 36.1628°N 85.5016°W 
 Facebook __  Google-plus __  Twitter __  Youtube __ 
 [Privacy Policy](https://www.heathersellshouses.com/-/Home/privacy/) | [DMCA](https://www.heathersellshouses.com/-/Home/dmca/)
 
 © 2018 Upper Cumberland Board of Realtors. All rights reserved. Information deemed to be reliable but not guaranteed. The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes from Upper Cumberland Board of Realtors and the Broker Reciprocity Program.sm. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Skender-Newton Realty are marked with the BR logo and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers. Listing broker has attempted to offer accurate data, but buyers are advised to confirm all items. Information last updated on 2018-08-15. 
 The information provided by the Upper Cumberland Association of Realtors® Corporation is compiled from miscellaneous sources and neither the Upper Cumberland Association of Realtors® Corporation, nor the Listing Broker, nor its Agents or Subagents are responsible for the accuracy of the information. The information provided by the Upper Cumberland Association of Realtors® Corporation is for its Participants, Participants\’ Associates and Subscribers only and is not intended for usage by the public. Under no circumstances should the information contained herein be relied upon by any person in making a decision to purchase any of the described properties. Multi-List users should be advised and should advise prospective purchasers to verify all information in regard to the property by their own independent investigation and, in particular, to verify, if important to them, room sizes, the square footage, lot size, property boundaries, age of structures, school district, flood insurance, zoning, restrictions and easements, fixtures or personal property excluded, and availability of water and sewer prior to submitting an offer to purchase the property 
