Get me outta here! 
 The Freelance Writer Guide 
 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Site Reviews 
 
 Links to Websites 
 Scams 
 
 
 The Guide 
 Writing Tools 
 
 Avoiding Craigslist Scams: Freelance Writing Jobs on Craigslist 
 March 24, 2013  by  ThatWordChick 
 With MediaPiston shutting its doors for good and other content mills scarce on work, a lot of freelancers have hit the digital bricks in search of more sources of work. Craigslist, long a standby for those in search of day labor, clerical work, and other service industry jobs, is an obvious stop in the freelance job process. This nationwide classified ads site is divided into towns and metro areas by state, and offers up everything from old couches to questionable companions to free kittens. That disparity should automatically put searching freelancers on notice for scams, but unfortunately it doesn’t seem to – they keep popping up, which means they’re still getting victims. 
 Here is a little guidance for anyone searching for freelance jobs on craigslist. 
 1.)  Google it! 
 Snag a sentence or two from the middle of the post and toss it in Google, using “ “ type quotes around it. This tells Google to only return searches that use that exact phrase, and it will instantly tell you if that craigslist poster is putting up identical posts across multiple states and cities. If the same post shows up in a rural craigslist and a metro craigslist that are right beside each other, this probably isn’t cause for concern – so long as they’re in the same state. If a Pennsylvania craigslist ad shows up under the Chicago listings? Skip it – it’s more than likely a scam. 
 2.)   If the post passes the Google test, take a long look at it. 
 
 Is there an affiliate link in it? Affiliate links will usually show up as a few numbers or letters after the usual web address, such as Awebsite.com/afflink/12345. While this isn’t  always  an immediate full stop, it’s a hell of a red flag. 
 Does the text appear as an image instead of typed words? Meaning, can you highlight the text by clicking and dragging your mouse over it? If the answer is no, skip it – this is a scam that’s trying to get by filters and astute Googlers by using an image that isn’t “read” by Google’s robots. 
 Does it give very little information, instead using very strong “salesy” language to get you to go to a scammy-looking site, watch a video, or download a program? Walk on by – they’re up to something! 
 Does it use phrases like “potential to make” , “make as much as”, “work from home”, “opportunity”, or “paid training”? Does the  text or phrasing sound foreign ? These are key tip-offs that something is amiss.  Remember: a real, legitimate job will not make you buy start up kits or uniforms, encourage you to sell to friends and family, demand information for a “credit check” (this is actually illegal!) nor make you pay for your own “background check.” 
 
 3.)  If you decide to check out a post by emailing it, hit Google again when you hear back from the poster . 
 Google the names, company names, and even phone numbers of the person you’re corresponding with. (Keep a notebook nearby during phone interviews for this purpose) Do not give out any personal information such as a phone number, email address, and especially your physical address or social security number until you have verified the company is 100% legitimate. The only place you should ever reveal this information is on a W-9 IRS form, and even then you should be very cautious about who you surrender it to. 
 If you find a scam, feel free to report it to Craigslist directly by “flagging” the post, and  drop a comment on our SCAM page here on the Freelance Writers Guide . You’ll be protecting fellow freelancers from falling prey to these slimy faux clients. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Uncategorized   3 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- Freelance Writer Guide Forums - Come Visit! 
 Changing Your Pitch: Writing Tone -> 
 3 thoughts on "Avoiding Craigslist Scams: Freelance Writing Jobs on Craigslist" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Avoiding Craigslist Scams: Freelance Writing Jobs on Craigslist … | Writing Jobs From Home 
 
 
 Pingback:  Help! I Can't Write and I'm Still Broke! | The Freelance Writer Guide 
 
 
 Pingback:  Well That's a New One: The Facebook Social Media Manager Scam | The Freelance Writer Guide 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 ~ Read the Guide ~ 
 
 Client Management Tips 
 Freelance Writer Guide Chapters 
 Freelance Writing Advice 
 Uncategorized 
 Writing Site Reviews 
 
 Search 
 Follow The Freelance Writer Guide 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 802 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 Click Here for Freelance Opportunities & Application URLs! 
 Has FWG Helped You? Donate Here! 
 
 
 AWESOME biz card printer. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Using Google Alerts to Protect Your Written Work 
 Well That's a New One: The Facebook Social Media Manager Scam 
 The Latest on Zerys…Again. 
 Quickstart Freelancing Guide 
 Freelance Superpowers: Scam Spotting 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 December 2017 
 July 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 February 2016 
 May 2015 
 March 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 May 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
