New York Criminal Law and Procedure 
 A blog for the bench and bar 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About the Authors 
 Resources 
 
   
 <- Gift Cards 
 Prior version of NYC Parade Permit Law held unconstitutional -> 
 Off Topic: Job Announcement for St. John's Professor 
 Posted on  January 5, 2010  by  Larry Cunningham  |  Leave a comment 
 Although this is not on-topic to the blog, I thought readers would appreciate learning that St. John's University School of Law is looking to hire a legal writing professor for the 2010-11 academic year. The announcement follows. Please forward to anyone who might be interested. 
 
 St. John's University School of Law has a full-time position available for an Assistant Professor of Legal Writing, which will commence in August 2010. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION: 
 Starting Assistant Professors of Legal Writing are afforded renewable one-year contracts for three years, to be voted upon by the Faculty Council and Dean. Upon successful peer and student evaluations, as well as any other pertinent considerations (scholarship and service are considered but not required), a three-year renewable contract may be offered by the Faculty Council and the Dean. Upon completion of a three-year contract, a Legal Writing Professor may be eligible for a renewable seven-year contract. 
 The school anticipates that the starting annual academic year base salary for the position will be in the range of $80,000 to $85,000. 
 In the fall, writing professors teach Legal Analysis and Writing, a two-credit course. The responsibilities of the writing professors include creating and critiquing writing assignments emphasizing case law analysis, 
statutory interpretation, and basic writing skills. 
 In the spring, writing professors teach Legal Analysis, Writing and Research, a two-credit course. The responsibilities include teaching legal research, memoranda writing, appellate brief writing, and oral argument. 
 Summer research stipends may be available as well as some conference travel or other professional development funds. 
 JOB QUALIFICATIONS: 
 St. John's seeks individuals with strong interest and competencies in teaching legal research and writing. Candidates should have excellent academic records (including a J.D. or its equivalent). Teaching experience, scholarship, and practice experience as a lawyer would be viewed favorably. 
 APPLICATION PROCEDURE: 
 Applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, the names of three references, writing sample and teaching evaluations (if available) to: 
 Professor Robert A. Ruescher 
Coordinator, Legal Writing Program 
St. John's University School of Law 
8000 Utopia Parkway 
Jamaica, NY 11439 
 Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
 St. John's University School of Law is part of St. John's University, a Catholic and Vincentian institution of higher education committed to academic excellence and the pursuit of wisdom and truth. As an Equal 
Opportunity Employer, St. John's encourages applications from women and minorities. The University is located in the New York metropolitan area and is accessible by highways and public transportation to NYC. 
 FURTHER INFORMATION: 
 Position type: The position may lead to successive long-term contracts of five or more years. 
 Faculty Vote: The person hired will be permitted to vote in faculty meetings. 
 Salary: The school anticipates paying an annual academic year base salary in the range of $80,000 to $85000. (A base salary does NOT include stipends for coaching moot court teams, teaching other courses, or teaching in summer school; nor does a base salary include conference travel or other 
professional development funds.) 
 Students Per Semester: The person hired will teach legal writing each semester to a total number of students in the range of 36 to 45. 
 Submission Deadline: Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  St. John's . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Gift Cards 
 Prior version of NYC Parade Permit Law held unconstitutional -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Editor & Author 
 
 
 Larry Cunningham 
Associate Dean for Assessment and Institutional Effectiveness 
Professor of Legal Writing 
Director,  Center for Trial and Appellate Advocacy 
 St. John's University School of Law 
 Profile 
 Twitter 
 E-Mail 
 
 
 Contributing Authors 
 
 
 **  Fellows of the St. John's Center for Trial and Appellate Advocacy ** 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Update 
 SCI Plea Not Allowed When Initial, Top Charge is a Class A Felony 
 Short, But Helpful, Opinion on Serious Physical Injury 
 People Successfully Defend Police Contact Under Level One of DeBour; Court Suppresses Under Higher Level 
 Who Was the First Initial Deadly Aggressor? 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Advice   App. Div. 1st Dept.   App. Div. 2d Dept.   App. Div. 3d Dept.   App. Div. 4th Dept.   App. Term 1st Dept.   App. Term 2d Dept.   Appellate Procedure   Blog News   Case Summaries   Civil Law   Collateral Relief   Commentaries   Constitutional Law   Criminal Procedure Law   Ethics   Evidence   Juries   Mental Illness   N.Y. Court of Appeals   New Decisions   New Legislation   News   Penal Law   Second Circuit   St. John's   Suppression   Trial Courts   Uncategorized   Vehicle and Traffic Law 
 
 
 Follow the Blog Via RSS 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 CrimProf Blog 
 Faculty Lounge 
 Habeas Corpus Blog 
 New York Appellate Law 
 New York Court Watcher 
 New York Criminal Defense Attorney 
 New York Criminal Law Defense 
 SCOTUSBlog 
 Second Circuit Blog 
 Sentencing Law and Policy 
 
 
 
 Copyright 
 
 
 This blog is Copyright © 2018 Larry Cunningham. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 Contact Information 
 
 
 Larry Cunningham 
Associate Dean for Assessment and Institutional Effectiveness 
Professor of Legal Writing 
Director, Center for Trial and Appellate Advocacy 
St. John's University School of Law 
8000 Utopia Parkway 
Queens, New York 11439 
 larry.cunningham@stjohns.edu 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
