Teach Taught Taught 
 A blog about learning English 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 IELTS 
 English courses 
 Teaching Ideas 
 Get in touch! 
 
 Tag Archives: looking for a job 
 0 
 Looking for a job - on the phone scenario 1 
 October 25, 2013  |  Deb 
 Lots of my students come to my lessons to improve their English so as to be able to get a job. What they often tell me is that they struggle especially when having to talk on the phone. 
 So this is the first of a series of posts that hopefully should help you feel more at ease during a phone conversation. 
 This is the scenario I'd like to present to you today: you saw an  ad  for a  vacancy  you might be interested in on a website or in a newspaper and you want to phone the advertiser to enquire about the  position . You dial the number in the ad, someone  picks up  the phone and say something you don't understand. You panic and  hang up !! 
 How to avoid this? Read this post and find out! 
 STEP 1 
 The person you're about to phone will probably say something along the lines of  " Hi, Mary speaking, how can I help you?" 
 Here some possible answers: 
 " Hi, this is Soraya and I'd like to enquire about a vacancy advertised on the Guardian website." 
 " Hi, I was calling to ask for more information about a position your company is advertising in the Daily Mail." 
 STEP 2 
 Scenario 1.1:  the person is just a receptionist and doesn't know about this vacancy (she could say something like  " I'm afraid I can't help you as I don't deal with  applicants  " ) >> Don't let this person put you off, say something!! For example.. 
 " Okay, I see..Could I speak to the person  in charge of  the  application process ?" 
 and hopefully the receptionist will say _ "Okay, hold on please and I'll put you through" _(now they'll put you on hold and you'll probably have to listen to some annoying jingle) 
 eventually someone will pick up your call and say  " Hi, this is Beth, how can I help you?" 
 and you say  " Hi, this is Guido, I was calling to ask more information about one of your vacancies". 
 
 
 go to STEP 3 
 
 
 Scenario 1.2  : the company you're calling is quite small and the person you're talking to says: 
 " Yeah sure, could I first ask you which position you're applying for as we have a few vacancies at the moment" 
 and you say  " I'm applying for the position of account manager" >> go to STEP 3 
 STEP 3 
 Now this is the right time to ask for more information. Avoid direct questions (which sometimes sound rude, especially in British English), instead start your sentences by using expressions like "I was wondering whether.." , "Could you please tell me…", "Could I ask you..". 
 " I was wondering whether…..there is a deadline for applying" 
 " Could you please tell me/Could I ask you…..how many positions you are offering? 
_ …. how I can apply?_ 
_ …. a bit more about the selection process?_ 
_ …who I should send my application form to?_ 
_ …when interviews are being held?"_ 
 Notice that with indirect questions you don't need to invert the subject and the verb. For example: 
 Could you tell me where  is your office? 
 Could you tell me where your office is? 
 STEP 4 
 Don't overload the speaker with many questions, just ask the ones that are important to you and remember to show appreciation for their help. Say something like  " Sorry for keeping you so long, you've been very useful. Thank you and have nice day". 
 Last but not least: don't be afraid to ask someone to repeat if you didn't understand what they said. Here some sentences you might want to use: 
 " Could you please repeat the last thing you said? I didn't catch it" 
_" I'm sorry but reception is very bad, would you mind repeating that for me?" >> _this is a good one as you can blame it on your phone reception (for those who don't like to show they haven't understood) 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 Pocket 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Intermediate   Vocabulary   looking for a job phone language 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Keep me posted! 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Cute verbs 
 Teaching vocabulary using scales (lesson plan) 
 Tips on how to improve your English 
 How to talk about what you like and dislike 
 Do not translate, please! 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 July 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 May 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Advanced 
 Beginner 
 Grammar 
 Intermediate 
 Pronunciation 
 Uncategorized 
 Vocabulary 
 
 Tags 
 adjectives   advanced   adverbs   ask for directions   bad & badly   break up   British pronunciation   Business English   common mistakes   compound adjectives   dictionary   dislike   do   dump someone   esl mistakes   ever   feelings   food   future   future perfect   gerund   get   glottal stop   going to   hard   hardly   hardly ever   I could do with   idioms   I do like it   if   if only   informal english   ish   i wish   job interview   learn new words   like   London   looking for a job   make requests   minimal pairs   natural english   newborn   parenting   past perfect   past simple   past tenses   phone language   Phrasal verbs   piss   point   prepositions   present continous   present perfect   pronunciation   pronunciation rules   questions   Received Pronunciation   renting   schwa   sevenish   silent r   slang   split up   suffixes   tenses   that will do   UK slang   unlikely event   vocabulary   well   whether   will   would rather 
 Follow Teach Taught Taught on WordPress.com 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
