Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Guest Attendant (Memory Living) 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Guest Attendant is dedicated to working with individuals with dementia or Alzheimer’s disease in our Memory Living Neighborhood. This role is intensive with a substantial component of the job involving resident interaction. While the Guest Attendant partners with assigned residents in performing the activities of daily living, they are also responsible to know and interact with all residents, and are empowered to identify any unmet resident needs and participate in the development of a plan of action/solution. With an emphasis on the relationship (making the interactions with the person and their families more important than the task to be completed), this role requires flexibility and spontaneity in order to respond to the changing needs of residents. 
 The responsibilities of this position include but are not limited to: 
 Meets/greets residents daily, building relationships and making interactions with the residents and their families more important than the task to be completed; 
Engages and builds meaningful relationships with assigned residents, getting to know their unique personalities and preferences; 
Partners with residents and works with them to complete all activities of daily living; 
Meets with assigned residents at the beginning of each shift to observe their condition; Observes resident’s condition throughout the shift by observing their grooming, change in habit/routine, change in participation patterns, room out of order, difference in mood or affect. Notifies Memory Living Manager of identified concerns; 
Responds to resident or family member concerns and ensures that appropriate action is taken within decision-making authority and/or brings to the attention of the Memory Living Manager; 
Provides comfort, a sense of belonging and a feeling of safety and emotional security; 
Actively participates in “team huddles” at the beginning of each shift. Exchanges information with respect to any identified changes in the condition of residents; 
Reviews resident’s Life History and Personal Care Plan on a regular basis and partners with the residents to assist them (where necessary) with activities of daily living as per the Person Centered Care Plan, as well as, related life skills activities. This includes activities such as making the bed, dusting, straightening up, setting tables, doing the dishes, reading the newspaper, watching a television show, going for a walk, doing a puzzle, listening to the radio, washing/folding laundry or shopping (tuck shop); 
Participates in food preparation, dining room service, bussing and dishwashing services in accordance with established work routines, collects linen laundry (and personal laundry if required); 
Administers medications in accordance with Chartwell and Neighborhood policies and procedures; 
Ensures all Neighborhood areas (both resident and common areas) are maintained in a clean and safe manner, including cleaning suites, kitchenettes and bathrooms/washrooms; 
Cleans housekeeping cart and restocks supplies as needed; 
Completes required documentation (may include Daily Log, Progress Notes, Flow Sheet, Continence Program, Responsive Behavior Debrief, Equipment Cleaning Log). 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
A warm personality with demonstrated empathy and understanding of the needs of individuals with Alzheimer’s disease; 
Effective interpersonal relationship and conflict resolution skills; 
Completed Secondary School or equivalent and a Post-Secondary education in related care fields of Personal Support Worker, Health Care Aide, or DSW is preferred; 
Ability to prioritize time with residents and work in a flexible environment that focuses on the resident (not the task); 
Must be able to operate related equipment (e.g. Arjo Spa Tub); 
Ability to respond to emergency situations (as per Chartwell policies and procedures); 
Initiative and judgment in recognizing symptoms indicative of a person’s change in routine behavior; 
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team to find solutions; 
Previous experience working with individuals with Dementia, Alzheimer’s Disease and providing personal care to a senior population. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
