  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Freelance Jobs from Singapore 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers from  Singapore 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/freelancers/singapore) 
 4 months ago 
 Seo/Sem Freelancer 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 9 
 Require an expert freelancer who is well trained in seo/sem. 
 - Keywords (Research & analysis) 
- Google page 1 
- On-page SEO 
- Off-page SEO 
- Content optimization 
- Conversion optimization 
- Monthly ranking report 
- Monthly review 
- Google Singapore (Web & Mobile) 
- Yahoo / Bing Singapore 
- Google my business optimization 
- Digital marketing expert 
- Google search specialist & rater 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Other (Other APIs), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Published by:  S. Last reply: 3 months ago  Singapore 
 USD 250 - 500 
 4 months ago 
 Senior Backend Developer website - long term project 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 24 
 We are looking for a Senior Backend Developer with a desire to work/collaborate in an International Apps directory that creates a platform to suggest and recommend Apps in a multi-language platform. 
 You will be a core member of a dynamic team and have a huge impact on the Company. Also being able to work collaboratively with the team members. 
 If you love creating great software, enjoy challenges and want to be a part of an international project, this role is for you. 
 Responsibilities 
Develop and improve the current web application. 
Develop with the latest technologies and improvements from the backend´s  point of view 
Upgraded .- Migrate Symfony version (current one is 1.4 and we want to move to latest one) 
develop api-rest 
improve queries performance of the current site 
implement ddd & tdd in current platform 
 requirements 
 5 years experience in web development. 
Excellent back-end development knowledge (Web architecture / PHP 7 / 
Symfony / MySQL / AMP / Solr Memcache / Redis / mvc frameworks / rest api 
/ ...) 
Good front-end development knowledge (CSS3 / HTML5 / JavaScript / CSS b 
bootstrap / Responsive design)* Good Linux/Unix knowledge. 
Ability to work both autonomously & within a team. 
Fluency in English or Spanish will be a plus. 
 We expect proactivity to find and solve problems in our product and solve. 
Scrapping experience PHP will be plus 
 What We Offer 
Work from home, with flexible working schedules 
Project Location: Remote 
Long term agreement 
Start date: As soon as possible 
Language requirements: English, Spanish will be a plus 
 answer the following questions when submitting a proposal: 
What part of this project most appeals to you? 
Which of the required job skills do you feel you are strongest at? 
How many hours are you online working as a freelance per day ? 
How many hours are you online ? 
Do you have experience to upgrade / migrate symfony ? from version to version ? 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  J. C. Singapore 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 4 months ago 
 Hiring Odoo developers on hourly basis 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We are looking for long term Odoo developers to work on multiple projects, tasks include module creation, bug fixing, and deployment. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  G. W. Singapore 
 USD 250 - 500 
 4 months ago 
 Virtual reality for aircraft cockpit instrument checks 
 Published: 4 months ago  Deadline: 99 Bids: 2 
 Create a Virtual reality environment for the user to experience and trained before steeping into the real aircraft cockpit. 
 Small size single pilot plane. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Published by:  B. L. Last reply: 4 months ago  Singapore 
 Over USD 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Need help to collect data from cnc machine 
 Published: 4 months ago  Deadline: 8 Bids: 1 
 Need to collect data from NTX1000 cnc machine. And push it to kepware. Data types like, program numbers, specific usage time, machine status 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Data Science 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. Singapore 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 months ago 
 Graphics designer for children's worksheets 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 4 
 We are an enrichment centre looking for someone to create professional looking bilingual Chinese and English worksheets. You will need to know how to read Chinese. Our team will provide the content and the layout in draft format, but need someone to design graphics and make it look professional. 
 We have templates already created. 
 This can be done remotely from home. 
 Adobe and Illustrator is a must 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Banners 
 What do you need?  : Create banners from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. X. Singapore 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 months ago 
 React Native developer 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 2 
 Hiring for react native developer. 
Experience in API design and development 
- Design SQL or NoSQL databases as per the requirement of projects with scalability and optimisation of resources. 
- Intermediate to expert level of CSS3, HTML5, JS 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  N. A. Last reply: 4 months ago  Singapore 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
