  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Project Manager 
 at Aridhia Informatics Ltd 
 go back to Data and Product Jobs 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Project Manager (Remote UK) 
 If you are a talented and people-oriented Project Manager, with the ability to lead delivery on external and internal projects, then this could be the ideal role for you! 
 As a key member of the Aridhia team you will work externally with clients and internally within the business to define objectives of projects. Including scope, timelines and deliverables and provide effective leadership of the project team to deliver against the project plan successfully. (Projects may be Agile, Waterfall or of a hybrid approach) 
 Working with Aridhia is about more than just a job, it is a chance to make a real difference to the world. Our customers are conducting important research into diseases including Alzheimer's, Cancer and Covid-19 and you will be supporting them. 
 What 's in it to for you? 
 In addition to a competitive remuneration package, we offer the following benefits: 
 
 35 days annual holiday entitlement, inclusive of three public holidays 
 Private healthcare for employees and their families 
 Death in Service scheme 
 Generous Company Pension scheme 
 Cycle to Work scheme 
 Enhanced Maternity, Paternity and Sick pay benefits 
 Learning and Development opportunities 
 Individually tailored induction and personal development plans  . 
 
 What you 'll be doing... 
 
 Working with clients from early stages of implementation, with successful transition from pilot through to deployment and scale out phases of a DRE implementation. You will also manage the long-term relationship with the client. 
 Collaboration with Aridhia's departments (Enablement, Product, Delivery, Information Governance etc.) and creation of effective project teams 
 Producing detailed project plans including planned revenue, costs, and margin profile by month for the duration of the project and monitor achievement against this 
 Resourcing - where required, providing justification to pull in additional resources from other teams - negotiating and agree priorities with colleagues and the management team 
 Provision of agreed regular reporting/MI on progress against deliverables, both internally to the management team, and externally to clients 
 Identifying and proactively managing risks and issues. 
 Stakeholder relationship management/liaison (customers, partners, and suppliers) 
 Some travel to client premises will be required 
 Ensuring smooth handover of responsibility of customer projects in later stages to the support team and transition to routine/operational structure 
 Work within the agreed internal project methodology. 
 
 What you 'll bring…. 
 Essential: 
 
 Well-developed and effective Project Management skills which focus on project delivery 
 Commercial awareness 
 Ability to grasp a technical understanding of Aridhia offerings and product architecture 
 Excellent communication skills and the ability to build effective relationships and get the job done 
 Excellent client-facing skills including delivering presentations, interpreting requirements, and articulating proposed solutions 
 Innovative and results-driven approach 
 Demonstrable experience of the software development lifecycle, ideally using Agile methodology 
 Experience in one or more of cloud technology, web security and data science software methods and tools. 
 
 Desirable Qualifications/Skills: 
 
 Identify potential upsell opportunities 
 Experience in the clinical research industry or academia 
 Technical awareness of cloud technologies, SaaS/PaaS and data analytics 
 Awareness and understanding of the healthcare domain 
 Formal project management qualification(s) 
 
 About Aridhia 
 Aridhia enables clinical and life sciences users to use Cloud services to collaborate, investigate and develop innovative therapies, diagnostics, and care pathways for a range of medical conditions. We do this through Software and Platform as a Service, giving self-service access to secure workspaces for data management, de-identification, statistics and machine learning, cloud computing and interactive visualisation. In this way, a growing number of research hospitals, universities and pharmaceutical companies can ensure confidentiality, compliance, and ethical use of patient data. 
 Our Aridhia Digital Research Environment (DRE) is built on leading technologies and this role offers the exciting opportunity to join an inclusive, talented and dedicated top-flight technical team and to develop and enhance your experience and skills whilst contributing to the delivery of our roadmap and key strategic projects. 
 We follow an agile working method with daily team stand-ups, progress boards, and sprints to keep people informed and involved as projects evolve, and to share knowledge across teams. Aridhia is entrepreneurial and ground-breaking. We are creating a market and growing a business; it's probably unlike anything you've done before! 
 Please note all successful candidates will be required to achieve a Basic Disclosure Scotland Certificate. 
 Published at 7 Jan 2021 - Expires on 7 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Aridhia Informatics Ltd 
 fulltime  Technical Solutions Consultant  at Aridhia Informatics Ltd in Edinburgh 
 __07-01-2021 
 fulltime  Software Developer  at Aridhia Informatics Ltd in Edinburgh 
 __07-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
