Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dietary Aide 
 Responsive Group 
 __L 'orignal, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Title:  Dietary Aide 
 Reporting to:  Food Service Supervisor 
 Hours:  Part Time 
 Location:  Champlain Long Term Care Residence 
 Are you an individual that has a passion for making a difference? 
 At Champlain Long Term Care Residence we are passionate about ‘Making Every Moment Matter.” We are seeking a candidate that shares our values - a person who has a passion to make a difference, who has a strong moral compass and has a commitment to teamwork. 
 At Champlain Long Term Care Residence, we are passionate about providing compassionate care for families loved ones, where the residents of our home come before anything else. Our values at Champlain follow a ‘People’ focused Philosophy, Participation Excellence Openness Performance Longevity Efficient Use of Resources. This philosophy can be seen in every aspect and level of our home. 
Since our home was established we have offered a community within a community that people were happy to call ‘home’. We pride ourselves in this community connection, our philosophies and the feeling of comfort that can be felt as soon as the door is open. 
 A day in the role of a Dietary Aide at Champlain Long Term Care Residence 
 As a dietary aide at Champlain Long Term Care Residence you will be responsible for the preparation of the meals directed by the cook for individual residents. This is not your typical dietary aide role, because as our dietary aide you would be working toward making a difference with the rest of the organization in each and every resident's life. Other responsibilities are, but not limited to: 
 Nourishment preparation and delivery to residential areas, 
Delivering food carts and their return to the kitchen, 
Collection, cleaning, and storage of dishes from all areas, 
To set up serveries in residential areas, 
Plating resident meals according to meal service notes, 
Ensuring adequate basic supplies in the servery area, 
Reference- Long Term Care Act # 71-7 (The licensee shall ensure that food and beverages that are appropriate for the residents’ diets are accessible to staff and available to residents on a 24-hour basis), 
Assist PSW’s and monitor the resident intake of foods and fluids at meals, as required, 
Assists in the training and supporting new staff during the orientation period, 
Completion of specific cleaning assignments and collection of garbage, 
Perform other duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications 
 At Champlain Long Term Care Residence we take pride in our employees, so your qualifications are important to us. We use them to get to know you and see if we are a good fit for each other. The qualifications needed to join our family at Champlain are as follows: 
 A positive mindset and share our values, 
Must have demonstrated sound skills and knowledge of providing person-centered care in accordance with established standards, policies and procedures of the MOHLTC and the home, 
Knowledgeable of the Residents’ Bill of Rights and respects and promotes these rights, 
Effective customer service skills and a demonstrated commitment to working with seniors are required, 
Basic computer skills are a must, 
Demonstrated commitment to learning and continuous improvement, 
Candidates that have the ability to effectively communicate both verbally and written in French & English will be given preference if the qualifications are equal, 
Must have a clear vulnerable sector screen, no older than 6 months, TB test results less than 6 month, evidence of flu shot, must be able to provide three work references. 
 How to apply? 
 Please submit a resume, cover letter, and references to through the employment site. We look forward to speaking with you, and making every moment count!Our organization takes the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities into account during the position summary review process. Employees are required to notify their director manager/supervisor if they have any particular accessibility needs and the organization will work with the employee to address them. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
