  
 nicholegrimshaw 
 fun, loving, new start, law of attraction, 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Are you a Control Freak and How to Recognize One! 
 On the Defense and What to Do? -> 
 Things You can Learn about Buisness or your Career from a 4 year old 
 Posted on  September 25, 2013  by   Nichole Grimshaw 
 0 
 
 Just the other night I was babysitting my little niece. Over the course of the evening she was talking about all of the things she wanted to do. She would tell me how she is going to be a princess and her and her "horse are going to live in a big castle. Now obviously most of us do not grow up to become royalty (unless were Kate Middleton) but over our childhoods we learn skills and are told each and every day to be realistic. Children Like my niece are fearless and free to dream at the age of 4. If we were encouraged to dream our entire lives imagine who we would become. I myself would not have gotten a practical degree in which i did not really want and waste many years of my life sitting behind a desk not enjoying one bit of my life. 
 First of all Begin to dream again each and every day. visualize and write down what your life would be like in your ideal world. Remember back when you were a kid and why if you were like me you wanted to be a Pirate or a Firefighter. Begin to dream of a whole new wold even if it is something that reality could never sustain. This will help to increase your capacity for thinking outside the box and give you that same enjoyment a child would have when they are playing make believe. 
 Next, start to compile a list of things you really like to do and do them more often. Life is about having fun and enjoying the people and culture we have all around us. There is an old saying that if you love what you do for work then you never worked a day in your life. This is very true because you would have choose to do these things anyway. for example,the love of my life loves to hunt and fish ( what men don't!) He is going to be using this love to create his own business so he can spend every day doing just that. Or how about my friend Christina who loves children she decided to become a social worker and create a place that's helps children in need gain better resources. There are many ways we can be happier with what we do ; but, we need to know what we love first. 
 
 Last, I challenge all people to go out and learn what it means to be truly fearless and brave. worrying about what might happen leads us to that exact sequence of events and yet if we simply go for it we almost always arrive at our destination safely. If a better life is what you seek be like my niece was with her first horse back riding lesson. If a 4 year old girl can walk right up to an animal 20 times her size pet him and without even a flinch jump on his back because she wants to be a princess with a horse I am sure you can start enjoying your life and taking the steps to making your self happy! 
 written by Nichole Grimshaw 
 want more subscribe at-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/     
 twitter  wahsmirgelohcin  
 Also Check out Some similar Posts- 
 Indispensable Leadership Qualities-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/2013/06/indespensable-leadership-qualities.html  
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 |  Tagged  buisness ,  career ,  children ,  dreams ,  happiness ,  help ,  law of attraction ,  love ,  success 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Are you a Control Freak and How to Recognize One! 
 On the Defense and What to Do? -> 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Effort vs. Consistency 
 Did They Really Change? 
 Are you Ignoring the Signs? 
 Why is Finding Love so Hard 
 Pay It Forward… Thank You! 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 May to Today……  on  Why is Finding Love so Ha… 
 
 
 
 
 Glen Roberts on  What is Christ Consciousn… 
 
 
 
 
 kaycers  on  Dreams what do they really tel… 
 
 
 
 Nichole Grimshaw  on  Are We Tested? 
 
 
 
 NoemiFairy  on  Are We Tested? 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 No upcoming events 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 84 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Happinessecrets 
 Seeing the life differently! 
 joyful cacophony 
 Welcome to our online community of creativity, healing and self-exploration! This is a place to tell our stories with the intention to learn from one another. Please read and share your thoughts freely! 
 JimmyDulinEN 
 Three Wise Guys 
 Best not to think about it 
 pressedwordsat.wordpress.com/ 
 Gotta Find a Home 
 James J Need 
 Writer & Mind Coach 
 Hart Helps 
 explore ways to win the wars waged within the mind 
 NoemiFairy 
 Sharing inspiring positive thoughts and spiritual insights 
 My Blog 
 This WordPress.com site is the bee's knees 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
