Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Content & Social Media Coordinator 
 Worksite Safety 
 __Dundas, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We want to help workers stay safe, and help employers make it happen. We believe that work life should be enjoyable, and that creating a safe workplace should be enjoyable too. 
 The purpose of the Content & Social Media Coordinator role is to provide value and solve problems through developing educational content and through meaningful interactions on social media. 
 As our Content & Social Media Coordinator, you will be the voice of Worksite Safety. The content that you develop is not only engaging, but also in line with Worksite’s image and objectives. Whether it be interacting with individuals or businesses on social media, writing compelling product descriptions, or simply providing answers to common questions through articles or resources (with the help of our subject matter experts), you are always striving to be surprisingly helpful with the content that you create. The content that you build and share serves as an introduction to Worksite’s brand, and sets the tone for what is to be expected when a customer interacts with us. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Develop relevant content topics to reach the company’s target customers. 
Work with internal subject matter experts when necessary to source content. 
Work with marketing team to develop content strategies that are helpful and engaging. 
Create, curate, and manage all published content. 
 Moderate comments and reviews, and redirect opportunities on social media to the appropriate support channels. 
Where redirection or moderation is not practical/possible, liaison with Subject Matter Experts and Health & Safety Specialist teams to help support users who contact Worksite on Social Media. 
Lead community engagement across all relevant social media platforms. 
Monitor trends within the health & safety industry. 
Monitor effective benchmarks (Best Practices) for measuring the impact of social media campaigns. Analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results. 
 ABL:  Always Be Learning. Social marketing technologies and best practices shift constantly. A portion of time will be allocated to training and/or attendance at applicable events or online courses. 
Measure and analyze the Key Performance Indicators that matter most to this role including: 
Audience growth 
Audience profile 
Audience engagement 
Content reach 
Engagement by content type 
Leads / Conversions 
Response Rate & Quality 
Negative Feedback 
 Qualifications: 
Possesses knowledge and experience in the tenets of traditional marketing. 
Demonstrates creativity and documented immersion in social media 
Experience sourcing and managing content development and publishing 
Excellent writing and language skills 
You are a team player with the confidence to take the lead and guide other employees when necessary 
Experience writing engaging content for humans first, and search engines second. 
Demonstrates winning Social Customer Service techniques such as empathy, patience, advocacy and conflict resolution. 
Possesses great ability to identify potential negative or crisis situation and apply conflict resolution principles to mitigate issues. 
Ability to work independently 
 What's in it for you? 
 Competitive pay & comprehensive health benefits plan 
Quarterly company-wide profit-sharing bonus 
Flexible hours 
Relaxed working environment 
Ongoing opportunities for learning and growth 
 - 
 Who We Are: 
Worksite Safety Compliance Centre is one of Canada’s leading providers of occupational health and safety services, and was recently listed on the Growth 500 as one of Canada's Fastest Growing Companies in 2018 by Canadian Business and Maclean's. 
 We want to help workers stay safe, and help employers make it happen. We believe that work life should be enjoyable, and that creating a safe workplace should be enjoyable too. We do that through providing our clients with excellence in advice and service, as well as high quality training and tools. 
 Our Values: 
Building Together - We work collaboratively because we know that everyone has great ideas and unique perspectives build a better result. We are stronger when we are all-in as one team. 
 Growing Through Experimentation - We relentlessly pursue our vision by improving and expanding what we do, experimenting with new ideas, and valuing tests over assumptions. 
 Being Surprisingly Helpful - We look for ways to surprise and delight by going above and beyond to help others, even when we don't stand to gain anything from it. 
 Enjoying our Work Life - Because our lives are better when we enjoy our work, we build genuine, positive, and supportive relationships with each other and inject a little fun wherever we can. 
 Salary:  38,000 - 44,000 + Quarterly Profit Sharing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
