  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Scientist, Cell Biology 
 at LabGenius 
 go back to Data and Product Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 At LabGenius we’re building a platform to discover revolutionary medicines using machine learning. By combining traditional biology with cutting-edge technology, we want to radically improve the drug discovery process and produce more effective therapeutics for people worldwide. 
 Founded in 2012 by Dr James Field, we’ve been backed by leading investors from the US and Europe, including Atomico, Lux Capital, Obvious Ventures, Felicis Ventures, Kindred Capital, and Backed VC. 
 We are an international team who love learning and are curious about the world. We have exciting growth plans and are looking for a skilled Cell Biologist to join us on our mission! 
 Your role. 
 If you are an experienced Cell Biologist looking to further develop your skills in an environment where collaboration is key, then this is the role for you! Maybe you’re looking to leave a large pharmaceutical company, to join an exciting biotech where you can really make an impact. As one of our Cell Biologists, your experience will be essential to this role and will be put to good use in our in-house wet lab. 
 What you’ll do in this role. 
 
 You will develop cell-based assays to characterise biotherapeutics derived from our bespoke antibody scaffold libraries for novel biotherapeutic discovery. 
 You will use your experience to help evaluate targets, design experiments and support project planning. 
 You'll analyse data and give expert guidance, both to team members and other functions within the company. Your ability to distil complexity into concise communications will be put to use every day! 
 You will work closely with our automation team to develop reliable, reproducible, high-throughput workflows. 
 
 Requirements 
 What we’re looking for from you. 
 
 You’ll be a PhD graduate with relevant industrial experience, and a strong scientific background in Cell Biology, Immunology or a related field. 
 You'll have experience in mammalian cell culture preferably with practical experience of running high-throughput functional cell assays. 
 You’ll have the ability to communicate clearly and effectively with specialists from your own and other fields (e.g. automation engineers, NGS and data scientists). 
 You'll have an understanding of biological drug discovery platforms with the use of display libraries being an advantage. 
 
 How you enjoy working. 
 
 You’re comfortable with a rapid pace of work in a dynamic environment. 
 You’re happiest working in a collaborative context. If you love flying solo, this isn't the right role for you. 
 You’re equally comfortable challenging as you are with being challenged. 
 You get excited about learning new technologies and approaches. 
 You want work to be meaningful and to be part of a business dedicated to having a positive impact on humanity. 
 
 Benefits 
 What you’ll receive from us. 
 Aside from being part of our brilliant, purpose-driven team, you'll also enjoy: 
 
 Flexible working arrangements: whether you’re a night owl or a morning lark, with core hours of 10am-4pm, you can choose a pattern that works for you. 
 Easy access to on-site gym and climbing wall to break a sweat or indulge your inner monkey. 
 Monthly 1-on-1 coaching from Sanctus: because we need to look after our minds as well as our bodies. 
 Self-service study budget via Sunlight plus books, courses, and events; we encourage personal development in any form. Basically, we heart learning. 
 Weekly team lunches from City Pantry: the perfect time to connect over kebabs, natter over nachos, or cackle over curry. 
 Access to the Cycle To Work scheme: to make your commute cheaper, healthier, and a whole lot greener! 
 
 We believe that diversity makes for innovative, exceptional teams. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based on gender, race, colour, religion or belief, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other protected class. 
 Please make sure you include a solid cover letter that shows your enthusiasm for cell biology and LabGenius ' work! 
 DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: Friday 29th January 2021. 
 Published at 9 Jan 2021 - Expires on 25 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  LabGenius 
 fulltime  Senior Software Engineer  at LabGenius in London 
 __26-09-2020 
 fulltime  Engineering Manager  at LabGenius in London 
 __23-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
