  
 Nordic Nomads 
 stories from the north & around the world 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About The Blogger 
 Events in Copenhagen 
 Resources 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Resignation 
 Celebrating the 17th of May in Denmark -> 
 What are we without a job title? 
 Posted on  April 5, 2014  by   NordicNomads 
 0 
 who cares? I never read your business card 
 I just left my job as a category manager at a consumers online review company in Europe. Few months before I finally left this post, I had been searching a new job around Copenhagen - online and offline (through networks and newspaper). In addition to financial security reason (mortgage, living cost, and a requirement to survive as an immigrant in Denmark), self-confidence wise, I could not imagine quitting a job without another new job being ready. I was simply too nervous not knowing what I would do or would be, without a new job. And I hate the idea of claiming my unemployment insurance. 
 This post was originally meant to share about my new job. But then something strucked me and deviated me to write something else. 
 Feeling nervous not knowing what one would do or would be, without a new job . There must many people who have experienced the same feeling as I did when they were about to resign from their old job or when they were in-between jobs.  What are we without a job title? 
 Think about it. In Asian culture, and I guess in many other cultures too, people often quickly measure (or judge) your success shortly after you answered their question: "So, what are you doing currently?". In Indonesia, the question becomes very intensely direct such as "Where do you work now?" or "What is your job?". These people, particularly Indonesians, shoot you with these questions, probably only for an empty opening chit-chat, without realizing that they actually have helped developing a stereotype that "people = job title". 
 Sure, one can formulate anything to answer the above questions. Although, at the end, people typically expect the answer in the same format: a job title + a company name. Then, the conversation may likely continue beyond this point, such as job tasks or roles (or throwing back the same question "So, what is your job now?" *duh). 
 Even many LinkedIn users put their job titles under their names on their profile pages. 
 However, is it really true that "we = job title"? 
 If it is, then it must be so painful for many unemployed youth in southern Europe who are struggling looking for the job in the middle of a suck economy. Imagine. Their friends and family expect them to nail a job after they, for sometimes, have been carrying a piece of master degree diploma (which must look pretty useless after hundreds of declined applications). 
 Many career-driven people, who have devoted most of their hours for and at work, often can't stand the stage of in-between jobs for more than a month, because they just can't help the idea of losing the purpose of their life, which often extends to job title. (Remember Miranda, on Sex and The City movie 2, who confessed to Charlotte at the hotel bar in Abu Dhabi, that she really missed her job as a lawyer despite only leaving it for short weeks?). 
 And on my side, this whole society misconception is also irritating. Yes, as an immigrant in Denmark, I need to have a job title so that I can show and proof to the society that I am doing "something" productive -> social expectation. And, to relieve my mom on the phone, every time she asked "So, what is your job now? what is your title?" -> family expectation. 
 The thing is, even if I had the title as a CEO at one giant company, this title still does not and cannot define the entire of myself. 
 Job title may help indicate someone's typical day-to-day activities, a schedule, or skills, though the last point can be misleading (someone with a sales job title, does not necessarily have a selling skill), but job title is not a 100% representative of ourselves. It tells nothing about our attitude, personality, actual skills and experience (proven track record does tell the last two criteria - not a job title). 
 So, what are we then without a job title? Well, people in general still need a job (it can be anything) to make a living and to live a life. But even if they lost their job title or even lost a job, they are still them. An Obama is still Obama whom his wife has known long before he became a president of the United States. And I am still me: a driven young woman who loves online world, spicy food, and travelling, and of whom my husband explains as a person who is over thinking. 
Have a good Saturday! (and try to elaborate something beyond job title under your name on your LinkedIn page; it can be a short words of your strong skill). 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 Flattr 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Business & Economy ,  Job & Career  |  Tagged  career ,  Copenhagen ,  CV ,  dagpenge ,  in between jobs ,  job ,  job title ,  kontanthjælp ,  left job ,  Linkedin ,  need job 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Resignation 
 Celebrating the 17th of May in Denmark -> 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Business & Economy  (14) Culture  (60) Education  (9) Environment  (3) Fashion  (3) Food & Beverage  (12) Freedom of thinking  (3) History  (6) Home Inspiration  (3) in Denmark  (57) in Norway  (19) in Sweden  (5) Integration & Immigration  (22)    International Marriage  (7)    Language  (2)    Residence Permit  (4) Job & Career  (6) Outside Nordic  (20)    France  (1)    India  (2)    Indonesia  (3)    Japan  (3)    New Zealand  (1)    USA  (8)    Vietnam  (1) Politic  (9) Travel & Leisure  (35) 
 Top Posts 
 
 Victimized By Law of Jante 
 80 Things We Wished We Knew Before We Started Traveling 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month December 2014  (1) October 2014  (1) June 2014  (1) April 2014  (1) March 2014  (1) February 2014  (1) January 2014  (7) December 2013  (5) November 2013  (9) September 2013  (10) July 2013  (2) June 2013  (8) May 2013  (3) April 2013  (20) March 2013  (2) February 2013  (10) January 2013  (11) December 2012  (6) October 2012  (9) September 2012  (2) July 2012  (2) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Family Pre-Christmas Dinner 2014 
 We Have to be Able to Criticize Bad Idea 
 Celebrating the 17th of May in Denmark 
 
 Search our articles 
 Search 
 visits 
 
 54,762 
 
 Like Us On Facebook 
 
 Like Us On Facebook 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 613 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
