Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 The West is Alive! Check out all Job announcements! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Co. Galway ,  Jobs in Ireland  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 There is this expression, Feast or famine, meaning things are really good,  or things are really bad.. 
 This post is about the Feast part of the expression, as I can hardly keep up with all the job announcements in the last  two weeks! 
 Below is just a overview of each announcement at Cisco, SAP, Merit Medical and HP! 
 *Oranmore-based technology company Cisco Systems announced 
115 new jobs 
Check out the Cisco System Galway current vacancies  here  
 *100  jobs were announced at software giant SAP in 
Ballybrit 
Check out the opportunities at SAP Galway  here  
 *Merit Medical in Parkmore will be 
creating up to 300 new jobs at its new Merit Vision facility here as 
part of a €20m investment. I found  this page  where you can see all their vacancies worldwide 
 *Hewlett Packard (HP) 
will be building a new 90,000 square foot premises in Oranmore, which 
will cater for at least 200 extra staff, while around 100 jobs will be 
created in the construction phase. 
Check out their current vacancies  here  and select location Ireland, Galway 
 So if you are thinking to make your big move to Galway and looking for accommodation, I'd recommend  you check out  Daft  . There is also a  free local newspaper called The Galway Advertiser, which  comes out on a Thurday . You can view their online classifieds  here . 
 Please feel free to drop me a line if you have any questions you may have about living in Galway! 
My email : katleenworkinginireland@gmail.com 
 Up Galway! 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,433 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
