Trading and travelling and other things 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 <- The AUS job- Part 4 
 Good reads from around the Web -> 
 September 29, 2013 * 3:09 pm 
 ↓ Jump to Comments 
 The AUS job- Part 5 
 **The summer of ‘12 
**After all the negotiation work had been done, it was time to be an accountant! I was tasked with rebuilding AUS financial history for the last 4 years using the boxes of documents and receipts left over. It is safe to say that I spent most of my summer in the AUS office, with over 12-14 hours per day easily going into organizing the documents left over from the previous years. After I had organized the receipts, cheque requisition forms, deposit slips and all other transaction records in chronological order, I had to go through them again, one-by-one, to enter them into Quickbooks, our accounting software. 
 After that had been done, I had to go through the bank statements for four years, month-by-month, and reconcile our Quickbooks accounting records item-by-item with the bank statements. One of my motivating factors while working through this was the incredible insight I got into AUS operations by going so thoroughly through the financial records. You cannot get to know an organization better after you have been through each dollar of cash coming in and going out for the last four years three times over. 
 One of my other motivating factors was to have everything perfectly organized in the way I wanted. There is something beautiful in organizing things, giving structure to what was before an ungodly mess. Organizing these documents and databases was like running a marathon, or solving a very large puzzle. Completing it is its own reward, in addition to any other positive ramifications that may be obtained. 
 **Externalized Departments 
**The records I had available were for all the non-externalized departments, i.e. departments which did not have their own bank accounts. Records for externalized departments were incredibly irksome to obtain. None of the departmental executives were in Montreal over the summer and the banks wouldn't release their information to me as I did not have signing authority on their accounts. Many of their records were locked up in their offices for the summer, their bank statements were impossible to obtain, and I could not get the NTRs processed without these documents. 
 Getting these documents delayed the process. I had to send frantic emails to account managers at the bank, departmental executives (both old and new) and our accountants to coordinate the whole thing, so that we didn't miss any of our debt repayment deadlines. 
 In the end, I managed to gain access to these locked up documents by talking to the building manager where the departmental offices were located, and by talking to the account managers at the bank to obtain the bank statements for these accounts. As they can only allow access to these documents/ offices to the specific departmental executives, what they did wasn't technically legal, but it helped save the AUS. 
 Delivery! 
Once I had all the information compiled, organized and reconciled on both our accounting software and on paper, I delivered it to our accountants. We subsequently had the NTRs made and delivered to McGill on time and got our student fees released. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  AUS 
 Tagged as  Finance 
 <- The AUS job- Part 4 
 Good reads from around the Web -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 On Dara Shikoh 
 The AUS job- Part 8 
 The AUS job- Part 7 
 The AUS job- Part 6 
 Back from finals! 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 ed on  Portfolio Optimization with… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bryan Zhang on  Portfolio Optimization with… 
 
 
 
 
 Matthew  on  On Dara Shikoh 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 AUS 
 Economics 
 Finance 
 History 
 Personal Updates 
 Portfolio Optimization 
 Trading Strategies 
 Uncategorized 
 Web Links 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Finviz 
 Guru Focus 
 R-Bloggers 
 Trefis 
 
 
 
 Trading and travelling and other things  * 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
