
 
 
 
 
 
 QUESTIONS? CALL:  44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free)   1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) OR  Chat us on Skype 
 
 We provide opportunities to travel, live and explore China while teaching English. 
 ** 
 44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free) 
  1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) 
 ** 
Email:  [email protected] 
 WeChat ID: alexandra_taylor 
 Zhong Jun World City, building C, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 
  Open in Google Maps  
 
 HOME 
 ESL JOBS IN CHINA 
 
 WHY TEACH ENGLISH IN CHINA? 
 SHANGHAI 
 SHENZHEN 
 BEIJING 
 XUZHOU 
 SUZHOU 
 ZHENGZHOU 
 WEIHAI 
 WUXI 
 FUZHOU 
 TAIZHOU 
 WUHAN 
 GUANGZHOU 
 HANGZHOU 
 DALIAN 
 FOSHAN 
 HONG KONG 
 More cities 
 More jobs 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 TESTIMONIALS 
 BLOG 
 RESOURCES 
 
 F.A.Q. 
 How to apply 
 Teachers' Gallery 
 Documents Legalization 
 Chinese Consulates 
 Third-Party Visa Handlers 
 How to apply for a Chinese Visa 
 Interview Tips 
 Mandarin courses in China 
 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 APPLY  NOW 
 3 
 David Mitchell 
 Thursday, 13 February 2020 /  Published in   General 
 How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 
 Relocating to another country can be stressful and time-consuming; to avoid this we try to make each part of the process as simple and fast as possible. 
 Below we have outlined the process and everything you will need to provide/do at each stage. 
 Interview with our recruiters 
 To start off with, you will need to submit an application by filling out our  online application form . 
 In order for us to start looking for a job, we will ask you to send us your CV via email. 
 Once we have reviewed your CV and approved your application for progression, we will schedule an interview via Skype to discuss the job, assess your English speaking skills and accent and answer your questions. 
 Most schools that we work with teach kids from 3 to 12 years old, so we're looking for teachers with energy, enthusiasm, patience, and professionalism. 
 Treat the interview with us as you would any other job interview. 
 We want to get you on your teaching adventure, but we're also committed to offering our schools the best educators out there. 
 That being said, we're really looking forward to meeting you! 
 Securing a job and getting a salary offer 
 If you passed the first interview successfully, we will contact you within 48 hours asking for the following: 
 
 
 A clear photo of the first page of your passport (feel free to censor any sensitive information as long as we can see your name, date of birth, nationality, and photo) 
 
 
 A 2-minute video introducing yourself. In order for us to start looking for a job, we need your introduction video: outside with good daylight, smiling during the video, at least 2 minutes long, talking about your education, work experience, why you want to come to China, why you like China, hobbies, interests, etc. Check out  this guide  on how to record a great video. 
 
 
 A casual photo of yourself 
 
 
 (we require these documents for a number of reasons such as proving your identity and qualifications. 
 We cannot progress without them so make sure you send everything over as soon as possible!) 
 If your first interview is successful, you will have another call with one of our Senior Recruiters to get an individual offer based on your qualifications and skills. 
 Once all the terms are agreed upon, we send you the contract to sign. 
 Once you sign it, we stamp it, send you the copy and start looking for a school using the information you provided (CV, self-introduction video). 
 Flight tickets 
 You purchase flight tickets according to the start dates in the contract you signed, and once we know specific dates of arrival, we start arranging a job with a specific school, taking into account your location preferences, available vacancies in specific cities, and other conditions to provide the best placement possible. 
 Get Ready for Work! 
 Now that the contract is signed and flight tickets purchased, it is time to prepare all the documents for your visa. 
 Our recruiters will set up a call with you to tell you in detail how to apply and what documents to prepare. 
 Preparing necessary documents will take 1-1,5 months, so make sure you get everything ready on time before your departure. 
 As you make preparations, keep the following in mind: you'll need to bring your valid passport and all the documents in printer version with you. 
 While you can get the most common items (e.g. toiletries, medications, eyeglasses, etc.) make sure that essential prescriptions are available in your destination country. 
 And if you have any questions along the way, Work and Live in China team is here to help! 
 Continued Support 
 Work and Live in China is with you every step of the way. 
 We meet you at the airport upon arrival, provide a hotel, transportation, training (if necessary), and accompany you until you arrive at your school. 
 After you start teaching, we provide 24/7 support during the year with any questions. 
 Navigating a new environment is challenging. The food, the work, and the community you now call home can really surprise you in ways both good and bad. 
 So if you ever need help, Work and Live in China is here for you. We have skilled teacher trainers here to assist with career development. 
 Our support staff is constantly in touch with school managers and can help smooth the path to communication. Or maybe you just had a bad day, miss home, and need some perspective on the adventure you've undertaken. 
 Every step of the way, we're here for you. 
 After You 're Done 
 Your contract may be over, but that doesn't mean your adventure needs to end. 
 Work and Live in China Recruitment works with schools in more than 150 cities across China. 
 And once you get one position with us, it's just that much easier to find a new job in an exciting new location. 
 Stay in touch so that we can keep the adventure going. 
 If you have any questions, just apply online and we will contact you by email. 
 
 What you can read next 
   
 Teaching English in China salary: How much can you make in 2020? 
   
 How to Save Money living in China 
   
 China Weather, Climate and Geography + 10 Tips about China's Weather 
 Recent Posts 
 
 
 
  4 Essential Tips on How to Learn Chinese Effectively: Where to start in 2020?  
 Have you been interested in learning Mandarin C... 
 
 
 
  8 Essential Tips for Surviving Quarantine in China  
 As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to spread al... 
 
 
 
  New COVID-19 Testing Rules for Foreigners Traveling to China  
 Rule changes for passengers traveling to China ... 
 
 
 
  Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban  
 Beijing is to allow in a select number of inter... 
 
 
 
  Foreign Teachers in China May Be Permitted to Take Part-Time Jobs  
 Foreign teachers in China will be able to take ... 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Apply For China Visa In Usa | Search Results Web results World News, Latest World News, Breaking News  on  🇬🇧 Chinese Work (Z) Visa: The Ultimate Guide for UK citizens in 2020 
 How Long Does It Take To Get A Teaching Degree | ---------------------  on  16 Things To Know Before Teaching English in China (2020 Guide) 
 David Mitchell  on  How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 AffiliateLabz  on  Documents Legalization for Work Z Visa: The Complete Guide (2020) 
 AffiliateLabz  on  How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 
 Categories 
 
 Explore China 
 General 
 Teaching certification 
 
 Featured Posts 
 
 
 
  4 Essential Tips on How to Learn Chinese Effectively: Where to start in 2020?  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  8 Essential Tips for Surviving Quarantine in China  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  New COVID-19 Testing Rules for Foreigners Traveling to China  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  Foreign Teachers in China May Be Permitted to Take Part-Time Jobs  
 0 comments 
 Application form 
 First and Last Name 
 Email 
 Citizenship 
 Age 
 Phone number (optional) 
 Skype ID (Optional) 
 Do you have a degree?YesNo 
 Do you have teaching experience?YesNo 
 Have you worked in China before? 
 When are you ready to start teaching in China? 
 Send me a copy 
 Subscribe to our newsletter 
 Apply 
 MENU 
 
 Home 
 About us 
 FAQ 
 Blog 
 Contact us 
 Why teach English in China? 
 Useful links 
 Teachers' Gallery 
 How to apply for a Chinese Visa 
 How to apply 
 Job board 
 Taizhou 
 Shanghai 
 Beijing 
 Shenzhen 
 Xuzhou 
 Suzhou 
 Hong Kong 
 Hangzhou 
 Guangzhou 
 Nanjing 
 Zhengzhou 
 Tianjin 
 Weihai 
 Wuxi 
 Shijiazhuang 
 Dalian 
 Fuzhou 
 Wuhan 
 Qingdao 
 Foshan 
 Ningbo 
 Huainan 
 Nantong 
 Wenzhou 
 More cities 
 
 Want to know more about teaching English in China? 
 Subscribe to get notified of more awesome content from our blog and get useful tips! 
 Authorized by: 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free) 
  1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) 
 Office hours: Monday to Friday 1 p.m. - 11 p.m. CST (China) 
 Email:  [email protected] 
  Work and Live in China 
 Zhong Jun World City, building C, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 
 __Open in Google Maps 
 
 GET SOCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © 2013-2020 All rights reserved. WORK AND LIVE IN CHINA. 
 TOP 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
