Mrt'sblog 
 Film, football, fiction. And politics. Reviews and other random stuff 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Mrt'sblog and Me 
 Contact 
 Football 
 Politics 
 Reviews 
 
   
 Tag Archives: careers 
 Is Chivalry Dead? 
 Posted on  May 29, 2011  |  1 comment 
 In a word - yes. Certainly  the chivalry of old  perished long ago. I'm not saying it died with the knights, although an early form of noble gallantry may well have done. I'm talking about being a gentleman. And it's been many years since it was normal for every single bloke to be "  courteous and considerate  " towards the womenfolk and indeed each other. Or at least since we were expected to be. 
 A certain type of classically dressed chap, who is both suave and selfless, reliable and romantic, is now nothing but a  fictional character . He may have always been so, in reality. A combination of factors conspired to kill off his desirability though, many of them good things, like greater  gender equality . But some of them not so good. 
 I think a form of chivalry, an evolved romance and respect for women, still has a place in modern life. In the past I've been shot down and put in my place for expressing some sort of view on chivalry by female friends and I would not dare to raise the subject with male ones. In recent days I've been reminded of the conflict and decided to turn to blogging to try to articulate my thoughts. 
 So I do think it is possible to still aspire to be a  gentleman  , even admirable to do so. But it's become ridiculously taboo to hold such a good natured view. Try an act of classic chivalry and you're liable to criticism or it's assumed you're a fake using it as a means to a very predictable end. Try to criticise a man for being an arse by saying he's not living up to gentlemanly standards and duties and you're being sexist. The last bastions of chivalrous behaviour are under attack not just from the loutish disrespect of some men, which are ever present opponents, but also from  feminists  who seem to view what was once common decency as a slippery slope back to women being tethered like livestock to the  kitchen sink . 
 I do not mean to sound pompous and arrogant. Of course everyone is entitled to their view. I admit I am entranced by a nostalgia for the past and eras I was never a part of, eager to taste and preserve attributes of times that seemed more honest and honourable, with more to discover and greater purpose to existence. I can be something of a hopeless and foolish romantic at times. I don't see what is wrong with that; indeed I think it's refreshing, given that mostly I'm realistic and pessimistic like the world around me. 
 People striving to capture the essence and best intentions of aspects of the past should not be ostracised. Just because the historical balance of power between men and women has been grossly unfair, does not mean that all the elements of the way women were once treated were wrong. In fact some of the things incorrectly lumped together with the tools of  male oppression  ought to make a comeback. 
 If it seems like I am struggling to make my point it's because I am. The problem is that I can't really explain or argue my point of view persuasively because it's something vague I just  instinctively  feel is right. I don't have masses of evidence to call upon, just a sense of  moral conviction . 
 I can understand why women might feel patronised by certain  gentlemanly acts . I tried to rationalise this by saying to myself that I reserve most of my chivalrous compassion for those women that earn it. This is what I'd say to the feminists, I thought. I am simply considerate and  caring  to good friends, people I know to be nice or those that I  love . That is not solely down to gender. 
 But then I thought, I'd still  hold the door open  for a female stranger. I might turn my head a little more if they were attractive but that wouldn't be the reason. Monster or model, most of the time, if I had the opportunity, I'd hold the door. And I've done it for men too, more than most people, but there's no question I'd be more aware of the ladies and they'd take priority. For example if it was busy and at some point I'd have to pass through the door myself, I'd cut in front of a man far more willingly. Why? 
 For those of you familiar with  Friends  , Phoebe's claim that there's no such thing as a  selfless act  will spring to mind, when I say that doing something needlessly kind like holding the door for a stranger, makes me feel good. Regardless of whether the pretty girl flashes me a smile or the less pretty one looks grateful, I'll feel better about my day. To an extent though this would be true if I was holding the door for a 60 year old chap. 
 Perhaps that goes someway to answering the issue; being a gentleman now can mean being kind and thoughtful to anybody, not just women. The fact remains though that I still feel an inexplicable duty towards "  the fairer sex  ", an outdated term which could have petrol bombs and bricks flying through my windows. And I still feel passionately that I shouldn't be made to feel guilty about that. 
 If I'm really scraping the barrel for reasons behind my vague, fluffy and inconsistent  philosophy  , I'll resort to my ignorant grasp of science. Could it not be said that it's simply a natural part of humanity, an evolutionary trait, for the man to be protective? We may have rightly moved beyond the idea of the man being the breadwinner but physical differences alone show he can still be a protector. 
 Women ought to be the equals of men in everything that matters but they're still held back by a  glass ceiling . Cracks might start appearing in that barrier if we admitted that whilst the sexes are unquestionably equal, they still have undeniable differences. 
 This isn't really an aspect of the argument I'm all that convinced by though, I hate the overuse of scientific theory and the constant linking of everything to evolution. I am aware I'm treading on controversial ground and I just needed something concrete to say. I come back to the fact that I just  feel  strongly about this. Probably all because of misplaced and naive  romanticism . 
 I've had conversations with friends about relationships, in which I said something like that the girl shouldn't have to bother herself with extravagant gifts and presents for her chap. I was met with fierce disagreement, unanimously against me. I see the weaknesses of my position, believe me. I know relationships are two-way and as I said earlier I wouldn't dream of telling anyone what is right for them. I feel very irrational at times holding the view that I do; but nevertheless I hold it. 
 I think for me it boils down to the fact that I enjoy being romantic and even in friendship I enjoy being supportive and helping out however I can. I like to actively  care  for people I give a shit about. Shoot me if this is wrong. I know I haven't put forward any compelling arguments in favour of chivalrous behaviour. But if people are willing to do it and get satisfaction from it too, I don't see what is so bad about what is essentially kindness and respect. 
 In an increasingly self-involved culture I think that the ideals of chivalry and the symbolic figure of the gentleman are very British and very necessary influences, that should not be destroyed by misguided taboos. 
 P.S. I do apologise for such preachy, waffly and poorly expressed writing. I'll try to deliver something manly and thought through soon-ish 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Personal ,  Uncategorized 
 Tagged  affairs ,  article ,  behaviour ,  Big ,  boys ,  breadwinner ,  care ,  careers ,  caring ,  chat ,  cheat ,  chivalrous ,  Chivalry ,  Comment ,  common ,  compassion ,  considerate ,  consideration ,  courtesy ,  dead ,  decent ,  dynamic ,  effort ,  essay ,  females ,  feminist ,  friendship ,  gallant ,  gentleman ,  gentlemanly ,  girls ,  glass ceiling ,  helpful ,  hold the door ,  is ,  just write ,  kind ,  knights ,  ladies ,  love ,  males ,  man ,  marriage ,  misogynist ,  naive ,  nice ,  noble ,  opinion ,  pig ,  polite ,  poor ,  protector ,  query ,  questions ,  relationships ,  reliable ,  respect ,  romance ,  secrets ,  sexist ,  share ,  talking ,  thoughts ,  two way ,  waffle ,  woman ,  women ,  womenfolk ,  writer 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 360 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Search Mrt'sblog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archive 
 
 
 Archive Select Month November 2012  (1) August 2012  (1) April 2012  (7) March 2012  (2) February 2012  (4) January 2012  (5) December 2011  (1) November 2011  (4) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (4) August 2011  (17) July 2011  (18) June 2011  (34) May 2011  (45) April 2011  (13) March 2011  (15) February 2011  (20) January 2011  (19) December 2010  (7) November 2010  (18) October 2010  (13) September 2010  (17) August 2010  (9) July 2010  (4) June 2010  (5) March 2010  (1) February 2010  (7) 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Blog Critics  A great source of news, opinions and reviews. I am a registered contributor to the TV/film, books and politics sections 
 CaughtOffside  The Best Football Site Around – with occassional contributions from yours truly 
 Demo Critic  An interesting, impartial site providing an outlet for political opinion, containing numerous articles from little old me 
 Empire Magazine  The latest movie news before you can say "shit the bed" 
 Flickering Myth  An excellent movie blog containing reviews, opinion and articles and regular contributions from myself 
 The Dark of the Matinee  A fantastic movie blog full of reviews and spot on opinion 
 The Guardian  Quite simply the best source of news and opinion out there 
 The Incredible Suit  Evil mastermind behind BlogalongaBond and destroyer of crap films 
 TomCat in the Red Room  The home of superb and funny book reviews. The place to go for a good read 
 UltraCulture  A scathingly accurate take on the cinema's latest releases that always brings a smile to my face 
 Whereareyoutony Youtube  Videos created by me in ancient times 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
