Skip to content 
 
 Workaday Services 
 Digital Marketing Specialists 
 Menu 
 
 Services 
 
 Digital Marketing Services 
 Online Business Management 
 Podcast Management 
 Video Editing 
 Website Creation 
 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 
 How to Craft a Great "I'm Looking for a VA" Job Posting 
 
So you think you're ready to hire a Virtual Assistant. Before you jump in and do a quick post in a Facebook Group, or on Craigslist (shudder), take some time to properly prepare and craft a great VA job posting. This preparation will save you hours of frustration later. 
 A lot of the success of a Virtual Assistant-Client relationship has to do with "clicking". You want someone you can trust, who understands what you do and what you want them to do and can follow through on their promises. 
 Think about the personalities you get along with, what things really annoy you, what kind of communication you like (phone, video, email, messaging). The "person" things are the most important part. 
 You can teach a VA the specific skills needed for your business, but the personality and connection you have with your VA is more important and can't be learned. 
 Once you know what type of personality you want to look for, then you can start thinking of the tasks. Make a list of all programs you use (which you want them to know already, which you're willing to have them learn), make a list of everything you do and then decide which are so important they need to stay with you and those you love to do, and then outsource all the rest. Make a list of the skills needed to do those jobs, any time zone/language fluency restrictions you might have, roughly estimate how much time you think you think things will take, and any budget limits you have. 
 Objectively look at your list and determine if it's reasonable. You can't expect to hire a do-everything-with-minimal-instruction VA at rock bottom prices, it's just not possible. Prioritize what items are most important. 
 Decide on an application process. A good suggestion is to either set up a form to collect information (like Google Forms or Jotforms or Typeform - great to get responses to specific questions) or to request emails using a specific subject line (so you can auto-sort into a folder like a boss). Set an application deadline, most people have a one week or two week deadline. Anyone who doesn't apply using your preferred method can be immediately eliminated and ignored; having the ability to follow basic instructions should be a given. 
 Use the lists you created above to create a job posting that is detailed and complete. 
 A basic outline could look like: 
 LOOKING FOR A VA 
short description about your company, include a link to your website 
I'M LOOKING FOR: 
-start with overall job description, then list details like hours needed, budget restrictions, time zone requirements 
-describe the ideal personality details 
REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE: 
 
 list 
NICE TO HAVE SKILLS/EXPERIENCE: 
 list 
HOW TO APPLY: 
 give all the details 
End with a short thank you message 
 
 Keep in mind that a job posting doesn't have to be boring. Use the language that best represents your company. If you're an emoji lover, or an exclamation mark lover, go wild. If you run a very corporate or professional feeling company, project that in your words. Since you want to find a good personality match, the closer your wording matches your company and you, the better. 
 After you do your VA job posting, and start getting responses, that's when the real fun begins: sorting through and deciding who should proceed to the interview stage. 
 Want to pin this article? Here are some handy Pinterest-optimized graphics to choose from: 
 How to Craft a Great "I'm Looking for a VA" Job Posting 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Sarah   March 6, 2018March 6, 2018   Instructional Posts   No Comments 
 
 <- Two Words to Help with the Facebook Newsfeed Changes 
 Why Hire a Virtual Assistant vs an Employee -> 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Contact 
 Located in Campbell River, BC, Canada. 
 Email:  sarah@workadayservices.com 
 Phone: (250) 830-7827 
 Social Media 
   
 Copyright (C) 2021  Workaday Services . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
