Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 09R - Client Service Agent 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Client Service Agent 
Clerk R9 
 This posting is to create an eligibility list for future temporary and/or permanent opportunities. 
 If this position interests you and you meet the required criteria, we look forward to your application 
 The Ministry of Public Safety and Solicitor General is responsible for ensuring the security and economic viability of British Columbia’s communities through effective policing, corrections, liquor control, gaming, protective and regulatory programs. The Policing and Security Programs Branch develops and administers policing policy, regulates the private security industry and other protective programs. 
 To process:  security license applications, criminal record checks, protection orders, and payments. Provide customer service via telephone by responding to inquiries from Government staff, licensing applicants, licensees, and other stakeholders. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Cassandra.Kagis@gov.bc.ca DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Secondary school graduation (Grade 12) or equivalent (GED). 
Administrative/clerical/reception experience. 
Customer service experience. 
Experience utilizing multiple systems or data bases concurrently. 
Experience with data entry, typing, formatting and proofreading a variety of documents using desktop tools such as Word, Excel, and Outlook. 
Experience responding to a variety of inquiries and requests for information from the public. 
Preference may be given to 1 year or more in one or more of the above experience statements. 
Preference may be given to applicants with experience in a contact centre environment. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 Enhanced – Enhanced Security Screening will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
