X 
 Looking for onsite injury prevention and management for your workforce? 
 Leave us your email and we will get in touch with you as soon as we can! 
 Email 
 Thank you! Your submission has been received! 
 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 
 Share: 
  
  
  
 
 Mon-Fri | 8:00A-6:00P EST 
Business Service hours 
 Contact Form 
Get in touch with us 
 (888) 968-2980 
Give us a call today 
 Home About 
 Services 
 Telehealth Injury Prevention Ergonomics Wellness Management Injury Management 
 
 careers contact us Blog Live-Fit 
 Blog 
 Staying Awake on the Job: Rest, Recovery, and Your Sleep Habits 
 By 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 May 24, 2020 
 September 4, 2020 
 Published 
  
 Ergonomics 
 Workplace safety  is always a concern.  From slips, trips, and falls to industrial accidents that result in fatalities – increasing safety does not only rely on things like  improved lighting , proper training, and non-slip flooring. It may also include your very own sleep habits. 
 Below, the experts with Work-Fit take a close look at how poor sleeping habits may increase safety risks at work, and how to improve sleep for safer workplace wellness. 
 Sleep Deprivation and Workplace Safety 
 According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics (BLS),  2.8 out of every 100 full-time employees  suffered from a non-fatal workplace injury or illness in 2018. While this statistic sounds low, it includes hundreds of thousands of employees every year. For example, of all transportation and warehouse employees in the U.S.,  213,100 suffered a non-fatal workplace injury , while an additional 8,300 experienced workplace illnesses . With an average of 5 to 14 days being taken off to address these non-fatal injuries and illnesses, this can cost a company thousands of dollars and create more stress for its workforce. 
 Studies have shown that sleepy workers are approximately  70% more likely to be involved in a workplace accident . This means that sleep deprivation and workplace safety have a significant correlation . The better your sleep habits, the more likely you are to avoid a workplace injury or illness. 
 Sleep Health Interventions: How You Can Stay Awake at Work 
 Sleep health interventions can ensure that employees understand the importance of being well-rested to stay awake at work. Because of the safety concerns related to specific industries, as well as the strains and stress a drowsy individual may experience, it is important that all employees maintain workplace wellness by staying awake and alert. 
 Schedule Sleep & Stay Consistent 
 Let's be honest – you should be getting the bulk of your sleep on your own time. (Although a quick nap during your lunch break or before a night shift may be beneficial as well!) 
 If you have a set work schedule, regardless of the shift, you should be able to create a sleep schedule that supports this. You should schedule time for 6 to 9 hours of sleep every day and stay consistent with this arrangement. Preparing for quality sleep includes turning electronics off, reducing light exposure, and eliminating caffeine in the hours leading up to sleep. Studies have shown that using your cell phone or watching TV in bed can impede efforts to fall asleep. Blue light from electronics decreases your quality of sleep. 
 The phone light will keep you up at night. Try ending your night with a book instead. 
 The better the quality of your sleep is, the more rest your body will achieve and the more likely you are to reduce sleepiness while at work. 
 Take a Walk 
 Remaining in the same sedentary position or performing the same repetitive tasks for hours can be hypnotic and lead to feeling sleepy. If you find yourself struggling to keep your eyes open while staring at your computer screen at work, get up and go for a walk. 
 There are a lot of reasons why a walk can help wake you up. This is especially true if you can get outside for a brief walk. Science has proven that the circadian rhythms of the body are often regulated by the natural daylight cycles. Going outside to enjoy a walk can help reset the rhythms and energize the body, whereas artificial lighting and poorly lit areas can induce fatigue. For evening workers, a walk before work while the sun is still up can ensure you start your shift fully awake. 
 Strategically Enjoy Caffeine 
 The stimulants contained in caffeine make coffee a great way to help you become more alert. (Some experts recommend tea in place of coffee due to the energy “crash” coffee or soda drinkers may feel later.) But, as every coffee drinker knows, the effects of this boost wear off and can lead to a “crash” later. This often leads to a cycle of caffeine or snacking for intermittent energy boosts. 
 However, drinking large quantities of caffeine throughout the day can disrupt your sleep schedule later. Because of this, experts recommend limiting caffeine to the beginning half of your shift to ensure the after effects wear off before you are ready to indulge in some much-needed sleep. 
 Hydrate & Nourish Your Body 
 Dehydration and hunger can also lead to fatigue. Healthy foods such as trail mix, hard-boiled eggs, and fresh fruits and vegetables take less energy to digest. They also help maintain blood sugar levels, which prevents energy “crashes" often associated with junk food and sugary beverages. 
 Drinking extra water to stay hydrated , as well as snacking on healthy foods, can ensure your body is naturally fueled for a productive day. (Not to mention having to get up to relieve a full bladder means you are forced to take a break and stretch your legs every now and then, too!) 
 Brighten Your Workspace 
 Dimly lit spaces and poorly illuminated areas can cause strain on the eyes. That type of environment can also induce the body’s natural sleep response. By brightening your workspace, you can help to increase alertness and prevent potential incidents resulting in injuries. 
 Work that requires a night shift should be well illuminated as natural daylight is not a supplemental option. For this reason, experts recommend additional lighting during night shift hours. Daylight simulating light bulbs can provide additional benefits. 
 Improve Your Sleep Habits with Work-Fit 
 Being awake and alert not only helps to increase productivity, it grants more awareness and reduction of safety risks that may lead to serious injuries or illnesses. If you are interested in learning more about effecting good sleep habits and safety measures on the job,  visit Work-Fit today ! 
 Share 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 Kimber has been with Work-Fit for over 14 years and has dedicated her professional career to helping others. 
 Director of Operations 
   
 Categories 
 Infographics 
 Injury Prevention 
 Ergonomics 
 recent posts 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Common Carpentry In juries and How to Prevent Them 
 How To Stay Safe While Landscaping 
 See More 
 Why Leadership Programs Are Essential For Workplace Wellness 
 Best Postures For Standing, Sitting, And Lying Down 
 5 Ways to Prevent Slips, Trips, & Falls in the Workplace 
 Protecting Your Eyes At Work 
 Employee Altercations and How to Stop Them Early 
 How Employee Wellness Programs Save Your Company Money 
 Implementing Effective Workplace Wellness Initiatives 
 Understanding and Applying OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Programs 
 Overuse Injuries: Causes, Prevention, and Rehabilitation 
 Keeping You Working with Light Duty  
 Preventing Injuries and Keeping the General Motors Team Fit 
 The Unseen Hazards of “Low-Hazard” Industries 
 How to Prevent & Rehab Common Sprains & Strains 
 Addressing Hand-Arm Vibration Syndrome (HAVS) in the Workplace 
 Finding The Best Work Gloves For Safety 
 How Effective Breaks at Work Increase Productivity 
 Ladder Safety For Your Employees 
 Forklifts Are More Dangerous Than You Think 
 The Most Important Safety Tips For Working On a Full-Fledged Construction Site 
 Staying Awake on the Job: Rest, Recovery, and Your Sleep Habits 
 Tips for the Aging Workforce 
 Workplace Warm-ups for Physically Demanding Jobs 
 5 Cost-Effective Back Injury Prevention Best Practices 
 5 Mindful Tips and Motivational Tools for Your Quarantined Workforce 
 Keeping Your Bartender Healthy & Injury-Free 
 Sports Medicine Techniques Promote Safety for Rail-Track Workers 
 How Sports Medicine Techniques Can Improve Plumbing Health and Safety 
 The Little Known Dangers That Put Concrete Workers at Risk 
 The Possible Injury Related Dangers for Fishing Workers 
 Think Twice Before Taking NSAIDs 
 Bus Driver Safety 
 Injury-Free Hotel Housekeeping 
 3 Public Sector Occupations That Benefit from Injury Prevention and Care 
 Proper Snow Removal Techniques 
 5 Sports Medicine Techniques for Healthcare Workplace Safety 
 Don't Let Minor Injuries Go Unnoticed In the Workplace 
 Safety in the Oil and Gas Industry 
 Work Zone Safety Practices to Protect Utility Workers 
 Preventing Injuries in the Food Preparation Industry 
 How Rehabilitation Can Help Brain Injured Veterans Return to the Workforce 
 Three Costly Risks of Ignoring OSHA Regulations 
 Yes, Drill Sergeant! Common Boot Camp Injuries and How to Prevent Them 
 3 Reasons Why Return to Work Programs are Critical for Operational Performance 
 How a CCTV Safety Program Will Make Your Company Safer 
 3 Important Reasons for Early Injury Reporting 
 Our Hospital Heroes Need Help! - Ergonomic Improvements That Keep Nurses Saving Lives 
 Stopping Health Care Workers from Becoming Patients: 3 Ergonomic Injury Risk Prevention Strategies 
 Three Strategies for Proactive Prevention of Workplace Injuries 
 The Costs of Ignoring Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 On Repeat: Workplace Solutions for Repetitive Motions 
 5 Keys to Ensure Employee Safety When Storing Hazardous Materials 
 5 Signs Your Company Needs an Ergonomics Evaluation 
 Is a Job Rotation Program a Fit for Your Organization 
 Four Ways to Address Ergonomic Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 Taking Out the Trash - 3 Ways to Keep Waste Management Workers Healthy 
 3 Big Ways to Stay Comfortable While Flying the Friendly Skies 
 5 Ergonomic Best Practices for Emergency First Responders 
 5 Common Safety Hazards Present in Warehouse Operations 
 Musculoskeletal Conditions Slowing Down the Trade Industry 
 5 Tips for Establishing a Workplace Safety Committee 
 Planting the Seeds of Safety in the Agriculture Industry 
 Heat or Ice? Settling the Debate When It Comes to Workplace Injuries 
 10 Ways to Stop Workplace Injuries Related to Pushing & Pulling  
 Practicing Progressive Muscle Relaxation For Stress Relief 
 Carrying Up Stairs & Keeping Your Workers Safe on the Job 
 Vehicle Loading and Unloading: Keeping Your Workers Safe 
 Injury Prevention Within the Logging Industry 
 How Reach Zones Help Manufacturing Employees Lead Safer Lives 
 Safety Tips For Roofers 
 Proper Workstation Lighting Ergonomics In The Office 
 Proper Lifting Technique To Teach Your Employees 
 Back Support Tips for Truck Drivers 
 Helpful or Harmful: Caffeine and Headaches INFOGRAPHIC 
 Truck Driving Ergonomics 101 
 Unseen Benefits of Ergonomic Footrests At Your Desk 
 Practice Ladder Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 How to Stay Hydrated INFOGRAPHIC 
 Fire Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 Desk Ergonomics 101 
 5 Senses to Help Manage Stress INFOGRAPHIC 
 Sitting Disease & How to Avoid It 
 Workplace Stress Management Techniques 
 Eye Fatigue: Management & Prevention 
 Health & Wellness Management for Office Workers 
 How to Sit Properly At Your Desk 
 How Wellbeing in the Workplace Improves Brand Health 
 How to Boost Employee Morale and Motivation (Without Raising Salary) 
 5 Ways to Use Feedback to Boost Morale at Work 
 5 Studies That Prove the Benefits of Ergonomics 
 How an Accident at Work Hurts More Than the Employee 
 Work-Related Injuries That Your Company Can Prevent 
 5 Work Culture Strategies to Improve Employee Health 
 How to Reduce Your Lost Time Injury Rates 
 How Can My Company Reduce Workers' Comp Expenses? 
 How to Improve Employee Wellness in Nursing Homes 
 More Posts In 
 Ergonomics 
 [ 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 Learn how COVID-19 has affected the packaging industry as a whole, and how employees in this industry can reduce their vulnerability to COVID. 
 Read More](/blog/how-the-packaging-industry-is-changing-during-covid) 
 [ 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 The cruise ship industry is slowly beginning to pick back up. Learn about the specific risks that cruise ship workers face, and how they will proceed. 
 Read More](/blog/what-returning-cruise-ship-workers-need-to-keep-in-mind-in-a-covid-world) 
 [ 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Telehealth is the use of digital communication technologies to access health care services remotely and manage your health care. Learn about Telehealth here. 
 Read More](/blog/telehealth-what-you-need-to-know) 
 Check Out More Blogs 
 Here 
 Check Out Our Services 
 Here 
    
 Phone: (888) 968-2980 
 Get Started 
 © 2018 WORK-FIT |  Site Privacy  |   Patient Privacy  |  Sitemap 
 Powered by Scale 
