Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Support Technician Renewal & Financial Units 
 Canada Life Assurance Company 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
We are Canada Life 
 Being a part of Canada Life means you have a voice. This is a place where your unique background, perspectives and talents are valued, and shape our future success. 
 You can be your best here. You’re part of a diverse and inclusive workplace where your career and well-being are championed. You’ll have the opportunity to excel in your way, finding new and better ways to deliver exceptional customer and advisor experiences. 
 Together, as part of a great team, you’ll deliver on our shared purpose to improve the well-being of Canadians. It’s our driving force. Become part of a strong and successful company that’s trusted by millions of Canadians to do the right thing. 
 Be your best at Canada Life. 
 We are looking for a Support Technician- Group Underwriting 
 As a member of the Analyst/Support team in National Accounts Underwriting (London), the Support Technician will be responsible for: 
 Manual rate calculations for policy renewals and adhoc pricing requests 
Data entry of billing premium rates onto mainframe systems 
 Our in-force business consists of clients from prestige consultant firms, trustee groups, and direct with employee populations of 300 lives to 90,000 lives, ranging in annual premium of $3M - $400M. 
 What you will do 
 Calculating manual rates for scheduled policy renewals by manipulating employee census data and becoming proficient in the use of ARC (Automated Rating Calculator). 
Calculating manual rates on an ad-hoc basis as requested by Policyholders and Underwriters for plan design changes. 
Recording premium billing rates on Head Office Billing and Self Admin Billing clients into mainframe. 
Assisting Analysts, Underwriters, and Management with non-standard calculations and client reporting. 
 What you will bring 
 Proven knowledge of Excel (able to use various functions/formulae and pivot tables) 
Strong mathematical, analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills 
Strong organization skills 
Proven ability to manage multiple priorities and meet critical deadlines 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Ability to work as part of a team as well as independently 
Understanding and knowledge of group products is an asset 
Education/skills acquired at post-secondary level or equivalent, or a combination of education and work experience. 
 Be your best at Canada Life- Apply today 
 Canada Life serves the financial security needs of more than 13 million people across Canada, with additional operations in Europe and the United States. As members of the Power Financial Corporation group of companies, we’re one of Canada’s leading insurers with interests in life insurance, health insurance, investment and retirement savings. We offer a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and organizations. 
 We are committed to providing an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we live, and to creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential. 
 Canada Life would like to thank all applicants, however only those who qualify for an interview will be contacted 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
