  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Wandsworth, England 
 Rate:  £28 - £30 per hour + ltd 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Thrive Childrens Social Worker 
 Thrive Childrens Social Worker 
 I have an urgent role open for an Experienced Childrens Social Worker. 
 This is to start ASAP. 
 The role is based in Wandsworth, South West London 
 The vacancy is full time (36 hours) and on a 3 month rolling contract. 
 Your duties will include: 
, Hold a caseload where the families have complex issues. 
, To work with other teams such as the Thrive Pathway, CIN and MASH teams to develop a better understanding of thresholds and reduce delays in the support offered to families. 
, To support the early help practitioners to feel confident in managing families with complex needs by understanding the risk and ensuring plans are strong and robust. 
, To provide advice and guidance to early help services practitioners who feel they may have a child who meets the threshold for a Social Work referral. 
to help out Covid helpline - community hub helpline- being duty 
 To apply for this role you will need: 
, A degree or Masters in Social Work (or any other recognised equivalent qualification) 
, SW England Registration 
, 1 years+ Childrens Social Worker Experience 
 Please not that we do have a £250 referral scheme if you do know of anyone else that may be interested (Detailed Below) 
 Working with Service Care Solutions comes with many benefits, including - 
, £150 Registration Bonus (paid after 4 weeks in the role) 
, Free Umbrella service through Arch Umbrella 
, £250 a year towards any work related training you would like to undertake 
, Costs covered for your SW England registration renewal (50% paid at time of renewal and remaining 50% paid the following year when due for renewal again, you must be working for us to claim this benefit) 
 If you are interested in the role, or know of anyone who may be, please contact Nosheen at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 964 or email Nosheen.Hussain@servicecare.org.uk 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know of anyone who would be perfect for this position and they are placed into work, you will receive £250 for the referral once their probationary period has been completed! 
 Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for regular Job Alerts and advice. 
https://www.facebook.com/servicecaresolutionssocialwork 
https://twitter.com/ServiceCareSW 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 month+ 
 
 
 Rate:  £28 - £30 per hour + ltd 
 
 
 Location:  Wandsworth, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-29 09:54:46 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
