Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Fluvial Geomorphology & Fairley Gadsby Research Chair 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 
Education Level Doctoral Degree 
Career Level Tenure-Track Faculty Appointment 
 Job Description 
 Faculty of Science, School of Earth, Environment & Society 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Fluvial Geomorphology & Fairley Gadsby Research Chair 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations, and within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 Position Description 
 The School of Earth, Environment & Society (SEES) at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, invites applications for the Fairley Gadsby Research Chair in Fluvial Geomorphology, a full time, tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level beginning July 1st, 2021. 
 The successful candidate must have a PhD at the time of appointment in geology, geography, earth sciences, environmental sciences, environmental engineering, or a related discipline. We are particularly interested in an individual who adopts field-based, data driven and/or quantitative modelling approaches that can be applied to or should be relevant to stream restoration. Research expertise and interests could include river channel stability, sediment transport and deposition, landscape evolution and/or flume experiments that will enhance and integrate the SEES focus on water, earth surface processes, society, and the environment. The candidate is expected to develop an externally funded, vigorous research program and must have a strong commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching and supervision. 
 The School of Earth, Environment & Society is a multidisciplinary school with 27 full-time faculty members with expertise in a breadth of fields in geography, earth sciences, environmental studies/science, and geographic information science. For more information on the School, please visit https://www.science.mcmaster.ca/ees/. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboratively exchanging ideas and approaches makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer ground-breaking solutions to real-world problems leading to a Brighter World. The Faculty of Science works to create global impact by advancing scientific discovery and knowledge, and promoting greater understanding. Our innovative, interdisciplinary approach generates new methods and insights, results, and lasting change. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey, which takes approximately two minutes to complete, through McMaster’s application submission portal. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean, Faculty of Science at baileyd@mcmaster.ca to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How to Apply 
 Complete applications must be made online at https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers/current-opportunities/ (Faculty Positions, Job 34593) by the deadline to the attention of Dr. Bruce Newbold, Professor & Director, School of Earth, Environment & Society, McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, L8S 4K1. 
 A complete application consists of: 
a cover letter (including a statement regarding whether the applicant has Canadian citizenship / permanent resident status (see below)) 
a current Curriculum Vitae, and three (3) representative publications 
a statement of research 
a statement of teaching philosophy and interests 
a statement of experience and plans for advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in post-secondary education, community-based or other professional settings (2-page maximum) 
the names and full contact information of at least three referees. Letters of reference are not required and will not be reviewed at the application stage; the Department will request letters of recommendation from referees at later stages of the search process. 
 Review of complete applications will begin January 1, 2021 and continue until the position is filled. All applicants will receive an on-line, system-generated confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty members achieve a work-life balance. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications, as stated above, MUST include one of the following statements in their application package. Applications that do not include this information will be deemed incomplete. 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
