Toggle navigation 
   
 __ 
 
 Home 
 Coaching **** 
 
 Digital Nomad Accelerator Private Coaching Program 
 
 
 Courses **** 
 
 Digital Nomad Bootcamp (self-study) 
 
 
 Retreats **** 
 
 Cape Town 
 Vietnam 
 Bali 
 All 2021 retreats 
 
 
 Community 
 Blog 
 
 How to get a freelance job in 2019 
 Posted by  admin  on February 23, 2019 | Featured 
 The more you look around, the more people seem to be working from home, co-working spaces and abroad. Is this the new normal? It seems so. People are starting the value their lifestyle more than climbing the corporate ladder and are seeking out job opportunities that afford flexibility and freedom. 
 We identify the skills required to become a remote worker in 2019, how to get a remote job and how remote working will affect your lifestyle once you have secured it. 
 What jobs are best for remote work? 
 It goes without saying that some jobs are more inclined to be remote working jobs than others. Office jobs are more for managerial staff or more junior staff that require monitoring and training. In 2019, the top jobs and skill-sets that allow for remote working are: 
 Creatives 
 
 Blog writers 
 Journalists 
 Editors 
 Graphic designers 
 Videographers 
 
 Tech 
 
 Software Developers 
 Front-end web developers 
 UX designers 
 Mobile developer 
 Virtual assistants 
 
 Advertising 
 
 Email marketers 
 Social media managers 
 PPC specialists 
 
 Entrepreneurs 
 
 Small business owners 
 Startup founders 
 
 Where to get a remote job? 
 Companies are starting to realize the benefits of hiring remote workers. Not only does it cut costs in terms of resources but it is less of a commitment and requires less admin. Startups are a huge advocate for remote working as they require specialized skills for short periods and often don’t have funding for office space to accommodate staff. 
 Here are the top sites to source a remote working job: 
 
 Flexjobs 
 Upwork  
 We Work Remotely  
 Dribble jobs 
 Working nomads 
 Jobspresso 
 
 What does it mean to work remotely? 
 Deciding to become a remote worker means adopting a lifestyle change. Not being in an office environment means you will need to maintain discipline and get your work done but at the same time, you will have the choice on when and where to work. If you need structure to stay focused and remain productive, remote working may not be for you. However, if you are an independent person who can control and manage their workflow, the rewards are very evident. 
 Not only can you set your own hours, but you can work from any location, whether it be at home, a co-working space in the city or on an island - you have the freedom to decide. This can offer unique benefits in balancing your lifestyle and allow you to make time for things that are important to you, such as your health, family, or never-ending desire to travel. 
 All in all, we believe that you can have the perfect work/life balance and that society is making it easier every day to achieve this by embracing remote work. If you are looking to become a remote worker or already are one, why not  check out one of our retreats  at bucket-list destinations worldwide. Network with like-minded individuals and explore a new part of the world. View our retreats here. We look forward to welcoming you to the wandering community. 
 Comments are closed. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Coaching 
 Courses 
 Retreats 
 About Us 
 Apply 
 Contact 
 Blog 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 
 About Us 
 Work Wanderers provides remote working experience in different locations across the world. We offer luxurious accommodation, chic co-working spaces, bucket-list activities, community, and networking opportunity as well as immersing you into the culture and lifestyle unique to each location. 
 Contact Info 
 __contact@workwanderers.com 
 Payments Accepted 
 VisaPayPalMasterCard 
 Join the Wandering Community 
 Get weekly tips on the digital nomad & remote work lifestyle, first access to our latest deals and an invite to our private Facebook group! 
 Name 
 Email Address 
 subscribe 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok Privacy policy 
