Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Practical Nurse (CUPE), Outpatient Procedure Suites Day Surgery Unit/Recovery (2) - Part Time - Markham Site (re-post) 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 What we need: 
As a member of the Surgical System team, you will be responsible for all aspects of the delivery of nursing care and the provision of services in the Outpatient Procedure Suites Day Surgery Unit/Recovery. You will be actively participating in patient safety and patient advocacy throughout the patient care experience while working in an interprofessional team environment. As a member of the Surgical team, you will be responsible for the admission of and post-operative (phase II) recovery of patients. 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate will need to be available to work Monday to Friday, Days (3.75 & 7.5 hr shifts). Hours of work include: 0700h - 1500h, 0730h - 1530h, 0800h - 1600h, 0830h - 1630h. As part of the Surgical Service there may be scheduled surgical reduction and closure days. Please note schedules may change due to operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
 Pay Band CU10:  $31.25 - 32.39 per hour. 
 What you Bring to MSH: 
Current Certificate of Registration with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Current BCLS certification 
5 years of recent hospital experience (required) 
2 years of admission and post-op recovery experience (required) 
Experience with patient interviewing/assessment skills 
Membership with the Registered Practical Nurses Association of Ontario (RPNAO) 
Ability to act as a resource and role model 
Excellent physical assessment skills 
Proficient computer skills 
Familiar with professional and hospital standards, guidelines and procedures 
Demonstrated commitment to a patient/family centred care environment 
Demonstrated excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills 
Demonstrated ability to work effectively within an interprofessional team as well as independently 
Well developed communication, interpersonal and teaching skills 
Excellent organizational skills with an ability to prioritize 
Proficient computer skills 
Evidence of ongoing professional development, continuing education and leadership experience 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain this same standard 
Demonstrated commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
