Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Office Furniture Consultant 
 e3 Office Furniture & Interiors Inc. 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Headquartered in Halifax, NS, e3 Office Furniture & Interiors Inc. is one of Canada’s fastest growing office furniture dealers serving Customers from Victoria, BC to St. John’s, Newfoundland. Our proven ability to provide “Great Service, Low Prices, Quality Products and Total Solutions” is continually acknowledged by our customers. 
 We are also affiliated with Mi’kmaq Office Furniture & Interiors Inc., an Aboriginal owned office furniture dealer, which has Supply Arrangement contracts with the Government of Canada. Through Mi’kmaq Office Furniture & Interiors Inc., our representatives enjoy the competitive advantages afforded by the Government of Canada to Aboriginal owned businesses. 
 Your Job Requirements 
 You will be required to provide advice and guidance to customers in designing workspaces and supplying office furniture that will help our customers’ employees to be more comfortable and productive at work. 
 Your knowledge of office furniture, project management, workspace design and ergonomics will help you in offering solutions that meet the workspace needs of end users and the budgets of their employers. 
 Your experience with Microsoft Office products for preparing and presenting proposals should clearly demonstrate your professionalism to the clients you serve. While we have CAD operators on staff, any expertise in using design software would be an advantage over other Office Furnishings Consultants. 
 Your Experience and Abilities 
 Your three or more years of experience in office furniture sales has provided you with the knowledge and expertise to offer exceptional customer service. Ideally this experience would be complemented with a post-secondary education in business, interior decorating, interior design, occupational therapy, physiotherapy, or kinesiology. 
 You should have a proven track record of accomplishments and be able to demonstrate your ability to manage and achieve the goals that have been set by you and others. 
 You are organized, efficient, detailed oriented, and you can multi-task. You have the skills to generate business through prospecting, referrals, and lead generation. 
 Your enthusiasm is contagious. You love your work and it shows. 
 Reference ID: Ottawa - Office Furnishings Consultant 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Flexible schedule 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
During the COVID-19 shutdown, all e3 Office Furniture employees worked from home. We did not have any layoffs. We implement safe work procedures for both our sales and installation teams. 
 Experience: 
 
 Office Furniture Sales: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
