Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK ST 09 - Team Assistant, Eating Disorder Program 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Team Assistant, Eating Disorder Program 
Clerk Stenographer 09 
 An eligibility list may be established for future permanent and temporary vacancies. 
 Do you have a desire to make a difference in someone’s life? Do you have excellent customer service skills and strong administrative abilities? 
 The Ministry of Children and Family Development promotes and develops the capacity of families and communities to care for and protect vulnerable children and youth and supports healthy child and family development to maximize the potential of every child in BC. The Ministry is responsible for regional and province wide delivery of services and programs that support positive and healthy outcomes for children, youth and their families. 
 Under the general direction of the Team Leader and Office Manager, this position functions as a key member of the community-based multidisciplinary team specializing in the assessment and treatment of children, youth and adults, who have been diagnosed with an eating disorder. The program provides a comprehensive, collaborative and integrated service approach to the care of eating disordered clients. The main functions of this position are to provide secretarial, stenographic and reception service, as well as administrative support service to the Eating Disorder Program. 
 The position requires an understanding of the challenges faced by clients, and potential clients, of the services and programs being offered and how the social services office relates outside the Ministry; with service providers, community organizations, and other public service organizations. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Heather.Eastwood@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to create or update your profile and how to submit your application, please refer to the Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Secondary school graduation or equivalent. 
A minimum of one-year recent experience (obtained within the last 3 years) providing administrative support to a group of staff in an office setting. Preference may be given to those who have this experience within a social services/mental health field. 
Six months or more experience keyboarding with speed and accuracy at approximately 40 to 50 words per minute. 
 Preference may be given to applicants with: 
Experience working on a multidisciplinary Mental Health team, preferably within an Eating Disorders Program. 
Experience of medical and psychiatric terminology. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) and Criminal Record Review Act Check (CRRA) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter required:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume required:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application, however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire:  YES (COMPREHENSIVE) - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
