
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Director of Engineering 
 Ball State University 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Director of Engineering 
 Ball State University 
 [](mailto:?subject=Director%20of%20Engineering&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13926715/director-of-engineering/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 September 23, 2020 
 Location: 
 muncie, Indiana 
 __ Show Map 
 Employment Type: 
 Full-time 
 Organization Type: 
 Higher Education Institution 
 Required Education: 
 Bachelor’s 
 Ball State University seeks a Director of Engineering 
 Click here to view position profile: https://summitsearchsolutions.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Ball_State_Director_Engineering_Profile.pdf 
 Location: Muncie, Indiana 
 
 The Position: 
 The Director of Facilities Engineering will join a highly collaborative and forward-thinking Facilities Planning and Management Department. The Department strives to be the benchmark of excellence for facilities engineering while being mindful stewards of the university’s resources. A successful director will be a reliable and creative individual with a keen understanding of industry standards, trends, and best practices. Will have a positive and can-do attitude and a common-sense approach to problem-solving. 
 The Director will develop assigned design projects from client contact and design development through construction drawings and specifications. The Director will provide construction management including all necessary mechanical, electrical, and plumbing aspects of the development and remodeling of all university facilities; compile, correlate, and maintain energy consumption data for all campus facilities; and provide recommendations for energy conservation. 
 Reporting Relationships: 
 The Director of Facilities Engineering will report to the Associate Vice President (AVP) for Facilities Planning and Management. The Director will supervise two Facilities Engineers. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Establish goals, objectives, and general direction for areas of responsibility. Participate in department staff meetings as a direct report to the AVP. 
 Provide leadership and guidance to direct reports; lead efforts to train and develop each level of the staff. 
 Direct and coordinate the mechanical, electrical, and plumbing development portions of all university construction projects. Create proposals for consulting services, interview, and make recommendations for hiring. 
 Meet with university personnel to determine the scope of mechanical projects, perform comprehensive studies, and design development. 
 Conduct studies of campus electrical, mechanical, and plumbing systems. Prepare long and short-term recommendations for preventative maintenance, repair, and rehabilitation schedules for university facilities. 
 Provide input for budget requests; include any supporting narrative required. 
 Provide engineering design support for construction projects, including drawings specifications and other descriptive data for the development and remodeling of university facilities and infrastructure, including mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems. 
 Review and consult regarding all environmental, architectural, and electrical portions of major projects prepared by the planning office and outside firms. 
 Provide input on final inspections of all campus construction and remodeling projects as they relate to mechanical systems. 
 Conduct inspections for compliance of campus buildings with OSHA, EPA, and code regulations. 
 Prepare estimates for projects developed internally; coordinate these estimates with other departments as required. 
 Maintain files, drawings, and specifications as they pertain to any new construction project, campus building, utilities, etc. 
 Compile, correlate, and maintain energy consumption data for campus systems and structures; conduct audits and provide recommendations and economic justification for increasing energy efficiency. 
 Assign and review work, orient and train staff, and make recommendations regarding job description, postings, interviewing and selection, performance appraisal, and discipline. 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in mechanical or electrical engineering or related field from an accredited college or university required. 
 Five years (or more) experience in building engineering design. 
 A Professional Engineer (PE) license  or  the ability to take the PE test within two years of hire. 
 Knowledge of mechanical and electrical design, structural and architectural principles. 
 Ability to complete professional quality construction drawings and specifications. 
 Knowledge of EPA/OSHA regulations, fire and safety codes, and building codes as required. 
 Ability to use CAD. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Registration to practice in the state of Indiana or the ability to register through reciprocity. 
 Supervisory experience. 
 
 
 Why Consider the Opportunity: 
 
 Quality of Work/Life Balance:  The Director’s job provides interesting and varied work, offers a reasonable work schedule, and has no travel requirements. 
 Beautiful Campus:  Ball State’s campus is gorgeous and well maintained. With solid financial support, the deferred maintenance needs have been kept to a manageable level. 
 Positive Work Environment:  Employees enjoy an intellectually stimulating, friendly, and stable work environment. 
 Competitive Compensation and Benefits:  The university offers a very generous benefits package including low healthcare costs to employees; retirement plans; generous paid-time-off; and a tuition remission plan for the employee, spouse, and dependents. Review  benefits here . 
 Location  : Muncie offers a low cost of living with great housing options nearby. Muncie is a one-hour drive to Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 
 
 About Facilities Planning and Management: 
 Facilities Planning and Management  (FPM) provides timely, cost-effective quality facilities-related support to the Ball State University community. With over 300 employees, FPM designs, renovates, and builds flexible learning spaces that are conducive to innovative pedagogical models. The updated campus master plan aligns with FPM’s mission, goals, strategic imperatives, and enduring commitments to environmental stewardship and inclusive excellence. FPM is a highly collaborative and forward-thinking department, with a high standard of quality and expected longevity for its facilities. Currently, there is nearly $400M worth of construction activity underway, with additional funding in the pipeline. 
 Ball State’s main campus is over 790-acres and includes 120 academic, administrative, auxiliary, and residential buildings valued at more than $2B and totaling over 7.3M Gross Square Feet (GSF). The university also has just over 400 additional acres of property located near the main campus. The campus contains over 25 acres of parking lots, including three parking garages. Eleven residence hall complexes and two apartment communities comprise nearly 7,000 traditional beds and 520 apartment units. 
 Areas within Facilities Planning and Management: 
 
 Engineering 
 Systems Administration and Business Operations 
 Motor Pool Operations 
 Construction 
 Planning 
 Operations 
 Building Services 
 Landscape Services 
 
 
 FPM’s Mission 
 To provide safe, well maintained, highly functional, aesthetically pleasing and environmentally sustainable buildings and grounds which support the mission of Ball State University. 
 Ball State’s 2015 Campus Master Plan guides the physical environment of the campus for the next 15 to 25 years and aligns the university’s strategic, academic, and physical plant goals.  Click here to view the Campus Master Plan. 
 
 To view the Facilities Planning and Management  organizational chart, click here. 
 
 About the Institution: 
 Founded in 1918,  Ball State  is a residential state university in Muncie, Indiana, a midsized Midwestern city one hour northeast of Indianapolis. A doctoral research university (Research Higher), Ball State serves approximately 21,000 undergraduate and graduate students each year in diverse academic programs, both on and off-campus. Ball State has a long history of service and collaboration, including immersive learning opportunities that allow students to apply classroom knowledge to solve real problems for businesses, government agencies, and nonprofit organizations. Muncie, Indiana, was listed among the “30 Best College Towns in America” in  24/7 Wall Street  (2019). 
 
 Named one of the  best universities in the Midwest  by  The Princeton Review  for 15 years. 
 Ranked among the top 7 percent of universities worldwide in 2019-2020, according to the Center for World University Rankings. 
 Named 1 in the country in  College Magazine  ’s “Top 10 Campuses for Students with Physical Disabilities.” 
 Listed among “Colleges Where Applications Are on the Rise” by  24/7 Wall St . in 2018. In an analysis of 600 institutions, Ball State was No. 34, with applications up almost 73 percent in five years. 
 Received a Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award from  Insight into Diversity  in 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
 
 To see more rankings and recognitions,  click here . 
 Respected organizations have repeatedly been impressed by Ball State’s academic programs, supportive environment, cutting-edge facilities and technology, investment in emerging media, and commitment to sustainability. Some highlights include: 
 
 Ball State has built the largest ground-source geothermal systemin the country. The system heats and cools buildings throughout the 790-acre campus, cutting the carbon footprint roughly in half and saving more than $2 million a year in energy costs. 
 Ball State is among only 26 schools in the country to make “The Princeton Review’s Green Honor Roll” announced in 2018. Schools on this list received a perfect score of 99, covering such issues as academics, construction, food sources, and recycling. Ball State is also in the organization’s 2018 “  Guide to 399 Green Colleges.” 
 New construction at Ball State is designed to meet LEED silver certification or better by the U.S. Green Building Council. LEED stands for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design. 
 The university typically achieves a STARS Gold and/or Silver rating from the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education (AASHE), which takes into account, among other factors, social responsibility, and an institution’s overall environmental stewardship. 
 
 
 To Apply: 
 Confidential review of applications will begin immediately. For fullest consideration, candidate materials should be received by Tuesday, October 20, 2020. Click here to apply and be sure to include your resume and cover letter: 
 https://theapplicantmanager.com/jobs?pos=su193 . 
 To make recommendations or for more information: 
 Stephanie Fowler 
 Senior Consultant 
 Summit Search Solutions, Inc. 
 Direct: 530-677-9945 
 sfowler@summitsearchsolutions.com 
 __ 
 Ball State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected status. If you have any questions about the University’s Affirmative Action efforts, please contact the Employee Relations and Affirmative Action Office at 765-285-1822. 
 
 
 Application URL https://theapplicantmanager.com/jobs?pos=su193 
 
 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Ball State University 
 Ball State University is located in Muncie, Indiana, on an attractive campus 45 miles northeast of Indianapolis. Approximately 22,000 graduate and undergraduate students enroll in one of eight academic colleges that offer 190 undergraduate programs. We offer more than 140 master’s, doctoral, certificate, and specialist degrees, with many of them ranking among the best in the nation. Ball State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status. 
 Connections working at Ball State University 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Account Manager – Central Region (USA) 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 
 
 Gooch & Housego 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 Data Scientist 
 __  Santiago, Chile 
 
 
 European Southern Observatory 
 __3 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 Engineer (optical system) 
 __  Chiang Mai, Thailand 
 
 
 National Astronomical Research Institute of Thailand (Public Organization) 
 __3 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
