Workable 
 
 Product tour 
 Pricing 
 Log in 
 Get started 
 
 Menu 
 Close Menu 
 
 
 Product tour 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Log in 
 
 
 Try for free 
 
 
 Get started 
 
 
 Chapter 3 
 How To Write Job Descriptions 
 Chapters 
  Try proper hiring software  
  Ebooks   ›   Startup Hiring Guide   › How To Write Job Descriptions 
  Ebooks   ›   Startup Hiring Guide   › How To Write Job Descriptions 
 Don't go with the flow 
 Job descriptions  could and should sweep candidates off their feet. But all too often we’re content to lean on the old-fashioned and generic with the result that most job ads are mediocre. We’re guessing you don’t want to be average. You’re not one of those guys looking for superheroes who is too lazy to craft a job description that might actually attract them. 
 PRO TIP:  The first time we came across  Medium’s  careers page was in Lou Hoffman’s article: The best job descriptions on the planet. Enough said. 
 Love at first sight 
 We all know that applicants like to scan. They want to look at an opening and be able to recognize in the blink of an eye if it’s their dream job. Like all busy people they have a thousand things competing for their attention; especially the passive candidates for whom you’re trawling. Make every job description seductive. Start with the job title, keeping in mind that most job boards work like search engines, therefore candidates use keywords to search for jobs. 
 The about-the-company part 
 This is your chance to make a good first impression, so start thinking about the distinctive characteristics that make your company special. The type of job description you publish is closely related to who you are as an employer. Give them a glimpse of your company that will charm them into coming to working for you. 
 PRO TIP:  Check out  Vend.  We couldn’t even choose what our favorite job description was. We loved them all. 
 Candidates need to be able to relate to job descriptions on a personal level. Tell them a story about your company that will make them sit back and picture themselves working with you. Start with an educated guess, with something simple, ask for feedback and then optimise. Ask employees why they enjoy working for your startup. If you have a marketing department lean on them for some content marketing advice. Hiring should not to be done in isolation. You’ll need to put in some extra effort but it will pay off. 
 The about-the-job part 
 You know that if you go with the flow then your job descriptions will be deathly dull but you’re tempted to do so anyway. Because that’s the way everybody is doing it. But it won’t help your company stand out it will just add to the mountain of identical job descriptions that grows larger every day. 
 How are job seekers (let alone the precious, passive ones) supposed to spot that you’re offering a dream gig when it looks like a machine wrote your job description? It’s not necessarily because they’re not well-written, it’s because they’re presented as if they were not written by or for a human being. Do everyone a favour and stick to the important stuff. There are tons of job descriptions out there listing every tiny little task a future employee might perform. That’s not the point. 
 It's all about clarity 
 Start  writing job descriptions  that build businesses. They will attract the best talent and convert prospects into candidates. How? 
 
 Sell your company and their future in it in an engaging fashion 
 Get rid of the boring corporate tone 
 Keep it chatty and friendly 
 Use words that evoke feelings 
 Make them aspire and then act on that desire 
 Use you or we; drop the passive voice 
 
 To up the ante you can also add a list of people the future hire will get to work with on a regular basis. 
 The about-the-requirements part 
 We’ve covered the basics in our  “There’s a difference between what you want and what you need”  blog post. If you’ve used Workable you may have noticed the must-haves and nice-to-haves requirements. Why did we add this feature? To make sure that candidates won’t get excluded from the hiring process just because they clicked “NO” on a secondary skill that is unlikely to be pivotal. Think about what skills would make sense, adding to the equation the fact that they are individuals and not miracle workers. Must-have requirements are the bare minimum: the can’t-live-without list. Nice-to-have requirements are the extras: they belong on the we-can-live-without list. 
 PRO TIP:  Worth looking at  KinHR.  They might not have a careers page at the moment but this sales job description rocks. 
 Share on: 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Next chapter: 
  What to Look For: Hiring for a Startup  
 Or go back to  Always Be Hiring: Developing a Hiring Process 
 Streamline recruiting with Workable 
 Workable is recruiting software 
 for growing teams. Post jobs, source candidates and manage applications from your desktop 
or smartphone. 
 TRY IT FOR FREE 
 Chapters 
 
 
 We Need To Talk About Hiring 
 
 
 Building an Attractive Company: Employer Branding 
 
 
 Always Be Hiring: Developing a Hiring Process 
 
 
 How to Write Job Descriptions 
 
 
 What to Look For: Hiring for a Startup 
 
 
 Sourcing 101: Passive candidates 
 
 
 Creating an Interview Process 
 
 
 Workplace Benefits and Compensation 
 
 
 Recruiting Software and Tools 
 
 
 10 Essential reads on hiring 
 
 
  Introduction We Need To Talk About Hiring  
 
 
  Chapter 1 Building an Attractive Company: Employer Branding  
 
 
  Chapter 2 Always Be Hiring: Developing a Hiring Process  
 
 
  Chapter 3 How to Write Job Descriptions  
 
 
  Chapter 4 What to Look For: Hiring for a Startup  
 
 
  Chapter 5 Sourcing 101: Passive candidates  
 
 
  Chapter 6 Creating an Interview Process  
 
 
  Chapter 7 Workplace Benefits and Compensation  
 
 
  Chapter 8 Recruiting Software and Tools  
 
 
  Chapter 9 10 Essential reads on hiring  
 
 
