Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sr. HR Coordinator- Marketing, Customer COE, Compliance, Corporate Strategy and Chairman’s Office 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 We are seeking a dynamic, resourceful, organized, self-starter with a positive attitude to join our Human Resources team. The Senior HR Coordinator will support the following business units: Marketing, Loblaw Media, Customer COE, Compliance, Corporate Strategy and Chairman’s Office. 
Reporting to the Senior Human Resources Business Partner, the successful candidate will play a key role in the success of the organization by providing support in the areas of employee relations, recruitment, HR reporting and other HR-related programs and services. The Senior HR Coordinator will build positive relationships with team members throughout the organization and contribute to creative and innovative initiatives, aligned with our strategic priorities. 
 What You 'll Do: 
F ront line representative for colleague’s questions or concerns while acting as a partner to people leaders in providing advice and counsel on HR related issues and concerns 
Support the roll out of various HR programs and initiatives (i.e. orientation, culture, colleague engagement survey, performance, compensation, campus & internship and HRIS programs) 
Facilitates training and orientation for the client group 
Provide guidance, direction and support to the client group on employee relations issues, including but not limited to the interpretation of company policies & procedures, recruitment selection strategy, training & development, benefits administration, performance management, job evaluations, terminations, and benefits administration. 
Resolve sensitive colleague issues. Research answers and make inquiries of HR related issues 
Compile data for compensation recommendations and partner with the compensation to manage the administration of the annual incentive process 
Ensure legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable HR federal and provincial requirements; conducting investigations; maintaining records and representing the organization at hearings 
Resolve necessary payroll inquiries as required 
Assist HR team with research, analysis and implementation of programs, reports and projects as required 
Own the end-to-end headcount and HR reporting dashboard to help with workforce planning efforts 
Contribute to continuous improvements & best practices to influence human resources strategies 
Other duties as required 
 What You 'll Need: 
Post-secondary education preferably in Human Resources and obtained (or working towards) HR Management Certification 
1-3 years progressive HR experience, coordinating departmental programs and initiatives is a definite asset 
Ability to interact with all levels of the organization including Executives 
Previous work experience with Workday – approval workflow, reporting, recruitment, performance management and talent 
Strong integrity with ability to maintain confidentiality and manage highly sensitive information 
Solid computer skills required in MS Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook) 
Experiencing working with a HRIS system (Workday) is an asset 
Exceptional interpersonal, communication skills (written and verbal) and problem-solving skills 
Customer focused and able to nurture positive customer relationships 
Highly organized and has a high degree of attention to detail 
Strong analytical skills and superior ability to problem-solve 
Exceptional commitment to customer service with strong sense of urgency 
Highly motivated, self-starter, requiring little direction 
Travel is required to 243 Consumers Road office location once return to office commences 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
