About Varengold Bank AG 
 Varengold Bank AG is a German bank that was founded in 1995. We have offices in London and Sofia, but are at home in Hamburg, which is not only Germany’s 2nd largest city, but also one of the most livable places in the world. Our core business areas are Marketplace Banking and Commercial Banking. 
 Especially in Marketplace Banking, we see tremendous growth potential, because too many people and companies still have no access to capital or even banking services. We consider it our fundamental job as a bank to help change that. And we believe that the best way to do so is by supporting peer-to-peer (P2P) credit platforms in growing their businesses. These FinTechs can provide funds more efficiently, more effectively and on a much greater scale than we could directly. 
 Join us and help us become THE bank for the marketplace lending industry and a preferred partner of FinTechs by being fast, technology-driven and solution-oriented. 
 Location - Hamburg, Germany or Sofia, Bulgaria 
 CREDIT & PORTFOLIO ANALYST (M/F/D) 
 Full time 
 Your responsibilities: 
 In this role you will quickly take on responsibility after a structured induction. In addition to the independent risk monitoring of the exis- ting portfolio, this includes the following tasks: 
 
 
 Independent preparation of credit proposals as well as presenta-  tion to the credit committee. 
 
 
 Thorough analysis of loan tapes and collateral assessment for various asset classes. 
 
 
 Responsible execution of detailed cash flow and return analysis. 
 
 
 Constant further development of analysis and evaluation methods. 
 
 
 Your profile: 
 
 
 Completed bachelor's degree in a relevant discipline as well as at least three years of relevant professional experience in the above Field of activity. 
 
 
 Knowledge of the basic requirements for the lending business of banks in accordance with the Banking Act, MaRisk and CRR. 
 
 
 Excellent knowledge of MS Excel for complex analytical tasks. 
 
 
 Very good written and spoken Bulgarian and English. 
 
 
 Ability to articulate complex issues in spoken and written form. 
 
 
 Analytical understanding and a high degree of self-organization. 
 
 
 YouR Benefits: 
 
 
 The chance to become part of a successful bank with a clear mission that is worthy of support. 
 
 
 Flat hierarchies that ensure that decisions are quickly put into practice. 
 
 
 A company culture that supports personal development and combines the energy and outside-the-box thinking of FinTechs with the business-mindedness and respectability of a bank. 
 
 
 Competitive fixed and performance-related pay as well as numerous other benefits. 
 
 
 Attractive offices in a privileged location with stunning views of the Elbe river. 
 
 
 
 Your Application: 
 Have we sparked your interest and the job suits you? We look forward to receiving your application, including your salary expectations and availability. Please use our career page  https://www.varengold.de/en/career/job-offers/  or by mail to  want-to-work@varengold.de . 
 If you have any further questions, don't hesitate to call Bianca Stockhausen +49 40 66 86 49 18. 
 Let's shape the future of banking together! 
 Varengold Bank AG | Große Elbstraße 14 | 22767 Hamburg | Tel +49.40.66 86 49 0 | Fax +49.40.66 86 49 49 | want-to-work@varengold.de |  www.varengold.de 
 Back to overview   Online application 
