
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Repl.it (W18) 
 Collaborative in-browser IDE 
 Site Reliability Engineer 
 
 Location 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Repl.it 
 We're building a first of its kind developer platform that can be used to learn and practice programming, build and deploy applications, and share and discuss with a community of peers. We realize this is an ambitious plan, but we think it's high time someone built this. There is no good reason for the insane fragmentation in programming tools today -- someone learning to code needs to learn at least ten disjointed tools and platforms to do anything interesting with programming. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Go, JavaScript, Kubernetes, TypeScript, Google Cloud, Docker, PostgreSQL 
 Millions of people come to Repl.it to learn how to code, prototype ideas, and build applications. When we go down, it's not a mere annoyance; it's whether thousands of students learn to code that day and whether a developer's apps are up. As our founding SRE, not only will you have a real tangible effect on people's lives, you get to influence our engineering culture and how we build and scale services, and, in the future, grow and lead the SRE team. 
 Roles & Responsibilities 
 
 Build tools to reduce ops toil & babysitting 
 Keep Repl.it up and fast 
 Influence architecture decisions to take into account availability, performance, scalability, and fault-tolerance. 
 Identify trouble spots & single points of failure and delegate fixing to system owners 
 Own and evolve our incident response practices 
 
 Key Qualifications 
 
 5+ years experience 
 Systems programming experience (Go, Rust, or C/C++) 
 Experience with profiling and performance optimizations 
 Comfortable debugging production systems (instrumentation, monitoring, etc) 
 Experience working on large projects at scale 
 Self-directed and comfortable working autonomously 
 
 Bonus Points 
 
 Appreciation for simplicity and pragmatism 
 Experience building Platform/Infrastructure/Runtime as a Service 
 Experience with distributed systems, containers, and/or filesystems 
 
 Job Location: 
 SF or Remote (currently only open to +/-4 hours from pacific time zone) 
 About Us: 
 We're on a mission to make programming more accessible by building the best, simplest, and fastest coding environment. Replit is a place to not only learn and practice programming but also to collaborate and ship applications. It's exciting that we've been able to build a community of millions of users with a small team of 18 and investment from a16z, Paul Graham, and other phenomenal investors. 
 Ready to build the world's largest developer platform? 
 Technology 
 Most of our time is spent building two core areas of our technology -- the IDE and the container infrastructure. We created the world's  fastest and first server-rendered IDE . The IDE has a small functional core -- borrowing ideas from Redux -- everything is a plugin. This architecture allows us to build an adaptable IDE where it starts very simple and grows with the user as they learn more and require more features -- this is crucial for new programmers. 
 As for our infrastructure, we're building a new kind of  computing platform : it's Serverless in that users don't have to care about the underlying resources, but it's not Serverless in that it's stateful. This way it's interactive, and since we're focused on newcomers, it's a much more natural programming model. We're also building a filesystem abstraction that allows your working directory to travel with your container between development and production and as it goes offline and online -- a persistent and versioned working directory. 
 Other jobs at Repl.it 
 Customer Success & Teacher Community 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Site Reliability Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 Backend 
 6+ years 
 Senior Coding Interface Designer  
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Frontend 
 6+ years 
 Growth Product Manager 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
