Skip to content 
 
 __View menu 
 ____View sidebar 
 
 
 I Am Eric An Artist 
 things I make and do 
 
 About 
 Code 
 Design 
 Art 
 
 Eric Denton // I am Eric an Artist 
 "Native" Nashvillian making my way through the world. 
 Marketing. Graphic Design. Photography. High-end Retouching. UX & UI. Coding. 
 Find me: 
 
 View iamericanartist's profile on Facebook 
 View iamericanartist's profile on Twitter 
 View iamericanartist's profile on Instagram 
 View dentonhead's profile on Pinterest 
 View iamericanartist's profile on LinkedIn 
 View iamericanartist's profile on GitHub 
 
 Tag / getajob 
 November 22, 2016November 22, 2016  by  iamericanartist 
 A Graduation, a Vacation, and a Couple Conferences… 
 
 Code 
 Code ,  getajob 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Another 1am-ish blog posting! 
 November has been a really busy month for me and my family: 
 
 Cohort 14 Coding Bootcamp  wrapped up on November 4th at  Nashville Software School 
 DevOpsDays Nashville  was November 10 and 11, 2016 at  aVenue   in Downtown Nashville where I volunteered at the registration desk. 
 ** NASHVILLE WOMEN PROGRAMMERS  **had their November Meeting: "  Coding Legibly: An Illustrated Guide to Programming Style "  at  Eventbrite  on November 14 where I learned some guidelines for writing readable, maintainable code. 
 NASHVILLE UX  had a really fun "  UX Design Jam  " at  Asurion  on November 17 where we UX'd the heck out of a support staff pain point, and had fun in the meantime. 
 Nodevember  was November 20 and 21 at  Lipscomb University  and proved to me how friendly and welcoming the dev community is. 
 
 In between these social/educational/networking events I took some time to: 
 
 catch up on six months of sleep. 
 vote. 
 have a nice little "staycation" with my wife and 3 month old (3 MONTHS ALREADY!?). 
 plant three red maple trees in the front yard that I've been meaning to do since we moved here a couple years ago. 
 meet some good friends and contacts for lunch or a beer(s) to try to catch up 
 do a lot of "dad-ing" with my little buddy when my wife went back to work after her maternity leave was up. 
 
 Soon we'll gallup into the Holiday season with Thanksgiving and the whole "Black Friday"/"Cyber Monday" shopping insanity! 
 "Needless" to say, I haven't really gotten my job search muscles flexed much yet, and my plan is to really hit the ground running in December (a notoriously slow hiring time of the year)! It's been nice to take a few "slow" weeks after graduation to collect myself and my thoughts, but I'm itching to get out in the real world and make things happen. 
 I'm taking lunch chats, coffee talks, beer breaks, and anything else I can think of with people I admire, past NSS grads, Meetup pals, and more! I really can't wait to get out there and learn more about the possibilities and opportunities that might come down the line. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
