Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Online Math Coach - Remote 
 Prodigy Game 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Prodigy Education connects students, parents, teachers and school districts with resources that promote a lifelong love of learning. Anyone with an internet connection is welcome to create a free account and try the most effective and engaging K-8 math platform in the world. Our business model helps us connect with youth around the world, with over 100 million students now voluntarily practicing math every single day — and enjoying it! 
 At Prodigy Education, we have an incredible team that works tirelessly to turn our goal of making education a human right into a reality. We are immensely grateful for our amazing team and all they do every day. We welcome people who share our passion to join our team, where you will have the opportunity to help an entire generation of students to LOVE learning. 
 Our passion is our mission - to help every student in the world love learning!. 
 Overview: 
Are you a passionate mathematics educator looking for a new challenge with some flexibility? Here at Prodigy, we are establishing a new product to bring effective, fun, 1-to-1 learning to children everywhere! Our Prodigy Math Coaches are exemplary educators who know their math, and know how to make it fun for kids. They are excellent listeners and coaches, enabling students to reach their potential, and assuring parents that their children are building the skills and confidence they need to be successful. 
 Our Math Coaches can work from anywhere they have a stable internet connection. We are looking for a high degree of independence and flexibility and passionate educators. 
 Location* This is a remote contract opportunity, with a commitment of 10 hour/week availability required (with the opportunity for more based on demand) 
 Your Impact: 
You will coach children in mathematics, helping them with homework, building skills, or extending the curriculum 
You will spark joy in learning and math confidence 
You will work with families to define learning goals and report progress on those goals 
You will engage with new clients to understand their needs 
You will contribute to a team and help define and improve our new product 
You will build relationships with children and families and retain clients for the long-term 
 Who You Are: 
You are a certified teacher looking to share your passion for math outside of the classroom 
You have experience in and are qualified to teach grade 1-8 level math 
You have a Windows or a Mac laptop or computer to use for sessions 
You work independently and are adaptable to any situation 
You are an excellent communicator 
You want a role that provides flexibility 
Available to work days, evenings and or weekends 
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Education 
Excellent communication and rapport building skills 
Proficient with technology and online tools (eg. G-suite, Excel) 
Have access to a high quality internet connection 
Have access to a quiet spot from which to tutor 
Have access to a Windows or Mac computer from which to tutor 
Ability to problem solve and work independently 
Customer service mindset 
Exhibit Prodigy values of User-Obsession, Radical Candor, Growth Mindset, Extreme Ownership 
Willingness to learn and work in a hyper-growth company 
You are able to provide us with a Vulnerable Sector Check, completed within the past year 
 Bonus Points For: 
Experience using Prodigy in the classroom 
Understanding of Common Core State Standards and/or American teaching experience 
An interest in educational technology 
Major or Minor in Mathematics (Preferred, but not a must) 
Experience as a tutor (in-person or online) 
 What We Offer: 
Ability to work remotely, from the comfort of your home or anywhere you have a stable wi-fi connection 
Set your own hours 
Opportunity to directly impact students all over the world 
Come work for one of the coolest math education companies on the planet! 
Come as you are. We believe the power of our collective potential will transform education. We are building towards a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace to empower and create access and opportunity for all. We welcome applications from people from all underrepresented groups, including (but not limited to) people of any gender, age, or religion, members of the LGBTQIA2+ community, BIPOC and other underrepresented races and nationalities, people with disabilities, veterans, and anyone who may contribute to the further diversification of Prodigy Education. 
 If you feel like you don’t have all the qualifications for this position, and are willing to use your initiative to learn the rest, we’d still love for you to apply! 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA). Prodigy Game will provide accommodations to job applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require an accommodation, please notify us and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
