CORONAVIRUS UPDATE: New Job Opportunities  |  Local Talent  |  Training & Higher Education  |  Employer Workforce Support 
   
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Find A Job **** 
 
 Current Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 Education / Training 
 Internships 
 Employer Directory 
 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 
 
 Search For Talent 
 
 
 Workforce Resources **** 
 
 Events Calendar 
 Training & Higher Education 
 Job Resources 
 Leadership Development Programs 
 Networking Resources 
 News 
 Employer Workforce Support 
 Young Professional Organizations 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Oh snap! 
 This form seems to be invalid :( 
 Yay! 
 Everything seems to be ok :) 
   
 Executive Director 
 [ 
 Broad Community Connections 
 ](/employer/view/319212) 
 Posted 12/08/2020 
 Go to External Site Application 
 DETAILS 
 __ Orleans 
 __ Full-Time 
 __ Experienced 
 __ Nonprofit / Museums 
 __ Top Executives 
 __ Benefits available 
 SKILLS 
 Nonprofit Leadership 
 Nonprofit Management 
 Social Change 
 Go to External Site Application 
 About Broad Community Connections 
 BCC began at a dining room table when a group of neighbors gathered in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina to bring their neighborhoods together using Broad Street as a conduit. A board was created with representation from MidCity, lower MidCity, Treme, Esplanade Ridge, the Seventh Ward and Bayou St. John. BCC received its 501(C)(3) status in 2008.    The goal was to bring neighborhoods together and provide a way for people from different racial, ethnic, cultural, and socio-economic backgrounds to work together towards common goals. The founders celebrated the diversity of their community and desired to create more health and economic equity within it. They recognized dramatic health disparities on either side of Broad Street resulting in a twenty-year life expectancy difference between primarily white and primarily Black sets of neighborhoods. They shared a vision of developing Broad Street into a place where different people feel comfortable together and to create a vibrant, welcoming environment.    They applied for, and in 2009, received Main Street Status from the state. BCC was able to gain site control of the long vacant, former Schwegmann’s was able to attract Whole Foods Market as its anchor tenant. WFM worked closely with BCC and created a new model, including their 365 Brand at this location and another in Detroit. The grand opening was in February 2014. BCC set out to do a seemingly impossible project and made it happen. Since then BCC has facilitated and enabled significant economic growth, cross-sector collaboration, and health education programming along the North Broad Street corridor.    BCC created and led the ReFresh Collaborative (http://www.refreshnola.org/), a collective impact initiative of 60 cross-sector partners and community members with the goal of achieving health and financial equity along the Broad Street corridor. The ReFresh Collaborative is supported by a three-year grant from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and focuses on: linking local residents to quality health and financial resources; building partnerships across local institutions, including health care, housing, education, grassroots organizations, and small businesses; increasing equitable practices within partner organizations, and; building local community and institutional power to address systems-level inequities affecting low-income residents of color living near the ReFresh Project.    BCC works closely with the businesses along Bayou Road. BCC has been an advocate for these businesses with the City of New Orleans, helping to coordinate façade improvements, streetscape enhancements, creation of a business association and tree plantings. They have supported the businesses in the creation of a business association.    Consistent with their strategy of creating commercial nodes and the development of high impact projects, BCC helped facilitate the redevelopment of the vacant and deconsecrated St. Rose de Lima church campus on Bayou Road. While the actual development was undertaken by the nonprofit Rose Community Development Corporation and the for-profit Alembic Community Development, BCC is acknowledged for playing a significant role in facilitating this project. BCC created the blueprint for the development and brought the development partners together. Members of the BCC board serve on the Rose Community Development board.    Working from the foundation of BCC’s mission the next director will lead the organization to continue to support the equitable growth, revitalization and health of the neighborhood BCC serves.    
 
 To learn more about the employer visit their  profile . 
 CONTACT 
 300 N. Broad Street 
 New Orleans, LA, 70119 
 SIMILAR JOBS 
 There are no similar jobs in the system. 
 For Seekers 
 
 
 Current Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 Internships 
 Employers 
 Training & Higher Education 
 Job Resources 
 Leadership Development Programs 
 Networking Resources 
 Young Professional Organizations 
 
 For Employers 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 Talent Directory 
 
 Other 
 
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Events Calendar 
 FAQ 
 Contact Us 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 Product of GNO Inc. 
 Greater New Orleans, Inc. is a regional economic development alliance serving the 10-parish region of Southeast Louisiana. 
 Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
