Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Investment Banking Analyst, Life Sciences 
 ATB Financial 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Number:  REQ1148 
 Location:  Toronto, ON 
 Apply by:  December 11, 2020 
Full time or Contract 
 ATB Capital Markets is a wholly owned subsidiary of ATB Financial, an Alberta-based institution with offices in Toronto, Calgary, Edmonton and Denver. Together, we represent a highly specialized team of experts who provide a full suite of financial service solutions including: 
 Advice on mergers and acquisitions, divestiture and private equity 
Equity capital, Debt capital and financial markets 
Corporate banking, loan syndications and project finance 
Institutional sales and trading 
Institutional research to leverage industry and sector insight 
 ATB Capital Markets is looking for an Investment Banking Analyst in our Life Sciences group. Life Sciences covers both established and emerging companies across the global cannabis sector in addition to other healthcare and Growth & Innovations companies. 
 This position is based out of Toronto, ON. 
 Requirements 
 Primary duties consist of, but are not limited to: 
Supporting senior bankers on financing and M&A transactions 
Maintaining and developing databases and spreadsheets 
Monitoring capital markets and sector activity 
Researching firms and industry transaction trends 
Constructing financial models and performing pro forma analyses 
Developing presentation materials and transaction documents 
 Role Qualifications/Requirements: 
A university degree with a focus on Finance, Business, Economics, Accounting or Engineering 
CFA, CA, CPA, CBV will be considered an asset 
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, etc.) 
Knowledge of Bloomberg and Factset a plus 
Strong work ethic with an appreciation for schedule uncertainty 
Exceptional attention to detail and commitment to excellence 
Team oriented with the ability to work in an open and unstructured 
 environment 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Clear interest in capital markets with experience being considered a plus 
 At ATB, we know that highly talented people can readily transfer their skills. If you believe your skills and experience are transferable, please consider putting your name in the running. 
 Online applications are preferred, and please let us know if you require any accommodation. 
 Benefits 
 Purpose. Growth. Advancement. Fun. Rewards… learn about our perks and benefits. 
 A little about ATB: 
We are Alberta’s largest, home grown financial institution and for the last 80+ years, we’ve transformed people’s understanding of what banking can–and should–make possible. Today, 5,500+ ATB team members embrace a growth mindset in order to help bring ATB’s story to life, delivering happiness to our customers and team members alike. It’s why we’re also a highly sought after, award-winning employer. The best part is, we’re just getting started. Join us, and create happiness. 
 To learn more about atb, visit atb.com. 
 What happens next? 
 If you make the shortlist for this role, you will hear from us within 10 business days of the posting close date. We will also keep your application on file for future roles that you may wish to consider. 
 We are also an equal opportunity employer. Find out more about what to expect when applying. 
 If your application is shortlisted, we might ask you to participate in a digital interview. 
 Stay in touch! 
 ATB is happy to know you’re interested in a career with us! Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram to get the inside scoop on what our team is up to. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
