Skip to primary content 
 Rotherham Politics 
 Robust scrutiny of all things political around Rotherham and beyond. Speaking truth to power since 2008 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Rotherham Politics 
 Authors 
 
 Cactus 
 Dave Smith 
 Gaa Gaa Lady 
 Ged Dempsey 
 Giles Humphry 
 Hotspot 
 Jake Martinson 
 Jean Genie 
 John Wilkinson 
 Just another ignored constituent 
 Lev Davidovich Bronstein aka Trotsky 
 Malcontent 
 Mary B Josephs 
 Nebuchadnezzar 
 OneLaw4All 
 Rascasse 
 Rik 
 Skywalker 
 Sparrowhawk 
 Thorpe-Salvin-Cake-Eater 
 Unattributed 
 William Ewart 
 Wuff Justice 
 
 
 CSE files 
 
 Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham 2012 
 Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham 2013 
 Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham 2014 
 Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham 2015 
 Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham 2016 
 Documents Relevant Reports 
 Home Affairs Select Committee 
 Sexual harm prevention orders 
 The Andrew Norfolk Archive 
 
 
 CSE News 
 Education 
 Elections 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2010 
 
 Borough Council Elections 2010 Results 
 General Election 2010 Results 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2011 
 
 Borough Council Elections 2011 Results 
 Parish Council Elections 2011 Results 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2012 
 
 Borough Council Election 2012 Results 
 Election Manifesto Library - 2012 
 Rotherham By-Election 2012 
 
 By-Election posts all in one place 
 Previous Results 
 
 
 Rotherham By-Election Result 
 The Runners and Riders 
 The South Yorkshire PCC Elections 
 
 David Allen 
 Jonathan Arnott 
 Nigel Bonson 
 Robert Teal 
 Shaun Wright 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2013 
 
 Maltby Town Council By-Election 
 Rawmarsh Ward By-Election 2013 
 
 Candidates 
 
 BNP: George Baldwin 
 Conservative: Martyn Parker 
 Labour: Lisa Wright 
 Liberals: Mohammed Meharban 
 TUSC: Andrew Gray 
 UKIP: Caven Vines 
 
 
 Election Notices 
 Rawmarsh By-Election 2013 - Result 
 Rotherham Politics By-Election Posts 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2014 
 
 Borough Council Elections 2014 
 
 Pre-Election Campaigning Literature 
 Wards A to H Borough Council Elections 2014 
 
 Anston and Woodsetts Ward 2014 
 
 Anston & Woodsetts previous results 
 Anston & Woodsetts Ward Results 
 
 
 Boston Castle Ward 2014 
 
 Boston Castle previous results 
 Boston Castle Ward Results 
 
 
 Brinsworth and Catcliffe Ward 2014 
 
 Brinsworth & Catcliffe Ward Results 
 Brinsworth and Catcliffe previous results 
 
 
 Dinnington Ward 2014 
 
 Dinnington previous results 
 Dinnington Ward Results 
 
 
 Hellaby Ward 2014 
 
 Hellaby previous results 
 Hellaby Ward Results 
 
 
 Holderness Ward 2014 
 
 Holderness previous results 
 Holderness Ward Results 
 
 
 Hoober Ward 2014 
 
 Hoober previous results 
 Hoober Ward Results 
 
 
 
 
 Wards K to Silverwood Borough Council Elections 2014 
 
 Keppel Ward 2014 
 
 Keppel previous results 
 Keppel Ward Results 
 
 
 Maltby Ward 2014 
 
 Maltby previous results 
 Maltby Ward Results 
 
 
 Rawmarsh Ward 2014 
 
 Rawmarsh previous results 
 Rawmarsh Ward Results 
 
 
 Rother Vale Ward 2014 
 
 Rother Vale previous results 
 Rother Vale Ward Results 
 
 
 Rotherham East Ward 2014 
 
 Rotherham East previous results 
 Rotherham East Ward Results 
 
 
 Rotherham West Ward 2014 
 
 Rotherham West previous results 
 Rotherham West Results 
 
 
 Silverwood Ward 2014 
 
 Silverwood previous results 
 Silverwood Ward Results 
 
 
 
 
 Wards Sitwell to Wingfield Borough Council Elections 2014 
 
 Sitwell Ward 2014 
 
 Sitwell previous results 
 Sitwell Ward Results 
 
 
 Swinton Ward 2014 
 
 Swinton previous results 
 Swinton Ward Results 
 
 
 Valley Ward 2014 
 
 Valley previous results 
 Valley Ward Results 
 
 
 Wales Ward 2014 
 
 Wales previous results 
 Wales Ward Results 
 
 
 Wath Ward 2014 
 
 Wath previous results 
 Wath Ward Results 
 
 
 Wickersley Ward 2014 
 
 Wickersley previous results 
 Wickersley Ward Results 
 
 
 Wingfield Ward 2014 
 
 Wingfield previous results 
 Wingfield Ward Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dinnington St. John’s Town Council By-Election 18th December 2014 
 
 Candidate Statement - Colin Salt 
 Candidate Statement - Dave Smith 
 Dinnington Town Council By-Election Result 
 
 
 European Parliament Elections 2014 
 
 BNP 
 Conservatives 
 Greens 
 Independence from Europe 
 Labour 
 Liberal Democrats 
 UKIP 
 
 
 Fair Votes in 2014 
 
 Bad Habits? 
 Election Offences Resources 
 
 
 Maltby Town Council By-Election March 27th 2014 
 The South Yorkshire PCC By-Election 2014 
 
 English Democrats - David Allen 
 Labour - Alan Billings 
 UKIP - Jack Clarkson 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2015 
 
 Rotherham General Election 2015 Party Manifestos 
 
 Rother Valley Constituency 
 
 Rother Valley Election Notices 
 Rother Valley Previous Results 1997-2010 
 
 
 Rotherham Constituency 
 
 Rotherham Constituency Previous Results 1997-2012 
 Rotherham Election Notices 
 
 
 Wentworth & Dearne Constituency 
 
 Wentworth & Dearne Constituency Previous Results 1997-2010 
 Wentworth & Dearne Election Notices 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham Local Elections 2015 
 
 Focus on Anston & Woodsetts 
 Focus on Boston Castle 
 Focus on Brinsworth and Catcliffe 
 Focus on Dinnington 
 Focus on Hellaby 
 Focus on Holderness 
 Focus on Hoober 
 Focus on Keppel 
 Focus on Maltby 
 Focus on Rawmarsh 
 Focus on Rother Vale 
 Focus on Rotherham East 
 Focus on Rotherham West 
 Focus on Silverwood 
 Focus on Sitwell 
 Focus on Swinton 
 Focus on Valley 
 Focus on Wales 
 Focus on Wath 
 Focus on Wickersley 
 Focus on Wingfield 
 
 
 Rotherham Parish/Town Council Elections 2015 
 Tales From The Stump 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2016 
 
 2016 Election Snippets 
 2016 elections due dilgence files 
 Police & Crime Commissioner Elections 2016 
 
 Alan Billings Labour 
 Gavin Felton UKIP 
 
 
 The Rotherham Local Elections 2016 All in one place! 
 
 Focus on Anston & Woodsetts Ward 2016 
 Focus on Boston Castle Ward 2016 
 Focus on Brinsworth and Catcliffe Ward 2016 
 Focus on Dinnington Ward 2016 
 Focus on Hellaby Ward 2016 
 Focus on Holderness Ward 2016 
 Focus on Hoober Ward 2016 
 Focus on Keppel Ward 2016 
 Focus on Maltby Ward 2016 
 Focus on Rawmarsh Ward 2016 
 Focus on Rother Vale Ward 2016 
 Focus on Rotherham East Ward 2016 
 Focus on Rotherham West Ward 2016 
 Focus on Silverwood Ward 2016 
 Focus on Sitwell Ward 2016 
 Focus on Swinton Ward 2016 
 Focus on Valley Ward 2016 
 Focus on Wales Ward 2016 
 Focus on Wath Ward 2016 
 Focus on Wickersley Ward 2016 
 Focus on Wingfield Ward 2016 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham Elections 2017 
 
 Brinsworth & Catcliffe By-Election 2nd Feb 2017 
 
 Brinsworth & Catcliffe By-Election Posts 
 
 
 Dinnington By-Election 2nd Feb 2017 
 
 Dinnington By-Election Posts 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham General Election 2017 
 
 Rother Valley Constituency 2017 
 
 Conservative Party Rother Valley election materials 
 Green Party Rother Valley election materials 
 Labour Rother Valley election materials 
 Liberal Democrat Rother Valley election materials 
 UKIP Rother Valley election materials 
 
 
 Rotherham Constituency 2017 
 
 Conservative Party Rotherham election materials 
 Labour Rotherham election materials 
 Liberal Democrats Rotherham election materials 
 UKIP Rotherham election materials 
 Yorkshire Party Rotherham election materials 
 
 
 Wentworth & Dearne Constituency 
 
 Conservative Wentworth & Dearne election materials 
 Labour Wentworth & Dearne election materials 
 LibDems Wentworth & Dearne election materials 
 
 
 YouGov opinion polls General Election 2017 
 
 
 Rotherham General Election Results 1997- 2010 
 
 
 Environment 
 Legless in Rotherham 
 Planning 
 RikiLeaks 
 RikiLinks Section 
 
 Local Websites 
 Newspapers & News Media 
 
 Broadcast News 
 Internet News 
 Newspapers International 
 Newspapers Local and Regional Rest of UK: 
 Newspapers Local and Regional, Yorkshire: 
 Newspapers National: 
 
 
 Political Info 
 
 Campaigning Organisations 
 Dearne Valley Information 
 Elections Information 
 Independent Group Websites 
 Local Government 
 MEPs for Yorkshire and the Humber: 
 Political Party/Groups Active in Rotherham 
 Political Party/Groups National Sites 
 Politicians Websites 
 Rotherham Members of Parliament 
 
 
 Think Tanks 
 Trades Unions 
 UK Citizens Online Democracy – Information at your fingertips. 
 
 
 Rotherham in Parliament 
 
 John Healey 
 Kevin Barron 
 RMBC MP liaison meeting papers 
 Sarah Champion 
 
 Important links 
 Sarah Champion Sacking 
 
 
 
 
 Rotherham KipLibel Papers 
 
 Barron & Healey vs Vines 
 
 Barron & Healey Court Papers 
 Barron & Healey vs Vines Judgments 
 Police complaints Vines re Barron & Healey 
 Vines Court Papers 
 
 
 Barron, Champion & Healey vs Collins 
 
 Barron, Champion & Healey Court Papers 
 Collins Court Papers 
 Judgments Barron, Healey & Champion vs Collins 
 Police complaints Collins re Barron, Healey & Champion 
 
 
 Election 2015 Election Expenses Declarations 
 Election 2017 Election Expenses Declarations 
 
 
 Rotherham's Comedy Club 
 The Rotherham Mayoralty Files 
 
 How Much Does The Mayoralty Cost Us? 
 Past Mayors of Rotherham 
 
 
 Webcasts 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Hospital job for our very own Mark Edgell!!! 
 Posted on  June 30, 2012  by   Rik 
 Dear Rotherham Politics Readers, 
 It was with a sense of disappointment, but not disbelief that I read this recent article in the "Star" -  http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/health/hospital-job-for-ex-council-boss-1-4679759 
 It seems there's no limit to the extent to which Rovrum's Corn Fed Grunters, Muppets and Clowns will put both feet into the civic trough to find an easy feed at taxpayer expense. Not for them a lowly-paid hard-working job, no way Comrade, no way at all. 
 I would be interested, overjoyed and full of happiness to find out just what special talents, abilities, lifes experiences and commitments this latest drain on the public purse will bring to the Board of Rotherham Hospital Foundation Trust. 
 We must be getting pretty desperate to be taking on such parachute champions. 
 Kind Regards, 
 Grald-Hunter 
 Previously on Rotherham Politics:  Where are they now – Mark Edgell? 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  GraldHunter ,  Greedy Piggies  and tagged  Labour ,  Labour Chicanery ,  Labour Party ,  Mark Edgell ,  NHS ,  RDGH ,  RMBC  by  Rik . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 19 thoughts on "Hospital job for our very own Mark Edgell!!!" 
 
 Aneurin Bevan on  June 30, 2012 at 11:30 pm  said: 
 
 Deep-joy! 
 Great news if you are about to be admitted to RDGH, a former RMBC Leader, now working for the Local Government Association and a Non-Executive Director at Magna, the executive board will run rings round him. 
 I have absolutely no confidence that he will be able to challenge the overpaid board directors on matters such as their poor survival rates for Colorectal Cancer, frontline cuts in medical and nursing staff and their systematic vandalism of community based services. 
 The directors spend more time debating the style of leather seats in their new NHS funded company cars than they do discussing patient care and safety. 
 Looking at the background of the trusts Non-Executive Directors I thought it couldn’t get any worse it just has. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Trambuster  on  July 1, 2012 at 12:59 am  said: 
 
 Edgell said: “I have a deep commitment to Rotherham and am passionate about helping local people to enjoy high quality public services.” 
 Er, is that a similar "commitment" to the one where he previously committed hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of local peoples' money, to funding the Supertram consultants to produce a scheme that had no credibility or substance and which was exposed and ridiculed ceaselessly and remorselessly by the residents of Bramley, Wickersley, Brecks and Whiston. And which was back heeled by the Government as a result of the exposure of his inept aspirations? 
 Is that really the quality of person, the local people of Rotherham deserve? 
 Readers might recall also, that it's only a few months since Edgell's mates at Rotherham Council were exposed by a local resident, whereby they were intending to relieve the hospital of a huge wedge of patient funding, just so the hospital could be granted planning permission to build a desperately needed car park. 
 Well my goodness, it's going to interesting to monitor Edgell's loyalties over the tenure of his 'non-executive directorship'. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Lallocks on  July 1, 2012 at 7:22 pm  said: 
 
 "I have a deep commitment to Rotherham and am passionate about helping local people to enjoy high quality public services.” 
 Did he get this off the "how to write a CV" website? If he's so passionate, then he should resign from the post and make sure the money is used for something useful. How is it possible that this kind of cronyism is still rife in Rotherham? 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Trambuster  on  July 1, 2012 at 7:51 pm  said: 
 
 Cher monsieur Lallocks 
Parce que, plus ça change plus c'est la même chose 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Cas on  July 2, 2012 at 1:59 pm  said: 
 
 This kind of cronyism exists in Rotherham because of the Labour party and their union backers 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 * Jan Forrest on [December 6, 2016 at 12:22 am](https://rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/hospital-job-for-our-very-own-mark-edgell/#comment-60736) said:
 
 When referring to Labour in such contexts please confine your comments to the 'New Labour' as led by that lying, thieving, warmongering waste of space, Tony B liar. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
   * Colin Tawn on [December 6, 2016 at 12:32 pm](https://rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/hospital-job-for-our-very-own-mark-edgell/#comment-60741) said:
 
 'please confine your comments to the ‘New Labour’ as led by that lying, thieving, warmongering waste of space, Tony B liar.' 
As opposed to the Hamas and Castro supporting ill dressed Marxist Supreme Leader of the Labour party Corbyn who has never uttered one word of rebuke to RMBC for the sloppy way they tried to cover up CSE or refuse to suspend a convicted sex pest from the chamber? 
 You obviously think Corbyn has improved the Labour party. 
Read and understand this: 
 http://order-order.com/2016/12/06/two-thirds-union-members-think-corbyn-badly/#disqus_thread 
While you digest the information ask yourself why the Labour candidate only managed to persuade 3% of the voters in Richmond last week? (In a Remain stronghold) 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
     * Jan Forrest on [December 6, 2016 at 1:18 pm](https://rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/hospital-job-for-our-very-own-mark-edgell/#comment-60742) said:
 
 The attitude to Castro has little to do with politics. He's lauded and condemned from both sides. I think he was a monster, but everyone is entitled to his/her opinion no matter how stupid it might be, 
Sex pests in the chamber? Has any party got off its arse and done … anything? 
I suppose you're one of those elitist cocks that think an MP shouldn't be seen in The House unless wearing a morning suit and a top hat. Idiot. 
Richmond? You win some, you lose some. It's as if leaving the field to the Lib Dems that believe Socialism is wrong wouldn't give the wrong impression. 
I've lived in the Rotherham area for nearly all my 66 years and seen it rise to heights under Labour and sink to lows under New Labour (also known as Tory Lite). 
 In passing: That argument about Jeremy Corbyn;s lack of popularity is a lie spread by those who would have ousted him for being left wing. They prefer their snouts in the trough and wish to ignore his OVERHWELMING mandate from the voting membership who backed him the first time and gave him a larger majority after the ill considered vote of 'no confidence'. Obviously led by those whose snouts would be lifted from that trough and forced to actually represent the populace rather than just lining their pockets. 
 Like Like 
 
 Michael Sylvester on  July 2, 2012 at 10:09 pm  said: 
 
 An excellent appointment of somebody who has an excellent track record of sorting poorly run councils out well done RHFT 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 * graldhunter on [July 2, 2012 at 11:52 pm](https://rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/hospital-job-for-our-very-own-mark-edgell/#comment-3918) said:
 
 Que? 
 WTF? 
 As John McEnroe was once heard to scream: "You cannot me effin serious man, are you effin blind?" 
 He has a pee-poor track record of parachuting into Rovrum, and that's all. Nowt else. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 CAS on  July 4, 2012 at 6:18 pm  said: 
 
 Mr Sylvester is remarkably restrained. Is he hoping for a council seat next year or does he know another Mark Edgell? 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Terry Tibbs on  July 4, 2012 at 6:38 pm  said: 
 
 Has Mr Sylvester Joined the Labour Party? 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 CAS on  July 4, 2012 at 6:43 pm  said: 
 
 That is a very good question 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 trambuster  on  July 4, 2012 at 6:54 pm  said: 
 
 Yes he has, oh he's pulled, oh he's joined up again, oh he's gone independent, oh he's Laybah again, oh he's a parish councillor, oh ….. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 graldhunter on  July 4, 2012 at 6:58 pm  said: 
 
 Mr Sylvester has been in more parties than Da Dodger's done junkets, and he's had more cap badges than Field Marshal Bernard L. Montgomery. 
 In one sense Mr Sylvester must be the most experienced and unsuccessful politician in Rovrum's entire history - "most experienced" as he's been a member of most, and "unsuccessful" as he ain't yet found a permanent political roost in which to bed down. 
 He is though, by virtue, a deeply passionate Rovrum resident, voter and ratepayer who cares about the appalling state of the sty which Rovrum's Corn Fed Grunters, Muppets and Clowns have created down at Town Hall Towers. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 CAS on  July 4, 2012 at 10:41 pm  said: 
 
 Sent to me by a relative from Facebook 
 Michael Sylvester to Mark Edgell 
 enjoy 😉  https://rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/hospital-job-for-our-very-own-mark-edgell/#comment-3916 
Hospital job for our very own Mark Edgell!!! 
rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com 
Dear Rotherham Politics Readers, It was with a sense of disappointment, but not disbelief that I read this recent article in the “Star” –  http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/health/hosp …..Share · See friendship · Monday at 22:11 · 
 Mark Edgell cheers Michael. hadnt seen this. Thanks for your comments. There are some sad people about, who know so little (as far as i can see the appointment was made by the governors not the union backers of labour, plus it's difficult to parachute into Rotherham when you already live here!!!). Hope you had a good night out on Saturday, sorry I couldnt have been there, see you soon13 hours ago 
. 
 Michael Sylvester No worries have tried getting some reasoned debate going on this site but crashed and burned so far2 hours ago via Mobile. 
. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 * graldhunter on [July 4, 2012 at 11:00 pm](https://rotherhampolitics.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/hospital-job-for-our-very-own-mark-edgell/#comment-3989) said:
 
 CAS, Michael Sylvester, Mark Edgell et-al, 
 Ho ho ho ho ho, he he he he he, you can be sure that Town Hall Towers and RMBC Elected Members and Officers aren't as tight as GCHQ - you are surrounded by spies, informants, snouts, traitors and also those with an eye for an opportunity to humiliate and ridicule you … 
 Praise Be To The Almighty for the power of the internet to inform active and empowered citizens across Rovrum who no longer have to rely on sanitised versions of what's going on a la "Rovrum News" with its bouncing babbiz stories and wall-2-wall smiles and gud newz storiz. 
 We're watching yaz and we're listening in … 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 CAS on  July 4, 2012 at 10:43 pm  said: 
 
 gradhunter, Iwould have agreed with you but after seeing the above I am not so sure any more. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Colin Tawn on  December 6, 2016 at 1:38 pm  said: 
 
 ' wish to ignore his OVERHWELMING mandate from the voting membership who backed him. 
Err, yes and no. He has not got an overwhelming mandate from the voters has he? It is the electorate who decides which party should form a government not 250,000 signed up members meeting in halls planning and plotting the People's Revolution. 
 Don't refer to me as an 'Idiot', it is a sign you're losing the plot. 
 'Sex pests in the chamber? Has any party got off its arse and done … anything?' 
If you read this forum regularly and correctly you would know Cllr. Allen Cowles has proposed a motion calling for Roddison to be suspended. 
 Before you break into a sweat pounding your keyboard the next time you read a comment you disagree with do more research and learn to moderate your language, it saves me having to embarrass you. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave your comment  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
