Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Incident Response Specialists 
 Bombardier 
 __Dorval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Incident Response Specialists-MON17421 
 Description 
 BOMBARDIER 
 At Bombardier, our employees work together to evolve mobility worldwide - one good idea at a time. If you have a good idea, we’ll provide the environment where it will thrive and grow into a great product or customer experience. Your ideas are our fuel. 
 In your role, you will: 
 
 Lead high severity security incidents from discovery to closure and inform stakeholders about data breaches. 
 Gather, analyze and maintain forensics to support investigative, risk and mitigation efforts. 
 Develop comprehensive incident reports and investigation summaries. Execute lessons learnt with incident responds teams and propose improvements on procedures and security controls. 
 Develop, mature and streamline incident response playbooks. 
 Ensure that incident response requirements are captured and delivered by the security program. 
 
 Qualifications 
 As our ideal candidate, 
 
 You have a bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Science or relevant field of study 
 You have 7 years hands-on experience responding to cyber-attacks and significant experience in the following areas: Network security monitoring, host-based live response & analysis, event log-based detection & analyse, 
 You have advanced knowledge of common attack methods and their detection techniques. 
 You have advanced knowledge of network traffic analysis, related tools 
 You have experience with malware analysis concepts and ability to perform basic static and dynamic analysis 
 You have highly Skilled with log analysis tools, correlation rules, and managing dashboards 
 
 Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities to apply. 
 Whether your candidacy is moving on to the next step of the hiring process or not, we will keep you informed by email or by phone. Join us at careers.bombardier.com 
 Your ideas move people. 
 #LI-RK1 
 Job:  Information Systems and Information Technologies 
 Primary Location:  CA-QC-Montreal Dorval 
 Organization:  Aerospace 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Posting:  01.10.2020, 10:45:04 AM 
 Unposting Date:  Ongoing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
