Skip to content 
   
  La Femme Exec 
 Empowering Black Millennial Women to Own their Careers 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Who We Are 
 Black Girl Magic 
 Contact 
 
   
 Founder ,  Lady Bosses ,  Media & Enterainment 
 Career Conversations with Alia J. Daniels 
 February 24, 2018September 19, 2018   Jasmine Mbadugha 
 We were interested in Alia’s career journey on how she merged her two passions into a successful career! **** From a very young age, Alia J. Daniels has been captivated with the entertainment industry. Determined to make an impact, Alia equipped herself with bachelor's degrees in Music and Communications Studies with a Mass Media emphasis, and a Juris Doctorate from Loyola Law School. As a business and entertainment attorney, Alia has not only represented clients in the digital entertainment and tech space, but is a featured speaker on legal and business issues in the digital entertainment arena. Since 2015, Alia has been consistently named to the prestigious Southern California Rising Stars list by Super Lawyers for four years in a row. 
 Today, Alia has found her niche at the intersection of entrepreneurship, digital media and law as Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer for Revry, a global queer digital media network where she oversees the content and marketing departments, as well as executive produces several podcasts. She is the Co-Festival Director for OWF (Out Web Fest), the first queer web festival dedicated to highlighting short form content made by and for the global LGBTQ+ community. Her dedication to inclusion within the Queer and Allied community is a cornerstone of Alia's personal mission to create avenues for authentic representation in media. 
 Revry 
 Revry is the premiere digital media network for the inclusive 21st century queer community. As the first-ever global queer streaming service, Revry offers its members a uniquely curated selection of domestic and international entertainment that includes iconic narrative and documentary films, cutting-edge series, groundbreaking podcasts, music albums and videos, and originals. Revry is available worldwide on seven OTT, mobile, and online platforms, and hosts an exclusive linear channel on Pluto TV. Headquartered in Los Angeles, Revry’s queer and multi-ethnic team brings decades of experience in the fields of tech, digital media, and queer advocacy. 
 What sparked your interest in entertainment and law? 
 I’ve always loved entertainment and knew I would work in the industry, it was just a matter of figuring out how. When I graduated from college, I started as a receptionist at a law firm. Even though I used to tell my family when I was a kid I wanted to be a lawyer, I never really had the intention of doing it. It was while working at the law firm, however, that I discovered how interesting law really was and I decided that I would strive to merge together my ambition for entertainment and law. 
 When you were starting out in the entertainment law industry did you see black women you could identify with in terms of career success? 
 I was incredibly lucky, there were a few black women who I personally worked with during an internship that I had with NBC-Universal that were amazing to interact with and who inspired me. 
 As an SME, how do you go about finding new clients? 
 We attract our customers by providing inclusive, authentic content from different perspectives within the queer community. 
 How did your career in corporate America prepare you for leading REVRY? 
 It absolutely helped to influence how I lead as a Co-Founder and COO. Entertainment and Corporate America can be so cut throat and that is simply not how I operate. I’ve always commanded, not demanded, respect but that never takes place in the “traditional Hollywood” ways (i.e. yelling at people or being disrespectful). In fact, I operate from the opposite place. I never consider Revry employees to work for us, they work with us. We are building something amazing to serve the entire queer community and we are doing it together. 
 What does an executive woman mean to you? 
 Being an executive woman to me means owning my power and not apologizing for it. That power shows up for me as not conforming into the stereotype of what people expect of me as a lawyer, a black woman and an executive. 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postHow ELyse Fox is Innovating the Way Black Millennial Women Talk about Mental Health 
 Next postCareer Crush : Bisila Bokoko 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Tweets 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Category Cloud 
 Beauty   Consulting   Consumer Goods   Diversity & Inclusion   Entrepreneur   Fashion   Finance   forbes30u30   Founder   Girls Who Code   Lady Bosses   Media & Enterainment   Mental Health   Millenial Lady Boss   millennial lady bosses   Millennials   Public Relations   Social Impact   Technology   Uncategorized   Women in Business   Women in Fashion   Women in Law   Women in Media   Women in Medicine   Women in Policy   Women in Retail   Women in Science   Women in Sports   Women in Tech 
 Copyright. La Femme Exec 2018 
 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Facebook  
 
 Future Lady Bosses 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe :) 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
