
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Karat (W20) 
 The black card for creators. 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 
 Location 
 Los Angeles / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Karat 
 We're Karat. We're building the black card for creators (YouTubers, Instagrammers, Twitch streamers). 
 Banks don't understand creators today and are ill-equipped to serve this demographic. You could have millions of fans, make six or seven digit figures, and still be unable to access typical financial products from your average bank. 
 Our team comes from Instagram and Goldman Sachs and we understand these creators are businesses with real income streams along with predictive metrics like fan base, growth, and engagement. 
 We're backed by investors like YC, Coatue, CRV, Signalfire, and the cofounder of Twitch, and are hiring folks interested in building products at the intersection of fintech and media. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  MongoDB, Node.js, React 
 We're building a bank for digital creators. 
 Banks don't understand creators today. Our customers create content for millions as a full time career but receive poor service and terrible rates from banks, wasting them both time and money. We're building a bank for digital content creators across Instagram, YouTube, Twitch and TikTok, providing them with better rates and savings as their followings grow. We're looking for hungry and ambitious engineers to help us! 
 Why Karat? 
 
 
 Huge opportunity.  Over the past decade, we've seen the democratization of content creation and user-generated content, in part due to platforms such as Instagram and TikTok. Creators have built deeply engaged communities that support their work in a way we've never seen before. As they grow as a business, they need better banking tools and financial products. 
 
 
 Fascinating problems.  Where else do you get to discuss the most recent TikTok trends and the right way to build a financial product in the same day? Financial tools are complicated and creators need a simple experience. Help us bridge the two worlds! 
 
 
 The right team.  Our team has worked at the largest investment banks (Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley), investment managers (Blackstone, TPG) and social networks (Instagram). We started this company because we want to leverage our experiences to help creators - and hope you do too! 
 
 
 Culture.  We love hanging out with board games, delicious dinners, and brisk hikes as much as we enjoy delving into personal philosophy, management theory, and nitty gritty business details. Don't be afraid to bring yourself to work! 
 
 
 Resources and growth.  We're well capitalized with $4.6M in seed funding from world-class investors including Twitch co-founder Kevin Lin, SignalFire, Y Combinator, CRV, Coatue and more. We keep a lean team, and this is a rare opportunity to join us - you'll learn a lot, build cool products, and grow as our company scales! 
 
 
 What You'll Do 
 
 Help build zero to one product: conceptualizing, designing, and coding - solving problems that span multiple domains. For example, building a decoupled debit card from scratch, analytics tools to help influencers understand their finances, and savings accounts 
 Refine current product: building new functionality, refactoring and improving usability and performance. For example, improving our charge card onboarding flow 
 Create internal tooling that helps us support creators. For example, tools that help with customer support and operations or dashboards that help us understand influencer spending behavior 
 Refine our underwriting algorithm, helping us to assess digital creators as businesses and to understand the links between social and financial data 
 Lead integrations with our financial and banking partners. For example, building a Karat savings account product while leveraging a partner's core banking technology 
 Help drive company and product strategy as we change how creators and influencers do business 
 
 What You'll Need 
 
 Ability to learn quickly 
 Enjoy picking up new technologies and languages on the go 
 A love for solving difficult problems with a team of smart peers 
 You're user focused - you love talking to users, learning their pain points, and brainstorming how best to solve their problems 
 Prior experience building web applications that have grown quickly and scaled to handle many users 
 Fluency with React and consider yourself full-stack. 
 Bonus: you're knowledgeable and have previously worked in fintech, with influencers or at a startup 
 
 Even if you don't necessarily meet all of these qualifications, please reach out! We're always on the search for great talent and would love to get to know you! 
 Karat Benefits 
 
 Competitive compensation and equity 
 Health insurance 
 Flexible and remote work culture 
 Meet with and build for your favorite creators 
 
 This is a full-time role. We're based in SF and LA, but we're remote-friendly! 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Karat 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Designer 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 PM 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Operations 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Sales 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
