Skip to content 
 
 Infertility Coping 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 
   
 Tag: career 
 When the glass is always half empty 
 I've been feeling a lot more down lately- mainly defeated and frustrated. Maybe it's just PMS. Maybe it's because it was just Mother's Day. Whatever the reason, I am failing to see the good in things, and that is not the "old me." And since I am starting a new cycle, I really need to be in a better frame of mind. So I write this post for selfish reasons, as a way to help myself. 
 I'm still trying to improve my wellness- eating better, working out, meditating- but this time I have so many other things going on in my personal life that I just feel overwhelmed. Most things are good things, but I am getting hung up on the deadlines. I will be "graduating" my current job and moving on to a new one, which is great! But now I have to wrap things up with my current job and get onboarded with my new one. It seems like every day I have more tasks added to my to-do list. I also have to go house hunting since I will be moving to a new state. It was fun in the beginning but once we involved our parents it became way too many cooks in the kitchen. I can't afford the house I want, which is frustrating because I put in so many years into my education and training, yet it seems I would have been better off getting a job straight out of college. I have a few conferences lined up where I will be speaking, which is also exciting, but that also means working on my speech and presentations. All this during a second round of IVF. During my first round of IVF, I was pretty relaxed and hopeful. Now, I feel super tense and doubtful. I don't know if I am doing this as a defense mechanism, like if I expect to fail, then maybe I won't be as upset if I do fail. But this is such negativity! And I don't like it. I literally have to remind myself about all the good things in my life to temporarily get out of my negative state. But the negativity always comes back. 
 Well, this didn't particularly lift my spirits, but it did give me an outlet to vent. Thanks for listening. 
 Author   infertilitycopingj Posted on  May 14, 2019 Categories  awareness ,  infertility ,  ivf ,  Uncategorized Tags  career ,  health ,  infertility ,  ivf ,  support ,  vent ,  wellness Leave a comment on When the glass is always half empty 
 Search for: Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 31 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 
 Infertility Coping   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
