
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Set Your Career Goals for 2020…NOW!   
 Professional Development 
 
 As the year winds down, it’s time to reflect and decide what you want to accomplish in the following 365 days. To give yourself the best chance at success, don’t wait until the final days of the year to determine what you want to do. Here are the best ways to begin setting your 2020 career goals now. 
 
 Make your list and check it twice 
 Sure, this sounds like a Santa Claus technique, but it works! When you make a list of goals that are too long and potentially unattainable, it can make you lose focus on everything else. Once you realize you won’t achieve them all, you stop working toward any. 
 Make a complete list of what you want to do, and then narrow it down. Ideally, a number around three is your best chance for success. This way, instead of spreading yourself thin to accomplish a lot of things, you’re giving your best effort to what matters most. 
 Set benchmarks to help you succeed 
 Three goals are good, but you want to figure out how you’re going to get there. By creating a plan with benchmarks along the way, you’re giving yourself a way to track the progress made and feel good on the journey instead of being disappointed the destination is so far away. 
 There are no steps too small for this – anything you can cross off toward a goal is a great way to feel like you’re getting closer. 
 Learn from those you envy 
 In most situations, the shade of envy is an unflattering color, but when applied appropriately, it can help you succeed. Consider people in your life who are doing what you want to do and achieving what you’d like to achieve. How are they doing it? What are they doing to improve? If you don’t know exactly how to start your goals, model the behaviors of someone who’s getting it right, which can begin to direct your steps. 
 Being 2020 with a new career 
 Maybe, after setting your goals, you realize a new career is your next step to success. If this is where you’re at, let Workbox Staffing help you take the next step and work with you to find a better tomorrow.  Request a call  today to get started! 
 
 December 3, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Ann Arbor Staffing Agencies ,  How to Set Career Goals ,  Improve Career ,  Professional Development ,  Setting Career Goals 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/591733_EEM-Workbox-Staffing-FB_Set-Your-Career-Goals-for-2020-NOW_112519.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-12-03 11:00:302019-12-02 15:20:39Set Your Career Goals for 2020…NOW! 
 You might also like 
   How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search   
   What Shift is Right for You?   
   How to Change the Way Your Employees View Safety   
   Bad Work Habits You Should Leave in 2018   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  Busting The Most Common Staffing Agency Myths   How To Plan A Holiday Party Employees Will Actually Attend  
 Scroll to top 
