Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 From Jobless Paddy to working for Paddy Power - great news! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 I joined a Facebook group a while back called  Jobless Paddy  . 
 
 Feilim story  ( like many others) is like this : 
 
 Having tried and failed for months and exhausted all traditional job hunting avenues, I have decided to have one last throw of the dice to remain in Ireland before I am forced to look elsewhere for work and to develop myself professionally. 
 I have experienced the constant rejection and frustration that comes with being unemployed. I feel restricted at only having a cover letter and a two page document to express my capabilities and I am longing to once again experience the dignity that comes from work. 
 I do not adhere to the almost universal consensus that any young unemployed person must leave the country to have any hope of prospering. Experience overseas has led me to a greater appreciation of our country, culture, and way of life. I would like to stay and be part of this country's recovery, so please spread the word. 
 Go raibh míle maith agaibh. 
 
 So Feilim spent his last 2 000 Euros , erecting the below billboard around Dublin. 
 
 Since he erected the signs, he's had a bunch of interviews( I think he mentioned well over 20 interviews!) and I just read today on his facebook page he has accepted a joboffer to work for Paddy Power. 
 Well done Feilim! 
 What a great start to the WE! 
 Katleen 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,366 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
