Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Store Manager 
 Roots 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 114 - Trinity Common, 30 Great Lakes Dr., Brampton, Ontario, Canada Req #863 
Wednesday, March 6, 2019 
 WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR? 
 The Assistant Manager supports the daily operations of the store while acting in accordance to Roots principles and standards. The Assistant Manager is required to provide sales and customer service leadership to employees and project the Roots culture and brand through both excellent customer service and strong visual presentation techniques. Reporting directly to the Store Manager, the Assistant Manager oversees the daily operations of the store and drives the business and develops their people through a balanced leadership style. They are able to lead and create an overall positive customer and employee experience. 
 To be successful, you’ll need to possess: 
2 + years related experience in a retail apparel environment, luxury retail experience is a plus; 
Be a leader that drives results, develops talent, and focuses on the customer; 
Demonstrated sales achievements in a retail store; 
Strong organization, and problem solving skills; 
Passion for upholding an exceptional customer experience; 
Experience with visual planning and merchandising; 
Collaborate with others, yet be self-motivated; 
Outstanding written, verbal, and presentation skills; 
Available for varied weekly shifts, including weekends, closing and holidays. 
 THE IMPACT YOU'LL HAVE 
 This is an opportunity to shape our company’s future by: 
Demonstrate a customer obsessed selling culture and build brand loyalty through excellent product knowledge; 
Assisting the Store Manager in the achievement of the store sales budgets through execution of company standards, policies and procedures while exceeding customers' expectations through superior service at every opportunity; 
Supporting the Store Manager in providing product knowledge and selling skills training to new and existing staff; 
Ensure store and team members are presented to the highest possible standards in line with brand expectation, and provide feedback regularly to Store Manager on performance opportunities; 
Coaches and motivates associates on customer service fundamentals and provides positive feedback; 
Assisting the Store Manager in the execution of all recruitment activities, and new hire onboarding; 
Identify and resolve problems in a timely manner. Use feedback to modify and develop alternative solutions and be prepared to make decisions; 
Oversees and delegates tasks to team to best maximize efficiency of store operations; 
Collaborate with Store Manager in areas of risk management, physical security (health & safety), store cash controls (bank deposits, safe funds, petty cash), and inventory management (stock take, stock counts) 
Perform and supervise store opening and closing procedures including counting register funds, completing bank deposits, opening and closing registers and securing facility 
Ensure visual merchandising directives are implemented efficiently as per direction and visual standards are maintained at all times 
Partner with Store Manager on all daily store operations to support a sales environment and achieve operational & LP guidelines to protect Roots merchandise and assets; 
Health and Safety in the workplace applies to everyone at Roots 
 WHY JOIN ROOTS? 
Roots is not only a brand, it’s a culture and lifestyle. We look for dynamic individuals who are not only interested in retail and fashion, but who enjoy challenges and share our vision for a safer, cleaner, healthier planet. 
 In addition to our customers, an intrinsic part of our success has always been the people who work here. Roots is a company in which you can grow and benefit from the great opportunities often available. All members of our team are encouraged to ‘spread their roots’. 
 SOUND LIKE YOU? APPLY NOW! 
 We’d like to thank everyone who applies, but we can only contact applicants who are most qualified. 
 Roots Corporation offers a culture that fosters inclusion and respect. We are committed to providing accessible employment practices, in compliance with the AODA. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process, applicants are asked to make their needs/requirements known. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Salary 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
