
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Turing Labs Inc. (W20) 
 AI for R&D of consumer brands like P&G to develop better products 
 Senior full-stack software engineer (backend specialist)-part of leadership team 
 $100k - $150k • 0.50% - 2.00% 
 Location 
 San Francisco, New York, Toronto (Canada) / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Turing Labs Inc. 
 Do you want to build enterprise-grade software that uses data, ML, and solves industry-specific business problems? Read on. 
 From soap and shampoo to snacks and beverages, consumer products fill our homes and affect our everyday lives. But it is very hard to build a product; takes years. Not anymore, Turing, enterprise software, uses data and ML to bring speed and operational efficiency to the legacy processes. 
 Simply put, Turing is becoming the gold standard when it comes to configuration optimal consumer products from millions of combinations. Unlike generic ML, Turing is a domain-specific solution, resulting in exponential growth. 
 
 In Covid, our software use has skyrocketed as employees want to develop new products while staying at home. 
 
 Our customers say Turing is the fastest way to develop new products.  Turing has proven to be the most accurate ML engine outperforming DIY data science software and tech giants. 
 Founders have decades of domain experience + expertise in top 1% ML algorithms. 
 Many of the world’s leading brands use Turing to innovate new products. We’re growing quickly; new customers go on the waitlist. We’re remote-friendly, YC backed+other notable SV investors, and well-funded. 
 We small but a team of warriors. Average employee experience is 10+years - so you are joining a team of highly-seasoned professionals. Our engineers have built large-scale enterprise-grade software for private and government sectors including NSA and homeland security. 
 See our coverage at TechCrunch, WSJ, Business Insider, and Forbes 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Node.js, PostgreSQL, TypeScript, Machine Learning, Java 
 Turing's workflow and ML are transforming the 120-year old process of developing consumer products. These products make part of your daily lives. We are positioned to dominate this space but a lot needs to be built. 
 Why join Turing? 
 Team of warriors:  We have not figured out everything and that’s fine. You will work in an environment where we collaborate, push each other, and challenge the status quo. 
 Be the creator:  You get an opportunity to create the DNA of the product, team, and culture 
 Leadership:  You work closely with founders to lead and execute journey from Seed to Series X 
 Your role: 
 Do you dream of building and scaling complex engineering software while closely working with founders and customers? Read on: 
 Lead by example:  Translate user needs, co-create product vision, translate into engineering needs, and execute it 
 Make strategic decisions:  You would make strategic decisions about the culture, product, technology stack, and features 
 Solve complex problems:  You will be solving complex engineering problems, particularly backend, while working with smartest ML data scientists 
 Build enterprise-grade software:  Billion dollar consumer brands will use what you built. You will be building enterprise-ready secure software; easy to use but complex behind the scene. 
 What we expect: 
 
 You have an entrepreneur soul and adaptable to a fast-growing environment with a high tolerance for ambiguity 
 You are champion traversing all parts of the software stack and build with a focus on the user. You write clean, maintainable, scalable code and develop, test, and iterate quickly. 
 You will assess business and product requirements and propose viable solutions that account for scale and performance. 
 You will establish foundational engineering & coding standards 
 
 
 Note: This role holds a tremendous opportunity to help shape the future of our company and product while also benefitting from generous equity. Depending on the performance, the role could transition into that of CTO. 
 
 Tech stack: Typescript/Node, React, Postgres, AWS, and Terraform 
 Minimum qualifications 
 
 3+ years of full-stack software development experience, specializing in the backend. 
 Experience maintaining AWS or other cloud infrastructures 
 Able to prioritize multiple tasks and manage teams. Strong work ethics with a positive attitude. 
 
 Compensation & perks: 
 
 Salary - competitive salary+bonus with generous equity 
 Perks - health and medical benefits, paid-time-off, bonus, and paid vacation 
 Work flexibility - work remotely or from Palo Alto or Toronto or co-working space of your preference 
 Migration - Support and sponsorship if you want to migrate anywhere in the US or to Canada 
 Timing - You get to join the company at the most advantageous stage 
 
 Technology 
 Python, Postgres, Typescript, React or Node.js, and Python. 
 Other jobs at Turing Labs Inc. 
 Enterprise Sales Development Representative 
 fulltime 
 London, UK / Palo Alto - US / Toronto - Canada / REMOTE / Remote 
 $50k - $120k 
 0.10% - 1.50% 
 3+ years 
 Enterprise Sales Development Representative 
 fulltime 
 London, UK / Palo Alto - US / Toronto - Canada / REMOTE / Remote 
 $50k - $120k 
 0.10% - 1.50% 
 3+ years 
 Senior full-stack software engineer (backend specialist)-part of leadership team 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, New York, Toronto (Canada) / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $100k - $150k 
 0.50% - 2.00% 
 3+ years 
 Lead Machine Learning/AI Engineer  
 fulltime 
 Palo Alto, Virginia, Toronto, or Remote / Remote 
 Machine Learning 
 $110k - $190k 
 0.25% - 1.50% 
 3+ years 
 Customer Success Strategist 
 fulltime 
 London, UK | Palo Alto, US | Toronto, Canada| Remote / Remote 
 $60k - $100k 
 0.10% - 0.50% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
