__ 
 
 Empower 
 Courses __
 
 Courses For Corporates 
 Courses For Institutes 
 Courses For Individuals 
 
 
 Organizations __
 
 For Corporates 
 For Institutes 
 
 
 About us 
 Get Support 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 __Setting 
   
 MENU __ 
 __0 
 
 _ _ Facebook 
 _ _ Twitter 
 _ _ Pinterest 
 _ _ Google 
 _ _ LinkedIn 
 
 __Login  [__Register]( "Sign Up") 
   
 __ 
 0 __ 
 
 Empower 
 Courses ****
 
 Courses For Corporates 
 Courses For Institutes 
 Courses For Individuals 
 
 
 Organizations ****
 
 For Corporates 
 For Institutes 
 
 
 About us 
 Get Support 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 Course 
 Empower - Build Your Career in IT 
 
 Empower - Build Your Career in IT 
 Empower - Build Your Career in IT 
 Course Features 
 
 
 __Course Duration: 
 
 
 __Category: Wordsmaya Courses 
 
 
 __Students: 0 
 
 
 __Certificate: No 
 
 
 __Location: 
 
 
 __Language: 
 
 
 __Lesson: 0 
 
 
 __Viewers: 3435 
 
 
 __Prerequisites: No 
 
 
 __Skill Level: 
 
 
 __Course Capacity: 50 
 
 
 __Start Course: 
 
 
 Course Overview 
 
 
 Learning Outcomes 
 
 
 Course Content 
 
 
 Course Overview 
 Rs.2500  Rs.999 (For 6 months access to the platform) 
 Rs.5000  Rs.1499(For 12 months access to the platform) 
 
 In this all-in-on-package, you will get: 
 
 Certificate courses from WordsMaya on communication skills and interview preparation 
 Hundreds of video tips and online masterclasses from industry experts and mentors on IT job opportunities, career planning, IT job interviews hacks, etc 
 
 Now, Free Add-on 
 
 Certificate courses from  IBM SkillsBuild  on top IT skills like Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Cloud Computing, Full Stack Web Developer, etc 
 
 Learning Outcome 
 Aspiring for a glorious career in MNCs in the IT/ITeS field? Power-up your resume with top skills, certificates, and get guidance from industry experts at the convenience of your home. You will get ample time of 6 months/12 months to add dozens on top skills and certificates to your resume and start your career confidently. 
 Course Contents 
 I. Certificate courses from WordsMaya: 
 1. Speak English Confidently and Fluently: 
 Do you struggle with getting your words out in important situations like interviews, presentations, meetings? 
 Do you become anxious, nervous, tense up, not able to exert confidence? 
 This course will help you with a step-by-step guide to remove the fear of English, give you ready tips for improving verbal communication, non-verbal communication, and public speaking and give you power vocabulary for impactful communication. 
 2. Winning the GD:  Group discussion (GD) plays an important role in the recruitment process. It requires careful preparation and confident execution to make an impact on the recruiter during the GD. This course gives practical tips to prepare and crack the GD to get your dream job. 
 3. Personal Interview Skills:  Being successful in job interviews is not quite simple. But it requires careful preparation. This course will prepare you to crack your interviews easily. This course prepares you mentally and also with techniques for preparing you for common interview questions. 
 4. Resume Writing and Job Searching Techniques:  Getting your dream job is a herculean task. Most job aspirants do not understand the process from searching for available jobs to applying to different jobs with a professional cover letter and resume. This course gives a step-by-step guide to understand the process and techniques for searching for different jobs and applying to those with a professional resume. 
 II. Get hundreds of tips and updates about job opportunities, interview hacks, career planning, latest industry trends, and many more. 
 Join our telegram channel now:  Join Telegram Channel 
 III. Get exclusive access to Live Masterclasses with top industry experts on interview hacks, career planning, corporate etiquette, and many more. 
 IV. Certificate courses from IBM SkillsBuild on top IT skills: 
 1.   Artificial Intelligence (Foundations and Advanced):  Artificial intelligence, or AI, is the ability of a machine to perform cognitive functions that are associated with human minds, such as perceiving, reasoning, learning, and problem-solving. Explore these learning activities for foundational knowledge of AI concepts, sometimes referred to as cognitive computing. You'll be able to explain what artificial intelligence is and how it can be applied in the professional world.1. Blockchain (Foundations and Advances): Blockchain is an emerging technology that can radically improve banking, supply chains, and other transaction networks. These networks work together in markets that exchange assets in the form of goods and services between the participants. Complete these activities to learn about Blockchain Essentials, IBM Blockchain Foundation Developer, Cloud Blockchains: An Introduction to Blockchain on the Cloud, Blockchain & Hyperledger Fabric: The Hyperledger Fabric. 
 2. Cloud Computing (Foundations and Advanced):  Cloud computing, often referred to as simply “the cloud,” is the delivery of on-demand computing resources—everything from applications to data centers—over the internet on a pay-for-use basis. Complete these activities to learn about cloud computing foundations, including benefits and use cases for this transformational technology in business. Also learn about IBM Cloud Developer Center, Mobile cloud computing, and Microservices Primer. 
 3. Web Developer Foundations:  You'll learn the core skills to build interactive user experiences on the web as a front-end web developer. You'll develop competencies in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, the cornerstone languages of the Internet. You will learn how to use professional tools, including how to manage version control with Git and GitHub. You'll also have opportunities to put your new knowledge to the test with hands-on practices designed to help you bring these concepts to life. The topics and concepts in this course have been carefully designed based on input from professionals who hire developers from leading tech companies. 
 4. Full Stack Web Developer:  You'll learn the core skills to build interactive user experiences on the web as a full stack web developer. You'll develop competencies in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and will learn how to use professional tools, including how to manage version control with Git and GitHub. Topics covered include Front-end and back-end web development (client, servers, databases), Programming languages (JavaScript, Python), Database management (MySQL, MongoDB), Frameworks (React). 
 5. Agile Methodology(Foundations and Advances):  An understanding of agile methodologies and practices is a valued skill in the market. Check out these activities to learn about agile principles, including customer focus, clearly defined outcomes and business value, and course correction for continuous improvement. Anyone can implement or influence others to learn and use agile practices in the workplace! 
 6. Internet of Things (IoT) (Foundations and Advances):  Learn about how the Internet of Things is a part of specialized and integrated solutions that can solve industry and business challenges. Extention of foundation course by including topics like Learning path: Getting started with IoT development, Robots are coming! Build IoT apps with Watson AI, Swift, and Node-RED, and IBM Watson IoT Online Academy 
 7.Quantum Computing:  Quantum computers could spur the development of new breakthroughs in science, medications to save lives, machine learning methods to diagnose illnesses sooner, materials to make more efficient devices and structures, financial strategies to live well in retirement, and algorithms to quickly direct resources such as ambulances. 
 8.Security (Foundations and Advances):  Educating yourself about security, or being “cybersecurity aware,” is your first line of defense to reduce threats. Extend your knowledge and skills about Security by learning topics like CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst+: Malware & Digital Forensics, Client & Email Security, Voices of Security, and Data Privacy Fundamentals 
 9.Open Source Software:  Open source software allows for companies, projects, and enterprises to adopt a community-backed development model, where diverse communities of developers come together to solve problems, develop new technologies, and create better software. Open development models are the driving force behind much of the innovation we are seeing today around cloud computing, automation, artificial intelligence, big data, and machine learning. Building skills in open source can lead to a career in Linux system administration, engineering, DevOps, cloud computing, networking, storage, security, and more. 
 10. Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA):  An IT professional who has earned the Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA®) is able to perform the core system-administration skills required in Red Hat Enterprise Linux environments. The credential is earned after successfully passing the Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) Exam (EX200). 
 11. CISSP certification preparation:  These courses can help you prepare for the Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification by acquiring the knowledge to design, implement, and manage security information systems. 
 12. CompTIA certification preparation:  These courses can help you prepare for various CompTIA courses. 
 13. Microsoft Azure certification preparation:  Explore cloud concepts, core Azure Services, Azure pricing, and support, and the fundamentals of cloud security, privacy, compliance, and trust. Also, discover how to implement, monitor, and maintain Microsoft Azure solutions, and explore how to design, build, test, and maintain cloud solutions 
 14. Google Cloud certification preparation:  Acquire the skill set to design, develop, and manage Google cloud technologies and prepare for Google Cloud Architect certification, also acquire knowledge of building and maintaining data processing systems, and data analysis while preparing for the Google Data Engineer certification. 
 15 . Amazon Web Services (AWS) certification preparation:  Prepare to become a certified associate in the development and maintenance of applications, deployment, and management of system operations, design, and deployment of applications and systems on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform. Also, become a Certified Cloud Practitioner as you gain knowledge of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud. 
 Logine here to see more. 
 Download App 
   
   
 Quick Links 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Course Categories 
 Contact Us 
 __Pune, Maharashtra, India 
 __+91 9168 385 959 
 __ WordsMaya Support Portal 
 2020 ©WordsMaya Edutech Pvt. Ltd. 
 
  _ _ Facebook  
  _ _ youtube  
  _ _ LinkedIn  
 
 __ 
 
 This is required. 
 This is required. 
 Message 
 What is the name of Indian Prime Minister - Narendra ____ 
 This is required. 
 Submit 
