SRxA's Word on Health 
 Strategic News & Views 
 Steve Jobs 
 Post navigation 
 Radioactive Bacteria:1 - Pancreatic Cancer:0 
 Posted by  srxa 
 0 
 Years ago, when I was just starting my healthcare career, I worked with a team specializing in the management of patients with  pancreatic cancer . Despite the dedication and compassion of our team, revolutionary surgical techniques, and top-notch palliative care, all too often our patients died. Even today, some 30 years later, pancreatic cancer has a poor prognosis. It’s seldom detected in its early stages, and often spreads rapidly. Signs and symptoms frequently don’t appear until the disease is advanced and surgical removal isn't possible. 
 Pancreatic cancer touches so many people. It killed my childhood mentor and one of my best friends. It's taken the lives of many household names, from astronauts to actors, entrepreneurs to opera singers. For example, Patrick Swayze, Randy Pausch, Luciano Pavarotti, Dizzy Gillespie, Count Basie, Michael Landon, Joan Crawford, Sally Ride and of course, Apple CEO - Steve Jobs. **** 
 So, I was excited to hear about new research into a targeted anti-cancer therapy that promised limited side effects. The  study , published April 22 in the  Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences  found that treating mice with an attenuated, radioactively labeled bacteria -  Listeria monocytogenes  - drastically reduced the number of  metastases , while leaving normal tissue unscathed. 
 The notion of using bacteria to attack tumors is not new.  Robert Hoffman , a cancer biologist at the  University of California, San Diego , who was not involved in the current study, has shown that  Salmonella  can  kill mouse cancer cells , including  metastases of pancreatic cancer. 
 Other research has shown that a  Listeria  strain known as  CRS-207  has the ability to stimulate an immune response in Phase 1 and 2 trials. 
 In the new study, researchers at  Albert Einstein College of Medicine  have paired this technique with a radioactive isotope to selectively kill tumor cells, focusing on the metastatic cells that so often elude current treatment regimens. 
 It’s this combination of approaches that synergistically target metastases, that’s new.  Claudia Gravekamp , an immunologist at Albert Einstein College of Medicine who led the study with nuclear medicine researcher  Ekaterina Dadachova  had previously demonstrated that an attenuated strain of  Listeria monocytogenes  , a type of bacterium that penetrates host cells during infection, selectively killed breast cancer cells without damaging normal tissue. The bacteria’s ability to target only diseased cells raised the possibility that it could be used to treat metastatic cancer by both directly killing cells and by carrying anti-tumor therapies—like radiation—to cancer cells. 
 Gravekamp and Dadachova tested the bacteria against highly metastatic pancreatic cancer in mice. First, they demonstrated that the bacteria proliferated well in the animals’ metastases, but poorly in the primary tumor, and not at all in normal tissues like spleen, suggesting the bacteria would be good candidates for delivering a therapy to far-flung metastases. 
 Then, the researchers armed the  Listeria  with the  Rhenium-188 , a radionuclide that kills cells by releasing DNA-damaging. Sure enough, regular injections of the Rhenium-188 labeled  bacteria  decreased metastases by 90% versus controls. 
 While this implies that bacteria have to potential to be used to deliver therapeutic radiation doses to metastases, the bacteria were administered before metastases were established, notes  Donald Buchsbaum , a radiation biologist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham who was not involved in the study. “  So to some extent it’s a prevention model .” 
 Future work will need to focus on targeting established metastases, possibly by exploring other radioisotope options. Gravekamp and Dadachova are currently refining their protocol and examining alternative radioisotopes to achieve a 100% reduction of metastases, but have high hopes for their bacteria. 
 Though primary tumors are often removed surgically, even small pieces left behind can produce new metastases. It might be possible that one day radioactive  Listeria  could be part of an “  early second-line treatment after surgery to prevent further metastases  ,” says Gravekamp. 
 Which is great news in the war against cancer and not a bad deal for the Listeria bacteria which normally gets a bad rap for causing the infection  listeriosis  - the leading cause of death among food-borne bacterial pathogens - responsible for approximately 2,500 illnesses and 500 fatalities annually in the United States. 
 Exciting stuff! 
 
 Posted in  Cancer ,  Clinical Research ,  Pancreatic cancer ,  SRxA ,  Word on Health 
 Tagged  Albert Einstein College of Medicine ,  bacteria ,  Claudia Gravekamp ,  Count Basie ,  Dizzy Gillespie ,  Ekaterina Dadachova ,  Joan Crawford ,  listeria ,  Listeria monocytogenes ,  Luciano Pavarotti ,  metastases ,  Michael Landon ,  Patrick Swayze ,  Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ,  Randy Pausch ,  Sally Ride ,  Steve Jobs 
 May*03 
 Post navigation 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 792 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Death of the Pharma Sales Rep? 
 Staying Safe During Holiday Travel 
 Consider Smart Choices rather than Smart Toys this Christmas 
 Could salmon and sunshine prevent brain damage? 
 Keeping Extra Pounds off your Holiday List 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category AAAAI Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm ACAAI Acne Addiction ADHD Adherence Aesthetics Aging AIDS Alcohol Allergic Rhinitis Allergy Alternative Medicine Alzheimer's disease amputation Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Anaphylaxis Arthritis Aspirin Asthma Ataxia Telangiectasia Autism Autoimmune disease Back Pain Behavioral Health Blood donation Botox Bowel Cancer Brain Cancer Breast cancer Cancer Carbon Monoxide poisoning Cardiology Castration CDC Cell Phones Cerebral Palsy Children Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Cleveland Clinic Clinical Research Clinical Trials Common Cold Compliance Concussion Condoms Contraception COPD Coronary Heart Disease Cough CPR Crohn's Disease DDMAC Death Deep Vein Thrombosis Defensive Medicine Defibrillation Dementia Depression Dermatology Diabetes Diet Doctors Drug Safety drugs e-prescribing Ecstasy Ectopic pregnancy Emergency Medicine ENT Environmental epinephrine Exercise Exercise Induced Bronchospasm Falls FDA Fecal Transplant Feet Flu Flu Vaccine Food Allergy Food labels Food safety Fruit Fungal meningitis Gene Therapy Generic Drugs Genetic Testing Genetics George Washington Glaucoma Global Warming Grief Halloween Hand washing Head Lice Health Canada Health Care costs Health Outcomes Health Reform Heart Disease Heart Implant Hemophilia Hepatitis A Hepatitis B Hepatitis C Hereditary Angioedema HIV Homeopathy Hypertension Immunology Incontinence Infectious Disease Infertility Informed Consent Irritable Bowel Syndrome Itch IVIG Kidney Stones Knee surgery Labor Day Laughter Leukemia LifeSciencesPress Liver disease Lung Cancer Lyme Disease Macrophages Mammography screening Medicaid Medical Education Medical Errors Medical Ethics Memory Mental Health Migraine Minimally Invasive Surgery Monkeypox Multiple Sclerosis Music Therapy Myocardial Infarction NARAC Neuroanatomy New England Journal of Medicine Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs Nurse Practitioner Nurses Nutrition Obesity Onychocryptosis Ophthalmology Opthalmology Oral Health Organ transplant Orthopedics Osteoarthritis Osteporosis oxytocin Pain Pancreatic cancer Paramedics Parenting Parkinson's disease Patient Confidentiality Patient Education Pet Therapy Pharmaceutical Industry Pharmacies Pharmacoeconomics Physicians Post-Marketing Surveillance Pregnancy Primary Care Primary Immune Deficiency Prostate Cancer Prosthetics Pulmonary Embolism Rare Diseases Regenerative Medicine Regulatory Compliance Reimbursement Reiter's Syndrome Reproductive Medicine Rheumatoid Arthritis Rhinology Robotics Sex Sexual behavior Sexually Transmitted Disease Sexually Transmitted Diseases Side Effects Sjogren's Syndrome Skin cancer Sleep Smell Smoking Social Media Marketing Spinal Cord Injury Sports Injuries Sports medicine SRxA Stem Cells Stress Stroke Suicide Sunovion Superfoods Surgery Telemedicine Toothache Total Quality Management Transplantation Trauma Traumatic Brain Injury Travel Medicine TREAT Education Ulcerative colitis Uncategorized Vaccinations Viruses Vitamin D Vitamin E Vocal Cord Dysfunction Weight Loss West Nile Virus Word on Health World Allergy Organization World Health Organization 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Nikki Davis  on  If MLK had lived – would he ha… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tyler Hull  on  Could salmon and sunshine prev… 
 
 
 
 Gurjendersihe2012  on  Pharma Under Fire for Fair Bal… 
 
 
 
 srxa  on  Could salmon and sunshine prev… 
 
 
 
 Jeff Boulier  on  Could salmon and sunshine prev… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
