
 Contact 
 Jobs 
 kurzfilmkino.de 
 Press login 
 Search result 
 Newsletter 
 __DE Language 
 
 W-film 
 
 /  Home 
 /  News 
 /  Cinema 
 /  Shop 
 /  Catalogue 
 /  about us 
 
 Jobs 
 Traineeship Postproduction 
 The Cologne-based arthouse film distributor W-film Distribution is looking for a trainee in post-production, graphics and DVD authoring with immediate effect. 
 Since 2000, W-film has been distributing cinema films which are artistically valuable and which convince with an important message. In doing so, we dedicate ourselves to the next generation of filmmakers in Germany and other European countries, bring award-winning film art to the cinema and create discussion with strong documentary and feature films. 
 As a post-production trainee you will create our distribution media (hard drives and Blu-rays) and supply the cinemas with our films. In addition, you will support the development of the artwork for our nationwide cinema launches, trailer editing and graphics creation. 
 You will enjoy working in a highly flexible team that is jointly responsible for the success. 
 You offer 
 
 A completed course of study or vocational training. Initial work experience in the media industry is an advantage 
 Good knowledge of the Adobe Creative Cloud (especially: Premiere, After Effects, Photoshop, InDesign). Knowledge of authoring software is an advantage 
 editing experience, sound knowledge of digital video technology 
 perfect knowledge of German and English, both spoken and written 
 Organisational talent: You keep the overview - even with many different cinema bookings 
 Joy of communication 
 And last but not least: Great interest in German and international cinema 
 
 We offer 
 
 Profound insight into the work of an independent art house film distributor 
 Prospects for a permanent position after a three-month trainee phase 
 A young and dynamic team with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes 
 Exclusive access to film premieres and contact with film-makers 
 An office in a central location in Cologne Deutz with a busy shopping street around the corner 
 
 We look forward to receiving your application documents. Please send them directly to our managing director Stephan Winkler by e-mail: bewerbung@wfilm.de 
 You can find all the necessary information about us and our films at https://www.wfilm.de/ 
 ** 
 Traineeship  Cinema Disposition ** 
 The Cologne-based arthouse film distributor W-film Distribution is looking for an employee in the cinema-scheduling department with immediate effect. 
 Since 2000, W-film has been distributing cinema films that are artistically valuable and have an important message. We dedicate ourselves to the next generation of filmmakers in Germany and other European countries, bring award-winning cinematic art to the cinema and create discussion with strong documentaries and feature films. 
 You offer 
 
 A university degree, relevant training or something similar. Initial work experience in the media industry is an advantage 
 Perfect knowledge of German, spoken and written, knowledge of English would be an advantage 
 Contact and communication skills 
 Organisational talent: You are able to keep an overview, even when working on several projects at the same time 
 Good knowledge of all common office programmes, social media skills, basic knowledge of e-mail marketing 
 And last but not least: Great interest in German and international cinema 
 
 We offer 
 
 Profound insight into the work of an independent arthouse film distributor 
 Good prospects for a long-term permanent position 
 A young and dynamic team with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes 
 Exclusive access to film premieres and contact to filmmakers 
 An office in a central location in Cologne Deutz with a busy shopping street around the corner 
 
 We look forward to receiving your application documents. Please send them directly to our managing director Stephan Winkler by e-mail to: bewerbung@wfilm.de 
 You can find all the necessary information about us and our films at  https://www.wfilm.com/ 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Contact 
 Imprint 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
