WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allDesignjobs 
 Design Researcher 
 Triband Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 27, 2020 
 Part Time 
 Copenhagen, DK 
 Remote 
 If you enjoy diving into specific design challenges and researching out how other games do things 🧪 - and you play and understand a lot of different types of games and genres. 
 Then come join the team behind WHAT THE GOLF? and play with us on our upcoming next big project. 🍌🐴 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 WHAT YOU WILL DO: Researching how other games do things  ‍ 
 As a Part-time design researcher, you will be part of the team behind our unannounced new game. You will be researching how other games solve various design challenges and help find and map out similar games. You will help us answer questions such as: 
 
 What are the core features of a "normal" golf game? And how can we make a parody of them? 
 What are good examples of virtual joysticks in mobile games? 
 What other games have a mechanic like this, and how do they do X? 
 How do other level editors do the publish level flow? 
 
 You will also: 
 
 Research similar games and find best practices 
 Research more traditional games and think about how to make parodies 
 Answer specific design questions by finding other examples, reading, or trying out things 
 Explore ideas and come up with new smart things we hadn’t yet thought of 
 
 ‍ 
 WHAT YOU WILL ALSO DO: Help out and explore your own ideas  ‍ 
 Everyone has a main responsibility (this), but we also make time to explore other things. Maybe you are interested in playing with that new physics feature or try making that wacky level idea you came up with. We encourage people to learn new things and just help each other out across projects and teams. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Organized note taking and knows how to make a GIF of a feature 
 Very broad game knowledge of different genres, niches, and both mobile, AAA, casual, and indie 
 Being OK with not actually designing games (but you are of course welcome to have ideas) 
 Understanding of game design, mechanics, and game development processes 
 Probably studying something games-related - or recently graduated - or looking for a part-time job for another reason  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 REQUIREMENTS FOR ANY JOB OPENING AT TRIBAND: 
 
 
 You thrive taking ownership of your own area. You can spot problems, ask for advice when in doubt, and implement your own solution 
 
 
 You actively support a culture of collaboration, mutual respect, inclusiveness, and creativity 
 
 
 A great working environment is important for you and you help out around you  ‍ 
 
 
 ‍ 
 PRACTICALITIES: 
 
 Part-time - we're pretty flexible on how much 
 No crunch: People over deadlines 
 Lunch included (also vegetarian/vegan options) 
 Competitive salary  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 And a few notes on how we work: 
 
 We experiment a lot and it doesn’t always work out, but we always learn something 
 Everyone at the studio is hands-on and part of making things 
 You are part of defining and prioritizing your own tasks 
 You get to be part of shaping new projects and the studio 
 We explore and try to push the boundaries of what comedy can do in games 
 Working in 14-day sprints in close-knit teams of ~6 people from different skill areas  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 DEADLINE AND START:  ‍ 
 As soon as possible, but we will wait for the right candidate. 
 While we currently work remote and the job would start out fully remote, we will be returning to our office at some point, so you need to be in or up for coming to Copenhagen, Denmark. We can of course help with that.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 WHAT THE TRIBAND?  ‍ 
 We want to make people laugh! We do it by making comedy games, being original, and taking chances. We recently launched WHAT THE GOLF? - a golf game for people who hate golf? 
 All jobs involve experiments, bad jokes, stupid ideas, silly physics, and failed prototypes. We work in Unity and almost everyone works in-editor and very hands-on, also if you do design, audio, or animation. 
 We are currently ~20 people of 6 different nationalities and the language is English. We put the people first and strive to create a great working environment and are generally looking for people who are not like us and who will challenge us and our way of doing things! 
 We believe that teams make games, not individuals - and we believe diversity makes for better teams. That's why we look for people who make the team better, instead of just who’s got the most experience. 
 We are primarily looking for people with at least 2+ years of game dev experience but will be opening up more entry-level positions in the future. 
 For more info about Triband and our hiring process, check out:  triband.net/hiring 
 ‍  ABOUT WHAT THE GOLF? 
 A silly physics-based golf parody where every golf course is a new surprising type of golf, some brilliant or hilarious, others so absurd they will make you go: WHAT THE GOLF? 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Talofa Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerTalofa Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunder Lotus is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromMontreal, QCLevel DesignerThunder Lotus | Montreal, QCLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Gameplay Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKGameplay DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Design Researcherto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKDesign ResearcherTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Megagon Industries is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLevel DesignerMegagon Industries | AnywhereLearn More 
 Double Loop Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerDouble Loop Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
