**    ** 
 
 Channel Incentives 
 
 Promotions & Loyalty 
 Engagement 
 Reward Options 
 Training & Enablement 
 Data and Reporting 
 
 
 Employee Recognition 
 
 Employee Recognition 
 Service Awards 
 Peer-to-Peer 
 Social Recognition 
 Reward Options 
 Data and Reporting 
 Rewards Fulfillment 
 
 
 Company 
 
 Partnerships 
 Careers 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blog 
 Case Studies 
 Collateral 
 eBooks 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 Talk to Sales 
 Contact Support 
 
 
 
               
 Book a demo 
 burger 
 16 FEB, 2016 
 Taylor Swift – Bad Blood Leads to Good Career Advice 
 Aside from Adele’s audio mishap and Lady Gaga’s show-stopping David Bowie tribute, Monday night’s Grammy awards are generating buzz thanks to one young lady by the name of Taylor Swift. Swift has been in the news lately due to a line in a new Kanye West song where he implies that he is the reason for her fame because of his interruption of her acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV VMA’s. (The actual wording is offensive so I’ll leave it out.) 
 Taylor took the stage  to accept her award for Album of the Year  and said this: 
 " As the first woman to win album of the year at the Grammys twice, I want to say to all the young women out there: there are going to be people along the way who will try to undercut your success or take credit for your accomplishments or your fame. But if you just focus on the work and you don’t let those people sidetrack you, someday when you get where you’re going, you’ll look around and you’ll know it was you and the people who love you who put you there, and that will be the greatest feeling in the world.” 
 Taylor’s pointed comments also come on the heels of   a study by a Harvard PhD candidate  finding that women in academia get less credit when they team up with men. Study author Heather Sarsons found that only 52% of women received tenure at the first schools where they were eligible, compared with 77% of men, despite there being no statistically significant difference in the number of papers that men and women produced or in how often they co-authored papers. The gap between the sexes shrinks as women solo-author more papers in lieu of collaborating. 
 In addition, a  2013 study  by researchers at the University of Massachusetts Lowell and NYU found that when given positive group feedback, women who thought they were working with a male colleague devalued their own contributions and emphasized the other person's success in a questionnaire response. In follow-up studies, this behavior was not repeated when women worked with other women. 
 What can we take from this information? 
 For employees:  Take credit for your accomplishments and get the recognition you deserve. If you were solely responsible for an accomplishment, say “I,” not “we.” Don’t feel that you are showing off if you’re being honest and giving credit where credit is due, even if it’s coming your way. 
 For managers:  When there is a group project or achievement to  recognize , take note of all the participants, not just those who speak the loudest. Take a little extra time to understand the way each team member contributed, especially if you have women on the team who aren’t as likely to toot their own horns. 
 
 Share this insight: 
 [ ](mailto:?body=https://www.workstride.com/insights/taylor-swift-bad-blood-leads-to-good-career-advice/&subject=Taylor Swift – Bad Blood Leads to Good Career Advice) 
 
 About the author 
 Meredith Mejia was previously Director of Marketing at WorkStride. She has worked in the recognition and incentive industry for more than eight years and has written extensively on the topics of employee engagement, motivation, management, and company culture. 
  Back to Insights  
 Get A 15-Minute Demo 
 First Name * 
 Last Name * 
 Company name * 
 Work e-mail * 
 Receive occasional updates about WorkStride products and services. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
 By submitting this form, you're accepting our website's  Terms of Use  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Subscribe to Insights 
 your e-mail * 
 Related Posts 
 11 JAN, 2021 
 WorkStride Honored in Built In's Esteemed 2021 Best Places To Work Awards 
 WorkStride, a leading provider of channel incentives and employee recognition solutions, announced today that it has been named one of Built In’s Companies with the Best Benefits in New … 
 read more 
 29 SEP, 2020 
 Creativity and Cheers Spreading This Holiday Season 
 This year, large US retailers have announced their intentions to start running their holiday promotional campaigns as early as October, injecting that much-needed Holiday spirit … 
 read more 
 Empire State Building 
350 5th Avenue, Suite 3920 
New York, NY 10118 
 +1 (212) 689-1200 
 Subscribe to Insights 
 Thank you for subscribing! 
 
 Channel Incentives 
 Employee Recognition 
 Insights 
 Company 
 Partnerships 
 Careers 
 Talk to Sales 
 Customer Service 
 
 Follow Us 
               
 Talk to Sales 
 © 2021 WorkStride. All rights reserved. 
 Terms of Use   Privacy Policy   Cookies Policy 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website, you are giving consent to cookies being used. 
 Read our cookie policy 
 accept 
