ITauditSecurity 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Links 
 SiteMap 
 Twitter 
 Hidden 
 Copyright 
 
   
 <- Do you have User IDs Hidden in the Cloud? 
 Top 10 Reasons Why Being an IT Auditor is So Hard -> 
 by  ITauditSecurity  | March 7, 2017 * 11:00 am 
 ↓ Jump to Comments 
 Careers After IT Auditing 
 Recently, a reader named  Porak  asked me what careers IT auditors can move to when they leave auditing (see the original question  here ). 
 I couldn't find much on the Internet on this topic, but there's a lot of options. 
 I've actually worked in quite a few of the areas mentioned below… 
 If you're skilled in general IT, you should consider the following fields, depending on your specific IT auditor skills and years of experience. Bold text indicates you'd probably need to possess a high level of skill in that area already to make a move. 
 
 Business Continuity Planning/Disaster Recovery* - help departments do risk assessments, business impact analyses, and create and test BCP/DR plans, and update them. 
 Compliance, Risk Management, or  Information Security  * - all these departments need people who understand policies, standards, risk, controls, running technical projects, research, etc. 
 
 Here's one of the few articles on found re: life after IT audit:  http://www.careersinaudit.com/article/moving-from-it-audit-to-cyber-security/?s=2 
 
 Vulnerability Assessor or Penetration Tester  * - Run vulnerability scans and try to break software/hardware manually and/or with tools. 
 Technical Writing* - Documenting manufacturing processes, computer operation manuals, training materials, etc. Assuming you have excellent interviewing and written communication skills. 
 Training - teach others how to use computer systems, software, hardware, etc. 
 Data Analytics  * - most departments are doing some type of analytics these days. 
 Management* - easy to move into if you managed or mentored people when you were in audit. 
 Process Improvement - usually auditors identify problem areas that can be made more efficient as part of some audits, so this may be a possibility. 
 Merger integration - Assist your company acquire another company, working through the redundant networks, IT systems, personnel, etc. I list this one as an example that almost anything is possible, especially since one IT audit director I know just moved within the same company to this very position. 
 
 *These are positions I've held prior to my experience as an IT auditor. The only exception is Data Analytics, which I did not get into until I was in IT audit. In my case, all this prior experience made me a better IT auditor, but it works the other way around too. 
 I'm sure I missed several other careers. 
 Who can add a few more, with a short description of why you think it's a valid option for a IT auditor to aspire to? 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 16 Comments 
 Filed under  Audit ,  Employment ,  How to... ,  Technology 
 Tagged as  analytics ,  BCP ,  compliance ,  controls ,  DR ,  it audit ,  life after ,  management ,  merger ,  penetration ,  process improvement ,  risk management ,  Security ,  technical writing ,  training ,  vulnerability 
 <- Do you have User IDs Hidden in the Cloud? 
 Top 10 Reasons Why Being an IT Auditor is So Hard -> 
 16 responses to "  Careers After IT  Auditing " 
 
 ziadar 
 
  March 7, 2017 at 12:10 pm 
 Hello sir, 
 I have a few questions about IT Auditing. I have done my SOX certification. What will be the next step I should take? Also I have been applying for jobs but no luck yet but I'm not giving up. Since I don't have any job experience. Please do let me know your concerns. 
 Thanks 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  March 8, 2017 at 7:11 pm 
 Hi ziadar, 
I answered you here… https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/2014/12/15/hiring-auditors-who-can-think/#comment-12854 
 If you give me more info, I may be able to give you better advice. See my questions in the above COMMENT. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Bill Dwight 
 
  March 8, 2017 at 4:56 pm 
 What a great blog! 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  Top 10 Reasons Why Being an IT Auditor is So Hard | ITauditSecurity 
 
 
 Audit Monkey 
 
 
  March 26, 2017 at 5:07 am 
 Become normal, well adjusted people? 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  March 29, 2017 at 7:28 pm 
 I'll let you know if it ever happens to me. Don't count on it. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 sysaudit 
 
  April 6, 2017 at 5:51 am 
 What about the thriving field of data mining and artificial intelligence? Should Auditors think of taking a leap on those? 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  April 6, 2017 at 7:08 pm 
 sysaudit, 
Yes. Some people don't differentiate between data analytics, data mining, data analysis. Others will cause a bar fight over these terms. Generally, analytics is answering a question by analyzing data-like how often do people log in on weekends, what time, and does an evil pattern exist? 
 Data mining is looking for gems you didn't know they there-identifying previous unknown patterns that can be beneficial (people who shop online late at night buy more food). Sounds like data analytics, kind of? 
 I wouldn't begrudge anyone going into AI either, which loosely, is helping computers and machines make decisions based on previously defined rules and scenarios, and when a situation is encountered the first time, determining how to deal with it. 
 AI isn't something your typical auditor is involved with (at least not yet), and my post was more geared to how do you take IT audit skills and use them to move into a different career. 
 Thanks for your input. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Jimmy 
 
  November 4, 2017 at 4:00 pm 
 Hi ITauditSecurity, 
I enjoy reading your blog. Do you have an article talking about the switch from IT Audit to Security. I have a couple questions. I have over 10 years experience leading IT audits, and possess all the certs from CISA, to CISM to CISSP. i was thinking about switching internally to the Security department but the director was asking me how many years of security experience i had, and stated they normally look for someone who has been working in security. 
 1, How do you go about answering this type of question 
2. What is security view about the role of IT audit, do they not believe it's associated and impacts security. Does security not see what IT audit's value is within the organization? 
 Thanks 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  November 8, 2017 at 4:47 pm 
 Jimmy, 
No, I don't have a post about switching from IT Audit to Security, as I did the opposite. The closest post is  https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/2017/03/07/careers-after-it-auditing/ , but I don't think that's what you want. 
If you have those certs, I can't imagine why the director isn't interested. I would try to sell your understanding of IT processes, networks, Active Directory, etc., which is a great foundation for security. 
I would also note that your audit background provides a better understanding of risk and how to categorize and rank it that the average security bloke. Try to sell that. 
I guess it depends on what type of security work you want to do. Are you reviewing projects and technology for risk, designing how to secure websites, clouds, applications, etc., or writing policies, teaching security awareness, or actually administering security by creating user IDs, assigning access, etc. 
It all depends on how you can map your past experience into what the security department needs. 
Also, auditors have to deal with nasty, upset people and try to help them understand risk and vulnerabilities and why some attempts at mitigating those risks aren't enough. I think that's a critical skill. 
Check out this post, which might give you some ideas-it's written to IT auditors but the same principles apply to trying to move into any new field, including security. Just replace 'audit' with 'security'. See  https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/2017/03/21/how-to-get-an-it-audit-job-with-little-or-no-experience/ 
Try to take situations you faced and handled well as an auditor and turn it into a quick story for the director. Basically, 1) here's what happened, 2) what I did, and 3) how you made the situation better. You might want to check out my interviewing IT auditor series (just search 'interview' on the blog). Again, this is written about and for IT auditors, but the principles apply to most job interviews and how to approach them. 
 I would not hesitate to look outside the company if you can't get anywhere inside. 
 I hope this helps. Sorry it took so long to respond. Let me know if I can help you further. Don't give up. Mack 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Jimmy 
 
  January 18, 2018 at 7:21 am 
 Mack, 
As a followup to this conversation. They did end up offering me this cyber security position but they want me to get in at an entry level. I was not too thrilled with this since I am a very senior IT Auditor. They said i could maintain my current pay.. How would you address this. 
Thanks, 
Jimmy 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  January 18, 2018 at 7:40 pm 
 Jimmy, 
That depends on how bad you want the job AND what the prospects in that department and company are. 
Personally, I would tell them that your audit and risk background and experience, along with your certs, makes you much more valuable than the typical entry level person. 
Provide some projects or incidents that describe what the problem/issue/opportunity was, what you did about it based on X and Y, and what the outcome was (benefits to the company). That might bolster your position. 
I would try to get them to put you at the next level. 
Also, having a higher salary at a lower pay range means you won't get very good raises. 
I think they are trying to get you on the cheap. I would stand your ground. Tell them you'd really like to work for them, but would like to work something out that works for both of you. 
If they decline, then it was their call. You can then say you will wait for a more appropriate position. Don't sell yourself short. 
But if moving on at your current salary works for you, go for it. 
I did that once in my career-moved to a new area just like you want to-and stayed at the same salary. I regretted it for years. 
Hope that helps. I'd be interested in hearing how this turns out. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Jimmy 
 
  January 22, 2018 at 10:40 pm 
 Still on going - as a followup I talked to the Security Director who stated they were fighting for me to come in at a senior level since they know how my experience relates, though HR was adamant i should come in at a junior level since their belief was Audit and Security had nothing in common. Is it normal for HR to override Security the subject matter experts.. It just seems off 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  January 23, 2018 at 9:36 am 
 Hi Jimmy, 
I think it's up to the security director to educate HR. If the director can't do that then I would question his leadership and definitely how much he wants you on his staff. I would also question how HR is run because they are doing the security director's job instead of their own. Who knows better what the security team needs the director or HR? And who has to live with the long-term consequences of the decision? 
It could also just be A ploy to save the company money. 
Are you already working at this company? If not, I would question whether you really want to go there. 
Again it all depends how bad you want to This job. 
One thing bothers me: HR is willing to pay you your current salary at a lower level and yet doesn't want you to be at the senior level where I understand that salary ranges is at. That doesn't make sense. Makes me wonder if security has okayed your current salary with HR. You might want to look into that before you except an offer. 
You could also talk to the security director and propose that you get hired at your current salary at the lower-level and then in six months or year get bumped up to the senior level assuming you're doing OK. If you do this make sure you get it in writing from the security director before you start the job. HR might still scream foul at that time but it's another way to negotiate the possibility of getting a senior position. 
I mentioned previously that I joined a new company in a different role than my previous one at the same salary. My new boss promised me a big raise after the first year but I didn't get it in writing. Although I performed very well that year I never got my raise. 
Jimmy I'm just giving you things to think about, but look at all the facts and the things that are important to you and make your own decision. Wish you the best. Keep me informed. Mack 
 https://polldaddy.com/js/rating/rating.js 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Jimmy 
 
  January 24, 2018 at 12:46 am 
 Hi Mack, 
Thanks for your advice. I think its spot on. I am kind of confused myself honestly. The director called me today and said HR requested for me to document my security experience and then he would try to see if he could talk to them to try to bump up my level.. Is this considered normal.. the saga continues 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [ITauditSecurity](https://itauditsecurity.wordpress.com/)
 
  January 24, 2018 at 10:36 am 
 Jimmy, 
Not really, but it appears the director is on your side, which is good. In most companies, HR wins these battles unfortunately, as HR sees itself as the power brokers who know better than everyone else. 
I’d highlight your experience with the various platforms, security frameworks, etc., and describe the more technical audits you did, what you found, how you worked with IT/security to understand the issues, and how you ranked risk and worked with the business to understand the cost/benefits. I’d also reach out to the business folks you worked with, if possible, and have them provide a recommendation on your behalf (especially if this job is in the same company). 
Again, I think auditors have a better understanding of risk than most security personnel, and see if you can tell some quick anecdotes that show that. 
Even if you this doesn’t work out, it will refresh your mind in the experience you do have, and that will give your more confidence going forward, and help you prepare for the next move. 
Also, have you seen the post, ‘Use LinkedIn to get an IT Audit job’? While you’re trying to get out of audit, the principles still apply. Just replace ‘it audit’ with ‘security’ when you read it. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply to Jimmy  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Subscribe via email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to to be notified of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,278 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Quick Links 
 
 
 New IT Auditors Start Here 
 CISA 
 ACL Tips 
 Blogging Tips 
 Excel: Basic Data Analytics 
 Ask a Question 
 Reader Poll: Who R U? 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Critical Thinking? How about just Thinking? 
 Quote of the Weak - Auditor Judgment 
 Create a Help Desk for Data 
 Some Periodic Reviews Provide Little Assurance 
 Blogging about Internal Audit (10 tips) 
 Mack-the-Auditor Gets Audited! Part 3 
 Mack-the-Auditor Gets Audited! Part 2 
 Mack-the-Auditor Gets Audited! Part 1 
 Why this pic on this blog? 
 Don't Miss all the Free Advice & Info 
 
 
 
 Top 7 Posts 
 
 Free Downloads 
 How to get an IT Audit job with little or no experience 
 FREE CISA Study Guide 
 Teach Yourself ACL 
 Top 10 Reasons Why Being an IT Auditor is So Hard 
 Ask a Question 
 Master List of CISA Articles 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category ACL  (57) Audit  (221) Blogging  (19) Case Files  (26) Certification  (18) Data Analytics  (84) Employment  (30) Excel  (27) fraud  (6) Free  (37) Free Download  (5) How to…  (100) Humor/Irony  (45) Poll  (3) Quote of the Weak  (18) Scripting (ACL)  (26) Security  (175) Security Scope  (4) Security Scout  (33) Technology  (103) Top 10  (19) Uncategorized  (2) Written by Skyyler  (55) 
 
 
 Links 
 
 * Follow ME on Twitter * 
 Hidden 
 IT/Audit/Security Resources 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Audit Monkey (not real active)  The life and times of an Internal Auditor 
 risk3sixty  IT audit blog 
 SANS Handler's Diary  Daily security pulse 
 Security Monkey (not active, but still good content)  Great security blog 
 
 
 
 ITauditSecurity  * IT audit/security HOW-TOs, analysis, & humor 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
