World Class Dealer Services   "YourOne Stop Shop for Sales and F&I Services" 
 MENU 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 Who We Are 
 What We Offer 
 Why WCDS 
 Meet Our Staff 
 
 
 
 Solutions 
 
 
 Products 
 
 
 Recent News 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 AFIP 
 FTC 
 CFPB 
 FINCEN 
 OFAC 
 Department of Justice 
 Insurance Information Institute 
 F&I; Showroom 
 Selling Power 
 
 
 
 Recent News 
 Home   ::   Recent News   ::  Ashworth College Settles FTC Charges it Misled Students About Career Training, Credit Transfers 
 Ashworth College Settles FTC Charges it Misled Students About Career Training, Credit Transfers 
 Ashworth College has agreed to settle Federal Trade Commission charges it misrepresented to students that they would get the training and credentials needed to switch careers or get a new job, and that the course credits they earned would transfer to other schools. In reality, many programs offered by the for-profit institution did not meet state requirements for desired careers, and the claims made about credit transfers were often not true. 
 “When schools promise students they can transfer course credits or get a better job after completing their programs, they’d better be able to back up those claims,” said Jessica Rich, Director, FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection. “Ashworth College didn’t tell the truth when it made those promises to prospective students.” 
 According to the Commission’s complaint,  the Professional Career Development Institute, LLC, doing business as Ashworth College, violated the FTC Act  by deceptively marketing its online college degree and career-training programs. The FTC alleges some degrees and programs offered by Ashworth College failed to meet the basic educational requirements set by state licensing boards for careers or jobs such as real estate appraisers, home inspectors, elementary school educators, massage practitioners, and more. The FTC also alleges the institution claimed that its credits would transfer even though it lacked supporting data that other colleges and universities would accept their credits. 
 Tuition at Ashworth College ranges from hundreds to several thousand dollars. Ashworth College does not accept student loans, and students are required to pay tuition in full or make monthly payments. However, it does accept military benefits including GI Bill payments, and has directed some of its advertising to military servicemembers and their families. 
 The proposed stipulated court order prohibits Ashworth College from misrepresenting that: 
 
 completing Ashworth’s program will qualify students to obtain vocational licenses without any additional training or experience; 
 Ashworth’s programs provide all the training and credentials required to switch careers or obtain a job in a new field; 
 there will be job security or steady employment for consumers completing its programs; and that 
 course credits are generally recognized by, and accepted, by other postsecondary institutions. 
 
 The order also includes an $11 million judgment, which is suspended based on the institution’s inability to pay. 
 Students interested in pursuing a higher education should check out the FTC’s updated guidance,  Choosing a College: Questions to Ask . Commission staff also has a new post,  An Unlikely Commencement Address , on the Business Center Blog. 
 The Commission vote authorizing the filing of the complaint and the proposed stipulated court order was 5-0. The complaint and proposed order were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia on May 26, 2015. 
 The Federal Trade Commission works for consumers to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, and unfair business practices and to provide information to help spot, stop, and avoid them. To file a complaint in English or Spanish, visit the FTC’s online  Complaint Assistant  or call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357). The FTC enters complaints into Consumer Sentinel, a secure, online database available to more than 2,000 civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad. The FTC’s website provides  free information on a variety of consumer topics . Like the FTC on  Facebook , follow us on  Twitter , and  subscribe to press releases  for the latest FTC news and resources. 
 « Last News Item 
 Next News Item » 
 RECENT NEWS 
 
 Biden redirects course on emissions standards 
 Inside the messy problem called Ghosn's 'haircut' 
 Who’s who at Stellantis 
 Mexico gives automakers more time to meet USMCA rules 
 GM, Unifor go from strife to ‘right solutions’ 
 EV design for Japan's tight turns 
 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 P:
1-800-967-5302 (1-800-WORLD-02)
F:
1-800-967-5308 (1-800-WORLD-08)
E: 
 
 
 A:
328 West Broad Street 
Quakertown, PA 18951 
 
 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Products 
 Solutions 
 Recent News 
 Contact Us 
 Sitemap 
 
 (C) 2006-2021 World Class Dealer Services Inc. All rights reserved. Logo and all related marks and designs are trademarks of World Class Dealer Services Inc. 
