  
 Open Menu 
 
 Solutions
 
 Analytics 
 Back-office Support 
 Business Continuity 
 Customer Care 
 Sales and Growth 
 Security 
 Technology 
 
 
 Industries
 
 Energy 
 Financial 
 Healthcare 
 Telecom and Media 
 Retail 
 Travel 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blogs 
 Articles 
 Collateral 
 E-Book 
 Infographic 
 Success Stories 
 Video 
 
 
 Company
 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Responsibility 
 
 
 Contact 
 Work at Home __ 
 
 __  < Newsroom 
 
 Newsroom 
 About Us 
 Leadership 
 Responsibility 
 Brand Assets 
 
 Press Release 
 January 14, 2020 
 Working Solutions Ranks #5 Again Among FlexJobs’ Top 100 Companies with Remote Jobs 
 Annual industry ranking recognizes workplaces for remote-friendly hiring 
 Dallas —  For six years in a row, Working Solutions, a leader in on-demand contact center solutions, continues to be among  FlexJobs’ Top 100 Companies with Remote Jobs —placing #5 in the 2020 analysis of more than 54,000 businesses in its database. Companies that made this year’s list had the most remote-friendly jobs posted there in 2019. 
 This recognition also marks the fifth straight year that  Working Solutions , a woman-owned business, earned a spot in the Top 10 companies named by this expert in the gig-economy workforce. 
 The Dallas-based, customer-care company—with contact center agents in the United States and Canada—also placed #5 in 2019, #10 in 2018, #7 in 2017 and #9 in 2016 in the rankings. FlexJobs first recognized Working Solutions in 2015. 
 Kim Houlne , Working Solutions chief executive and founder, welcomed the news, saying: “Industry demand for workforce flexibility is validated time and again by FlexJobs. The virtual business model gives our clients the scalability they need and provides workers the freedom to apply their skills whenever and wherever, a great benefit to both.” 
 The 2020 rankings come at a time when the U.S. is experiencing a nearly 50-year low in unemployment, with companies across many industries competing for qualified help. 
 According to Sara Sutton, founder and CEO of FlexJobs: “The most notable change we’ve seen over the past year is not so much the growth in the sheer volume of remote job listings, but the growth in the variety of remote job titles these companies are seeking to hire.” 
Sutton believes the expanding scope “is ultimately fantastic news for remote job seekers across all career fields and levels.” 
Ranking high among on-demand providers in the consumer services, travel and healthcare industries, Working Solutions understands client requirements for a fluid workforce, one that ramps up for business cycles or seasonal demands and scales down as needed. 
 With more than 20 years in contact center outsourcing, Houlne believes independent workers, enabled by mobile technology, are modernizing business. “With its great versatility and responsiveness, there’s no denying that on-demand is finding its rightful place, a most productive place, in companies today.” 
 About Working Solutions 
With 23 years of success,  Working Solutions  is a recognized leader in onshore, on-demand contact center solutions. Its remote workforce includes sales, customer care and technical experts—with more than 150,000 registered agents in the United States and Canada. They deliver fast-flex business process outsourcing (BPO) services for clients and their customers across diverse industries, such as consumer services, healthcare, retail, travel and hospitality. 
 Media Contact: 
 Springfield Lewis, Director of Communications 
 slewis@workingsol.com 
19111 Dallas Parkway #180, Dallas, Texas 
Phone: 972-964-4800 x334 
 This Might Interest You... 
 
 Read More 
 
 Rising to #4 on FlexJobs’ 2021 Top 100 Companies 
 
 Read More 
 
 Working Solutions Spurs Growth with Housatonic Partners’ Investment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With 24 years of success, Working Solutions is a recognized leader in on-demand, onshore contact center outsourcing. 
 From across the U.S. and Canada, our workforce of sales, service and tech-support experts elevate customer care and improve business results. 
 
 Privacy 
 Careers 
 Responsibility 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working Solutions LLC 
 Contact 
