  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Admin Support  
 
 Admin Support Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Customer Support Representative 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 10 
 Job brief 
 Flowster.app  is the world’s leading workflow management SaaS application for the eCommerce industry, and we’re looking to hire a talented customer support representative to join our team. If you’re excited about being part of a fast growing SaaS startup, Flowster is a great place to grow your career. 
 We’re looking for a full-time customer support representative to communicate with customers via chat, email, video conference, and telephone. 
 Our team relies heavily on our documented processes and procedures, as these allow us to outsource, delegate and train new employees quickly and easily. As such, you will also be involved in creating and maintaining these procedures. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 
 Provide pre-sale, technical, and product support to Flowster customers via our chat and helpdesk platforms. 
 
 
 The occasional customer phone call or video chat. 
 
 
 Reproduce and document customer issues. 
 
 
 Track bug reports and analyze patterns to report to the development team. 
 
 
 Work with the Flowster development and marketing teams to address issues, recommend enhancements, improve the product, improve documentation, and reduce customer confusion. 
 
 
 A work schedule that aligns with typical North American working hours. 
 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Previous experience with customer support 
 An empathetic and patient approach to helping customers 
 A positive attitude 
 Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication 
 The ability to work effectively across multiple teams 
 A strong work ethic and careful attention to detail 
 Solid organizational skills: be able to balance multiple tasks, prioritize effectively, plan out schedules and follow them 
 
 About Us 
 Flowster is an international company with employees from over 10 different countries.  Our workflow software is used by thousands of eCommerce businesses. 
 We prioritize working hard while having fun, and we provide employees with competitive benefits and a flexible schedule. Travel is not required for this position. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  K. Last reply: 5 days ago  Canada 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Accounts receivable analyst  prime client 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 6 
 Please don't apply if you are not fluent in the Spanish language and advanced in the English language. Portuguese will be a plus :-) 
Please don´t apply if you are not an accountant with IFRS knowledge. 
 ----- 
Sirena is the one and only WhatsApp CRM. 
 We develop technology that simplifies sales communications. We help businesses communicate better with their customers in order to improve their sales. 
 Do you love performing administrative and accounting tasks? You have extreme attention to detail and have proficient skills in google sheets and using internet tools. 
 The time required: 4 hours per day at the beginning 
 -------------------------------- 
Your Main Responsibilities: 
-------------------------------- 
Use our ERP´s and Local invoice systems to emit invoices in Argentina, Brasil, México and USA. 
Help us organize and improve our database information and reporting systems according to IFRS standards. 
Help us controlling our ffss to assure that the revenue is correctly recognized according to ifrs. 
 -------------------------------- 
Required Skills and Knowledge: 
-------------------------------- 
IFRS accounting norms. 
Proficient use of Google Sheets 
High attention to detail. 
 -------------------------------------------------- 
What I am going to provide (input) 
-------------------------------------------------- 
Access to our systems, google drive, and sheets 
 ----------------------------------------- 
What I need from you (output) 
----------------------------------------- 
Ensure all the Databases are updated. Help us normalize the information. Help us execute the manual invoicing processes for special corporate clients. 
 ------------------------------ 
How To Quote 
------------------------------ 
For your quote to be considered please include in your proposal: 
 
 
 Please confirm you understand we always use Workana to pay our team. And that we don’t allow manual time (you MUST track your time in Workana Time Tracker). 
 
 
 Your hourly rate so we know how much it will cost us to keep working with you. 
 
 
 What is your experience with administrative tasks? Describe some tasks you’ve done. 
 
 
 In the first sentence of your proposal/quote include the word "IAMAWESOME" so I know that you've read our specs. 
IMPORTANT: If you don't include all of the above points, then we won't consider your quotation. 
 --------------------------------------- 
Communication style 
--------------------------------------- 
You’ll be expected to provide progress updates every day. 
When you’re working, you must be available on Slack (we’ll give you an account). 
When needed, you must be willing to do video calls on Zoom or hangouts. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  S. -. A. United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Phone Representative Required (Latin America Only) 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Hello I am Armando and we are looking for someone to join our Virtual Assistants team. 
 We are an automotive parts retailer based in the United States and most of our sales come from online and phone orders, we receive calls during the days from our customers asking for support to place an order, ask questions about a part, find the right part for their vehicle and more (Proper training will be provided and all the necessary tools) 
 These tasks will include but are not limited to: 
 - Helping customers through Phone Calls (Primary task, must be able to understand and speak English native speakers) 
- Simple use of excel documents 
- Data Entry 
- Any other tasks that may be required during the working hours. 
 We work from Mondays to Fridays.- Must be willing to work 35-40 hours a week 
 Things to consider: 
 - Have a fluent english level and being able to speak to native english speakers through the phone 
- You must have a computer with a reliable and strong internet connection, headset and/or microphone (Also a backup plan incase your electricity or internet fails) 
- A quiet working place is also a plus, where you can work uninterrupted 
- Willing to learn new things and work as a team to complete all the assigned tasks and objectives 
- We will start with a trial period of 1 week which will be paid and we will decide if we want to continue working together 
- Have a similar timezone to America's Eastern Time (GMT-4). 
 Please feel free to apply if you meet all the requirements above so we may discuss the details furthermore. Thank you! 
 Please write what's the capital of Germany in your proposal. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  A. B. Colombia 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Bilingual (Chinese - English) Customer Support Needed 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 About us: 
 Strikingly is a modern, mobile-optimized website builder that’s extremely easy to use. Our mission is to give everyone the power to unleash their individuality. 
 Our headquarters is currently based in Shanghai, China but we have deep Silicon Valley roots. We’re backed by Y Combinator (W13), SV Angel, Funders Club, Innovation Works, Infinity Ventures, Index Ventures, Kevin Hale, and many others. 
Project overview: 
 We're looking for a Bilingual Chinese - English customer support agent or Happiness Officers that will provide professional and friendly service through our email and live-chat channels. 
This person should have a passion for helping others and be able to stay calm under pressure. 
 You'll also translate our product into Chinese. You'll be given the tools to do so easily, and you translate regularly, and moderate others' translations. 
This project requires: 
- Customer support experience in a fast-paced environment 
- Great Chinese and English communication skills, both written and oral 
- Should love making customers happy! 
- Should have the ability to assess each customer’s issues 
- Knows how to deal with difficult customers/clients 
- Has good analytical and problem-solving skills 
- Has good accurate records keeping 
- Must be a good team player 
- Can work with minimal supervision 
- Ability to prioritize and multitask 
- Knowledge of Domains, SEO, and Analytics is a plus! 
- Must be able to work remotely and full-time (at least 40 hours per week) 
 What We Offer: 
 - Convenience in working from home 
- Fun and collaborative international working environment 
- Opportunities for career advancement 
- Training and growth opportunities 
- Paid leave with tenure of one(1) year and above 
 If you are looking for a stable and long term job, submit your proposal and share a brief summary of your experience! 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  A. Last reply: 1 week ago  Philippines 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Customer Operations Manager 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 9 
 We are interested and seeking a committed Customer Service Operations Representative(Administrative Operations Manager) who is looking for a better and legit way to supplement your earnings from home and advance your career professionally. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Published by:  W. G. Last reply: 5 days ago  United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 Customer support Needed 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 5 
 Virtual Customer Support  needed for Full Time Position/ per time (40 Hours per Week) Operation Hours: 9:00AM-5:30PM  .Position Title: Customer Support Full Time Position (40 Hours per Week) Operation Hours: 9:00AM-5:30PM Process emails received thru our ticketing system. Solve questions/inquiries from clients and ensure an excellent customer service experience 
 Receive phone calls (each call no longer than approximately 3 minutes). Solve questions/inquiries from clients and ensure an excellent customer service experience  

Reviewing, redacting and completing uploads for Customer Service and Investigators  
Send emails with information and documents/pages when needed  
 
 requests and/or to help Investigators with verification services 
 Hourly Rate: You would be paid at an hourly rate of $28.0 
0 (To be evaluated after 3 Month Trial) 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  O. United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 Virtual Administrative support needed 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 4 
 I need a administrative assistant to ensure efficient operation of the office. Supports managers and employees through a variety of tasks related to organization and communication. Responsible for confidential and time sensitive material. 
Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices and procedures. 
 Ability to effectively communicate via phone and email ensuring that all Administrative Assistant duties are completed accurately and delivered with high quality and in a timely manner. May direct and lead the work of others. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals and a wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. 
Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Answer and direct phone calls 
 Organize and schedule meetings and appointments 
 Maintain contact lists 
 Produce and distribute correspondence memos, letters, faxes and forms 
 Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports 
 Develop and maintain a filing system 
 Order office supplies 
 Book travel arrangements 
 Submit and reconcile expense reports 
 Provide general support to visitors 
 Provide information by answering questions and requests 
 Take dictation 
 Research and creates presentations 
 Generate reports 
 Handle multiple projects 
 Prepare and monitor invoices 
 Develop administrative staff by providing information, educational opportunities and experiential growth opportunities 
 Ensure operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; calling for repairs; maintaining equipment inventories; evaluating new equipment and technique 
 Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed 
 Carry out administrative duties such as filing, typing, copying, binding, scanning etc. 
 Organize travel arrangements for senior managers 
 Write letters and emails on behalf of other office staff 
 Book conference calls, rooms, taxis, couriers, hotels etc. 
 Cover the reception desk when required 
 Maintain computer and manual filing systems 
 Handle sensitive information in a confidential manner 
 Take accurate minutes of meetings 
 Coordinate office procedures 
 Reply to email, telephone or face to face enquiries 
 Develop and update administrative systems to make them more efficient 
 Resolve administrative problems 
 Receive, sort and distribute the mail 
 Manage staff appointments 
 Oversee and supervise the work of junior staff 
 Maintain up-to-date employee holiday record 
 Greet and assist visitors to the office 
 Photocopy and print out documents on behalf of other colleagues 
 Requirements: 
 Proven admin or assistant experience 
 Knowledge of office management systems and procedures 
 Excellent time management skills and ability to multi-task and prioritize work 
 Attention to detail and problem solving skills 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Strong organizational and planning skills 
 Proficient in MS Office 
 High school diploma or equivalent; college degree preferred 
 Administrative Assistant top skills & proficiencies: 
 Reporting Skills 
 Administrative Writing Skills 
 Microsoft Office Skills 
 Analysis 
 Professionalism 
 Problem Solving 
 Supply Management 
 Inventory Control 
 Verbal Communication 
 Office Administration Procedures 
 Typing Skills 
 Attention to Detail 
 Accuracy 
 Multitask 
 Teamwork 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  O. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
