
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Lead Product Designer. Chief. New York, NY, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 Chief is looking for a Lead Product Designer to join our growing team. This role is a critical hire that will work directly with product and engineering to scale our digital platform across web and mobile. This role will be responsible for transforming member insights into delightful and innovative product experiences that drive business results and member satisfaction. We are searching for a passionate and experienced product designer who can utilize their design talents to ensure we provide a high level of white-glove service and sophistication in our digital product that our members have come to expect from our brand. 
 Responsibilities: 
Work iteratively to design, refine, and validate solutions. 
Develop and maintain detailed user-interface and experience specifications, working closely with developers to see your design through to deployment 
Produce documentation to ensure your designs are well understood by stakeholders and detailed enough for efficient development. You ensure that you have accounted for variations across a wide variety of devices and platforms, handled error conditions and edge cases, and defined usable, elegant micro-interactions 
Earn trust with technical credibility, pragmatic decision making, and strong follow-through working with cross-functional teams 
Create quick prototypes and run user testing to make thoughtful decisions 
 What We’re Looking For: 
5-8 years of experience as a Product/UX/UI Designer 
Deep working knowledge of Figma (including proper usage of Autolayout, Components, etc.) 
A strong understanding of typography and systems and how to apply them programmatically 
A well-documented online portfolio of work demonstrating experience crafting user-centered design solutions 
Proven ability to take defined customer and business goals and translate them into effective design solutions. 
Ability to balance multiple priorities and effectively manage your time, and partners expectations 
Respectful decorum when challenging assumptions. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://beta.workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7951-chief-lead-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Figma 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Kinney Sheth 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
