Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Entry-Level Consultant - People Advisory Services - HR Systems 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The opportunity 
 EY’s people in more than 150 countries are committed to operating with integrity, quality and professionalism in the provision of audit, advisory, tax and transaction advisory services. We strive to help all of our people achieve their professional and personal goals through an inclusive environment that values everyone's contributions, appreciates diversity of thought, fosters growth, and provides continuous opportunities for development. Recognized as one of Canada's top employers, EY continually strives to be a great place to work. 
 Our People Advisory Services professionals assist our clients in successfully managing and sustaining people, process and/or technology change. This may include the identification and management of stakeholders, leadership development, organizational design, training, cultural assessment and development, talent management, workforce strategies, and planning and executing key communications. 
 We are looking for a Consultant to join our rapidly growing Systems practice in Toronto. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 Demonstrate a thorough understanding of complex HR technology and implementation concepts. 
Participate in client engagement activities and deliverables while engaging with a wide variety of clients to deliver professional services. 
Assist with development and successful management to the project budget. 
Deliver quality services. Value and model excellent client service by establishing goals and implementation plans to achieve high quality deliverables within expected timeframes. Monitor progress, manage risk and confirm key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes. 
Develop and maintain productive relationships with client management. Focus on deliverables and client business priorities. Manage expectations of service. Understand the client's industry and recognize key performance drivers and business trends. 
Clear and concise documentation. Documentation of final client deliverables should be tailored to the audience, highlight critical findings or decisions. Documentation varies from project level requirements, design, strategy and plan execution approach to executive level presentation materials. 
Foster an innovative and team-oriented work environment. 
Demonstrate high levels of technical and professional knowledge and quickly assimilate new knowledge. Keep up-to-date with current developments and trends in advisory services capabilities and industry knowledge. 
Participate in activities to generate new business opportunities. Understand Ernst & Young and its service lines and actively assess/present ways to serve clients. Sustain long-term client relationships and networks. Develop relationships with other Ernst & Young team members across all practices to serve client needs. 
 Skills and attributes for success 
 Problem solving skills, including: 
The ability to clearly define or clarify problem and expectations and determine appropriate solution tailored to the client needs 
The ability to work through a problem with limited information. Demonstrates an approach to take a problem or situation to the next steps 
Business analytical skills – make observations, anticipate client and management needs or expectations 
Team / work engagement – dealing with varying team /stakeholder environment, knowing importance of different communication styles and messaging based on different stakeholders 
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, etc. 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 A related Bachelor's degree 
Experience working with clients on solution gap opportunity analysis/recommendations and supporting or leading business process design, enhancements 
1 - 2 years project implementation experience 
General understanding of the end to end life-cycle of implementations 
Willingness to travel on short notice to meet client needs; travel is estimated at 30%. 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 HCM / HR technology knowledge and implementation experience ideal 
 What we look for 
 A demonstrated curiosity to understand how and why a problem or issue exists 
A creative approach and be comfortable with ambiguity and finding new solutions 
High level of motivation and a self-starting attitude 
Ability to think outside of the box, and thrive on new challenges 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
