  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne, England 
 Rate:  £600 - £700 per day 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Project Controls Manager 
 Project Controls Manager 
 Belgium 
 Job Reference:  JR706222 
 Rate:  £600 - £700 per day 
 Duration:  12 months initially - realistically 2-3 years 
 Project Controls Manager Job profile: 
 This is a client-side opportunity for a Project Controls Manager to join one of the world's largest tech firms on their hyperscale data centre construction project in Belgium. 
 This is being offered, initially, on a one-year contract, but will likely be extended on for 2-3 further years throughout the build of the data centre. 
 Project Controls Manager Key activities 
 The successful Project Controls Manager candidate's responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: 
 Preconstruction 
 
 Create and establish the Master Project Schedule, based on the Critical Path and key milestones. 
 
 (P6 cost/resource loaded schedule) 
 
 
 Create and establish the Master Project Budget, including soft costs and hard costs, bonds, insurance, contingencies, allowances, etc. 
 
 
 Support Contractor pre-qualification, bid solicitation, bid analysis and recommendations 
 
 
 Support Contract negotiation, typically in concert with the Client's PM and legal counsel, including establishment of all GC "business terms" including mark-ups, fees, insurance, labour rates, escalation, etc. 
 
 
 Provide / Gather cost estimates working with subs and other vendors for scope gaps/changes 
 
 
 Coordinate Value Engineering effort 
 
 
 Produce Cash flow projections on a monthly basis 
 
 
 Construction 
 
 
 Manage Cost / Change Control, including change order review, negotiation, & recommendations, delay analysis 
 
 
 Coordinate Value Engineering 
 
 
 Budget Management and Tracking 
 
 
 Schedule monitoring, tracking and analysis 
 
 
 Invoice / Payment Application processing, tracking and reporting 
 
 
 Tracking of all key documents, including change orders, invoices and payments, lien releases, etc 
 
 
 Close out / Fit Up 
 
 
 Negotiate, resolve and close out any outstanding change orders, quality issues or disputes 
 
 
 Process and track any final invoices, payment applications, retention payments, etc 
 
 
 Prepare and submit final project accounting and budget 
 
 
 Assist the client in scheduling, coordination and management of all Owner-direct vendors, consultants. 
 
 
 Project Controls Manager   specification 
 The following will be required of the Project Controls Manager: 
 
 
 Prior experience working on data centre construction projects is desirable, but candidates whose experience includes pharmaceutical, semiconductor, or other high-tech projects will also be considered 
 
 
 Strong P6 knowledge and experience 
 
 
 Project Controls Manager Personal Skills and Qualifications relevant to the Role 
 The successful Project Controls Manager will be the following: 
 
 
 Well organised 
 
 
 Adaptable, with the ability to multi-task. 
 
 
 Ability to interact with people at all levels, internally and externally. 
 
 
 Pro-active outlook and attitude. 
 
 
 To Apply for the position of Project Controls Manager, or to find out what other opportunities we can offer in the data centre construction sector, please contact Joe Raymond at Project Resource Ltd. 
 Services advertised by Project Resource are that of an Employment Agency/Business. 
 Project resource is an equality and diversity recruitment agent and employer. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  12 Months 
 
 
 Rate:  £600 - £700 per day 
 
 
 Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Project Resource Limited 
 
 
 Tel:  +441184 380 084 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 14:19:44 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Project Resource Limited  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Project Resource Limited 
 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor 
 M&E Coordinator  
 Managing Quantity Surveyor 
 Quantity Surveyor 
 Senior Planner 
 Senior Project Manager 
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Project Manager 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 Site Manager  
 Quantity Surveyor 
 Senior Site Manager 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor 
 Construction Administrator 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor 
 Planner 
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
