  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 SEO 
 
 SEO Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance SEO consultant ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/seo-1) 
 1 hour ago 
 Seo Writers (Bilingual French-English) 
 Published: 1 hour ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 0 
 The candidate will be required to generate content for our blog and write original content after sound research on given topics. You will be writing 1500-word SEO articles. Keywords will be provided. 
 We're looking for experienced and awesome French SEO content writers who can: 
 1. Develop original content for websites 
2. Develop SEO friendly Articles/Blogs 
3. 
Develop content for marketing collaterals 
4. Other marketing / SEO duties as assigned 
5. Impeccable English, grammar, and spelling are mandatory. 
 Are you a good fit? Check your qualifications! 
 1. Excellent French verbal and written communication skills 
2. Flexible Writing Styles 
3. 
Working knowledge of SEO and how it applies to Content Marketing 
4. Self Motivated 
5. At least 1-year work experience in digital marketing (working with SAAS company is preferred, but not required) 
 Interested? Please fill up our application form so we can start with the screening process: https://strk.l 
y/28t 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  F. E. Philippines 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 7 hours ago 
 Help, My Adsense Is Limited to Ads 
 Published: 7 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 I have a problem with Ads in My Adsense, I would like help from someone who can remove this limitation, I had already waited 30 days and the limitation disappeared, I put my ads on the site again and it was limited again, I need help with that 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. S. Brazil 
 USD 50 - 100 
 20 hours ago 
 Seo Plan Project 
 Published: 20 hours ago  Deadline: 14 Bids: 4 
 I need a Search Engine Optimization Specialist responsible for analyzing, reviewing and implementing websites that are optimized to be picked up by search engines. An SEO specialist will develop content to include keywords or phrases in order to increase traffic to website. SEO specialist to gather data of emails and letters and compile into a spreadsheet. 
Name, Address and Email. We have further projects needed similar to this. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  W. P. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 16 hours ago 
 Backlinker 
 Published: 16 hours ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 1 
 I'm looking for an experienced link builder for genuine outreach and backlink creation on 1 website. 
- Affiliate kitchen products blog 
 ** NOT web 2.0, spammed to death sites, link farms, PBNs etc ** (Please don't apply if that's your method) 
 I'm looking at these metrics requirements for the links: 
1-  da: +50 
2-  cf: +40 
3-  tf: +40 
4-  niche: backlink should be the same niche as the website 
5- textual backlink 
6- anchor text defined by us 
7- dofollow link 
8- url of backlink indexed in google 
 this will be a long term gig for the right person. Someone who is dedicated and digs into the details. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  A. Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 days ago 
 The Writing/Translation Project 
 Published: 2 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 10 
 I need proofreaders with transcription experience. Writers/Translators who can type documents, compiling and filing records, read and reply emails, scheduling appointments and completing general office tasks. Duties vary according to employer needs but Writing/Translation roles are versatile and multitasking. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  M. L. Last reply: 9 hours ago  United States 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 3 days ago 
 Copywriter with Seo expertise for website 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 4 
 Need someone that is expert in writing for websites. Bonus point if you've done something in the life science field. 
 Please send links from your portfolio 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. B. Brazil Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 days ago 
 Seo-builders 
 Published: 4 days ago  Deadline: 7 Bids: 2 
 #Thebestwebsitetotutorials. This is the best place to put your tutorials and earn money for frealance and etc in  internet.can  you earn money with everthing 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  P. H. S. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
