Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Field Sales Representative 
 Stanley Black & Decker 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 POSITION:  Field Sales Representative - BRANDS: DEWALT – PROTO- STANLEY– LENOX – IRWIN 
 DIVISION:  Global Tools & Storage 
 REPORTS TO:  Specialty Sales Manager 
 LOCATION:  Home Office – Toronto, ON 
 The Why 
 This diverse, purpose-driven Team at Stanley Black & Decker shares a unified passion for creating products, tools and solutions for those who make the world. This role will give you a strong understanding of how a world class Fortune 200 organization creates and implements different strategies across our various commercial brands focusing on performance, customer satisfaction & innovation. 
 The What 
Reporting directly to the Specialty Manager, the Field Sales Representative is responsible for executing the End User Brand Marketing Strategy. As an Field Sales Representative, you must be able to form strategic partnerships with professional End Users to deliver jobsite solutions, world class customer service and product innovation. Some of your daily activities will include cold calling on industrial, commercial and institutional construction sites, calling on construction company head offices, planning jobsite events and conducting safety training seminars for our tool and accessory brands. 
 The How 
 
 As the main point of contact for the company in the field, providing customer service, product knowledge, and sales expertise to our end users 
 This role will include visiting a variety of end user job sites and tools cribs in assigned region 
 Assisting Sales Team at distribution sales events; developing new contacts and closing sales 
 Building and maintaining relationships with End Users and internal Sales Force 
 Coordination and management of top customer purchasing 
 Supporting our distribution network as it pertains to large user needs 
 New business development within assigned region 
 
 What we need 
 College or University graduate 
Experience in sales and or marketing with a record of demonstrated achievements and leadership 
Willingness to travel 
Ability to work some weekends as needed 
Strong communication, organizational and interpersonal skills 
Ability to manage multiple priorities 
Creativity and strategic thinking skills 
Proficiency with computer software including MS Word and Outlook 
Valid Driver’s license and Clean Drivers Abstract 
Fluent in English and French both written and verbal 
 What you get 
 
 A utility role with independence 
 Opportunity for career advancement with a Fortune 200 Company 
 Competitive compensation & benefits package 
 Use of a company vehicle, cell phone & laptop 
 Company Perks including: Goodlife Fitness discounts, Employee Discounts on products, and many more! 
 
 Stanley Black & Decker believes in giving each and every applicant an equal opportunity to succeed on their own merit.We strive to hire employees that reflect and support the diverse perspectives, experiences and needs of employees and our communities. We remain committed to upholding the values of equity, diversity, and inclusion in our work environments. We know that diversity underpins excellence, and that we all share responsibility for creating an equitable, diverse and inclusive organization. Therefore, in pursuit of our values, we seek employees who will work respectfully and constructively with differences across the organizational hierarchy in actualizing SBD’s priorities, goals and principles of equity and inclusivity. If accommodation is required at any point in the recruitment process, please contact a member of our Recruitment Team. Please note that as part of our recruitment process, candidates in the final stages will be required to complete a background check which may include a criminal background, credit and drivers abstract check. 
 #LI-RD1 
 Requisition Number 
 74112BR 
 Business 
 Canada - GTS 
 No. of Positions 
 1 
 Function 
 Sales 
 Featured Category on SBD Careers 
 Sales 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
