If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 Fleet Feet Durham](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Durham, NC 
 Share 
 
 
 Depends on experience 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 Ask Us! 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 As an Outfitter, you are a key contributor to our brand’s success. We strive to inspire the runner in everyone by empowering anyone who runs through social experiences and personalized solutions. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running and fitness. You will be part of a dynamic group that builds and maintains meaningful relationships with customers, vendors, and peers by listening to customer needs, providing personalized solutions, and, ultimately, outfitting them with everything they need to get started or keep going. We pride ourselves on putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else. We truly believe that running changes everything. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 Proactive learner and sound decision maker 
 Passionate, positive, self-motivated and detail-oriented 
 Accountable and adaptable 
 Does the right thing 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 Willing to go above and beyond when needed 
 Communicate professionally with customers and team 
 Deliver the best customer experience by outfitting each customer that walks through the door 
 Support all Fleet Feet initiatives, activities and functions 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Passionate team members 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
