
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 No Hay Bronca 
 Travel Stories and Practical Tips for Mexico 
 ](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com/ "No Hay Bronca") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Bio and Writing Samples 
 Study Spanish 
 Teach English 
 Travel in Mexico 
 
 YouTube   Twitter   Facebook   RSS Feed 
 <- Photos of Mexico Part 1 
 Semana Santa in Mexico: Watch a Reenactment of the Crucifixion of Christ -> 
 How to Get Your First International English Teaching Job 
 Feb 15 
 Posted by  Ted Campbell 
 I was half asleep, my head on the desk. I’d been in  South Korea  for about a month, though the school had only been open for a few days. 
 I was one of the first teachers at a brand new school, and I had no teaching experience. Our boss had no experience running an English school either, though he did already own a small kindergarten. 
 The secretary stepped into the teacher’s room. “You have a class.” 
 Really? I shook out the cobwebs and walked down the hall to the sparkling new classroom. At a table sat a 13-year-old boy, calm and expressionless with a notebook open in front of him. Two children rolled and played on the floor. 
 The boy and I chatted. What’s your name? How old are you? Where are you from? 
 He spoke English quite well, sitting up straight with his hands folded in his lap. I told the two kids on the floor to join us. One hit the other, and they both started screaming. 
 This was my class? 
 
 Welcome to EFL teaching 
 EFL stands for  English as a Foreign Language  , also known as ESL,  English as a Second Language. 
 This isn’t your high school English class, writing essays and reading  The Great Gatsby  , but teaching the English language to people who speak another language. 
 There are three things to know before you pursue a career in EFL: the requirements, which country to choose, and how to find the right type of school. 
 The basics 
 A common misconception is that anyone who speaks English can teach EFL, though in a way this is true. Any motivated, hardworking English speaker could find an entry-level EFL teaching job somewhere in the world. 
 But not everyone will be good at it. Some people aren’t cut out to be teachers, and you really won’t know if you’re good at it you unless you give it try. 
 There’s a lot more to teaching English than simply speaking it as a native language or even knowing grammar. (Though you should learn grammar – get a copy of  The Elements of Style  or  Essentials of English .) 
 
 
 Another common misconception about teaching English in a foreign country is that if you teach in Mexico, you need to speak Spanish. Or if you teach in Japan, you need Japanese, and so forth. This is not true. In fact, you will give a more effective class if you teach only in English, even for beginners. 
 However, once you leave the classroom, you'll obviously need the local language in everyday life. Make the effort - it will make your experience much better. I always thought there was something strange about language teachers who aren't interested in learning other languages. 
 The requirements 
 For decent teaching jobs in most parts of the world, the basic requirement is a four-year bachelor’s degree in anything. They will want to see your diploma and transcripts, so make sure you bring originals, along with backup copies or digital photos. 
 For better job prospects and to learn a little about how to be a teacher, a TESL/TEFL/TESOL certificate will help. They are the same. TESOL/TESL means  Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages . 
 Most courses teach teaching methods, lesson planning, and advanced English grammar. Also, most good ones include a practicum, where you must find an ESL school, observe classes, and get some teaching practice. 
 You can do a course in a physical school or online. To find a school, just Google “TESL” (or one of its variations) and the closest city. You may find a course in a community college or an ESL school, where foreigners go to study English. 
 An online course is a good option. The price will tell you how reputable it is. For a complete curriculum, such as what you would learn in a classroom, expect a price of around $1,000 USD. This may not include the price of the practicum. 
 You can find a cheapie certificate online for as low as $100, and some schools might accept it. But for schools that require it, it may not be enough. 
 For example, if you want to work at a reputable school in Canada, you need a TESL certificate that is recognized by an organization called TESL Canada. I got mine online from a school called Coventry House at  ontesol.com . 
 However, these courses aren’t necessary for many entry-level jobs. Take a look at the requirements for jobs in the country you want to teach in. The type of job that requires a TESL certificate may also require experience, usually two years. You can always do a TESL course after your first year teaching. 
 And honestly, these courses do not fully prepare you for being a teacher. You learn to be a teacher by teaching and asking advice from more experienced coworkers. 
 Many schools understand this, and there is such a demand for teachers in some countries (especially South Korea, Japan and Taiwan) that someone with no experience and no certification other than a bachelor’s degree can easily find a job. 
 Other requirements depend on the country and type of school. You will find many schools that want previous experience as a teacher, often more than two years. 
 Take a look at some ads online to get an idea of what specific countries and types of schools are looking for. 
 Where to go 
 Where do you want to go: Asia, Europe, Latin America, Africa? 
 Jobs are available everywhere in the world, including cities in English-speaking countries like New York, Vancouver, London, and Melbourne. 
 Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan, the three most developed countries of East Asia, typically offer the most entry-level job opportunities and best pay. 
 There are jobs in other parts of Asia, like China or Thailand, but with no experience you may get paid very little. 
 The same goes for Latin America – plenty of opportunities, low pay. But if you are thinking long term, after a year or two you will have more opportunities with better pay and benefits, such as universities. 
 Europe can be tricky because there are so many multilingual people already living there. Most schools require experience, often a minimum of two years. 
 Some of the most lucrative jobs in EFL are in Saudi Arabia and Dubai. Private schools offer large tax-free income and loads of benefits, but usually ask for a minimum of two years experience. If you really want to go, consider getting your experience elsewhere and then moving on. 
 Dave’s ESL Café  is the best resource for finding a job online. Spend some time on the site – get to know which countries are hiring and what the requirements and benefits are. You’ll get an idea of the types of schools available in various countries: elementary/high schools, small private schools, government schools, universities. 
 Search for other sites, articles like this one, or specific schools. You may not want to get a job off the internet, but at least you can get some knowledge about the teaching market of a country that interests you. 
 
 Different schools 
 For an entry-level teaching job, your best option is a small language school, often called academies, cram schools, or its name in the local language (  hogwan  in Korea, for example). 
 These may be for kids, adults, or both. 
 If for kids, you will probably teach kindergarten in the morning and then school-age kids in the afternoon. This is a great place to learn how to teach, because there’s less pressure to know what you are doing. If you teach adults, you’d better know grammar. 
 Berlitz, for example, is an international company that focuses on adults, often business people. Many schools like Berlitz have classes in the early morning and late afternoon and a long break mid-day. Or you will teach in companies and factories, traveling to them on public transportation all over town. 
 Teaching university almost always requires experience, but these can be some of the best jobs in EFL, with good pay, good benefits, and vacation time. The same goes for elementary/middle/high schools, although you might find these more challenging because of larger class sizes and discipline problems with immature students. 
 In many countries you will make a lot of money teaching private lessons. So when weighing your options, don’t only look at how much the pay is, but what your schedule will be like. A job with fewer hours per week gives you more time to teach private lessons. But be ethical; don’t take students from your employer. 
 
 Two options to get the job 
 To get a job, you can find one beforehand (probably online), or travel to your country of choice and hit the streets. 
 Finding a job beforehand has advantages, especially for first-time teachers. The school may pay for your flight. They may even pick you up from the airport. You won’t have the stress of getting around a new country, dealing with a new language, and worrying about your money running out. Most will provide an apartment. 
 The downside of getting a job while still at home is that you won’t know exactly what you are getting into. I got my first teaching job in South Korea from home, and I was lucky: My boss was honest – we became friends even – and he kept to the contract. 
 Many people aren’t so lucky. They find out that they will have to work strange hours. Or they are underpaid and given a dingy apartment. Or they have a long commute. The point is that you won’t know until you get there, though it’s a good idea to speak with other English teachers at the school. 
 And not all good jobs advertise online. For example, you’ll rarely find a good university job on Dave’s ESL Café. 
 And if you don’t have a bachelor’s degree and still want to teach EFL, you’ll have to search for small, independent schools that will hire you just because you are a native speaker. These places don’t often advertise online for teachers. 
 So the second choice is for the adventurous: fly to the country you’re interested in and hit the streets. That’s what I did here in Mexico. 
 Finding a job in person has many advantages. You can find the jobs that aren’t advertized online. Ask around, look for advertisements in university newspapers – you will find the schools. 
 More importantly, you can get a face-to-face interview and weigh your options. You can see the school, meet the person who will be paying you, and take a look around the neighborhood you will be living in. 
 Of course, this method has disadvantages – the greatest being that you may run out of money while on the job search. 
 Also, if you find a job in person they may not pay for your flight or your apartment, and you may have to apply for the working visa by yourself. 
 What to expect 
 You can expect stress, confusion, frustration, maybe homesickness, and possibly a broken contract. 
 Be as patient and flexible as possible, in and outside of the classroom. Dealing with a new culture takes time. Even after years, you won’t fully understand certain social conventions. 
 There’s a time to be firm as well. Make sure you get what you’ve been promised, especially if you agree to a contract while still back home. 
 During my two years in Korea, I learned how to teach. I traveled all over  South Korea . I traveled to China, Japan, Thailand, Vietnam, and the Philippines. At the end I went back to the Philippines for three months of beaches, scuba diving, and forgetting about classrooms full of small children. 
 13 years and four countries later, and I’m a university professor and translator in Mexico. I never planned on making EFL a career. I just wanted to see the world from the inside, not be a tourist, but a resident. 
 It was a good decision. 
 
 For general info on teaching abroad, click here . For information on teaching in Mexico, please see:  ESL Teaching in Mexico as a Freelancer  and  How to Work Legally in Mexico . 
 I can recommend this book too, from a guy who knows what he 's talking about: 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 About Ted Campbell 
 U.S./Canadian writer, translator and professor in Mexico. Travel stories and practical tips on my blog No Hay Bronca: nohaybronca.wordpress.com // Twitter: @NoHayBroncaBlog // Contact: nohaybroncablog (at) gmail.com 
  View all posts by Ted Campbell »  
 Posted on February 15, 2015, in  education ,  South Korea ,  Teaching ESL ,  Working in Mexico  and tagged  efl teaching ,  ESL teaching ,  teach english ,  work and travel . Bookmark the  permalink .  9 Comments . 
 <- Photos of Mexico Part 1 
 Semana Santa in Mexico: Watch a Reenactment of the Crucifixion of Christ -> 
 
 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 Comments 9 
 
 
 
 Maureen H |   August 4, 2018 at 2:00 pm 
 
 Hi Ted, You have so much content, I love it! I'm currently working on my TEFL certificate and am planning to move to Mexico to teach. I'm interested in learning more about teaching methods. Do the language schools provide any direction or am I pretty much coming up with everything on my own? I do not have teaching experience so I am trying to prepare in the U.S. as much as I can before I leave. My program does require a practicum and I am looking for additional teaching opportunities. thanks! 
 Reply 
 
 Glenn Medberry |   January 16, 2017 at 4:26 pm 
 
 Fascinating read. From a vicarious world traveler. 
 Reply 
 
 Julius Janits |   November 27, 2016 at 3:54 pm 
 
 Hi Ted, 
 A Great read and advice for anyone in the profession or planning the dive into a new venture. And such is my case, as I am seriously considering English language teaching in Mexico. Have no certificate as yet but in the works. 
 I live in Canada, and trying to exhaust all avenues in making the right decision associated with realistic expectations without major setbacks. One factor I need to firm up is, are there stipulations regarding age to be hired for a posting. I am sixty and have a B A and had a professional career in sales sector. So I guess this skirts the topic from two angles: the local school standards / expectations and the official government visa / permit regulations on age. 
 Appreciate your input. Many thanks in advance. 
 Cheers, 
Julius 
 Reply 
 * [Ted Campbell](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com) | [ November 28, 2016 at 6:25 am](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com/2015/02/15/how-to-get-your-first-international-english-teaching-job/#comment-8880)
 
 Hi Julius, thanks for the comment. Tough question, and I'm not 100% sure, but I don't believe there are any age restrictions on the working visa. Also I doubt that any schools would have one either, although you may encounter informal "ageism." But a greater barrier for a job at a good school (one that wouldn't care about your age) would be a lack of teaching experience. I suggest that once you get the certification, look for a language school where you live in Canada and work there for 6 months or a year. Every major city has many, and some smaller towns too. That way when you get to Mexico you'll already have experience on your resume, and you'll learn a lot more about how to teach by doing it than by studying it, if that makes sense. 
Good luck! 
 Reply 
 
 robana |   April 21, 2015 at 1:59 am 
 
 i want to teach english online 
 Reply 
 
 Neil Novack |   February 15, 2015 at 7:15 pm 
 
 Requested page not found…I tired clicking, copy and paste, and the rest of this story isn't there. 
 Reply 
 * [TC](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com) | [ February 16, 2015 at 9:14 am](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com/2015/02/15/how-to-get-your-first-international-english-teaching-job/#comment-7678)
 
 Hi Neil, I don't know why that link doesn't work, sorry, but if you go to the home page you will see the story. 
 Reply 
 
 Danny C |   February 15, 2015 at 2:16 pm 
 
 TC thank you for this information!! Its very inspiring, any good cities in South America you would recommend for English teaching? 
 Reply 
 * [TC](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com) | [ February 16, 2015 at 9:15 am](https://nohaybronca.wordpress.com/2015/02/15/how-to-get-your-first-international-english-teaching-job/#comment-7679)
 
 Thanks for the nice comment Danny. I haven't traveled in too many cities in South America, but some of my favorites were Quito and Cuenca, Ecuador; La Paz, Bolivia; and of course Rio de Janiero. But I'm sure every major city has EFL schools. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 1,584,429 hits 
 
 
 
 Follow No Hay Bronca on WordPress.com 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cancun and Mayan Riviera 5-Day Itinerary 
Most famous for Cancun, the Mayan Riviera is Mexico's tourist fantasyland...  More Details 
 
 Your Chiapas Adventure: San Cristobal de las Casas and Palenque, Mexico 
One of the most beautiful cities in Mexico, colonial San Cristobal de las Casas...  More Details 
 Join Amazon Kindle Unlimited 30-Day Free Trial 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Mexican Slang Master List 
 Top 10 Mexican Slang 
 Top 20 Mexican Slang (Top 10 Mexican Slang Part 2) 
 A Spanish Cheat Sheet for Travelers in Mexico 
 5 Days in Cancun on a budget - What to do? 
 Driving in Mexico: Everything You Need to Know 
 
 
 
 Mexico Guide 
 
 10 Tips for Adjusting to Life in Mexico 
 Air Travel in Mexico 
 Airport in Mexico City: Tips 
 Authentic Eating in Mexico 
 Books for Studying Spanish 
 Bus Travel in Mexico 
 Driving and Renting Cars in Mexico 
 Guide to Fruit in Mexico 
 Guide to Mexican Beer 
 Guide to Mexican Markets 
 How to Get a Hotel in Mexico (or Anywhere) 
 How to Manage Your Money in Latin America 
 Insider Tips for Living in Mexico 
 Is Mexico Safe? 
 Mexican Spanish and Slang 
 Mexican Spanish for Travelers 
 Recommended Reading for Mexico 
 Tips for Cancun and the Mayan Riviera 
 Tips for Chichen Itza 
 Top Tips for Traveling in Mexico 
 What to Pack for a Trip to Mexico 
 
 
 
 Get to Know Mexico 
 
 5 Routes and Regions for an Authentic Mexican Visit 
 Day of the Dead 
 DIscovering Music on the Road 
 Intro to Latin American Music 
 Music in Spanish 
 Pure Evil is a Potato Thief 
 Survival of the Fittest in Mexico 
 Top 12 Places in the Mayan Riviera 
 Witness a Crucifixion in Mexico 
 
 
 
 Other Parts of the World 
 
 10 Tips for Traveling in Latin America 
 3 Essentials You Need to Be an Expat 
 A Drinking, Smoking, Womanizing Saint 
 Beautiful Guatemala 
 Bugs and Boars in the Bolivian Jungle 
 Chicabal Lake Volcano: Grassroots Ecology in Guatemala 
 Costa Rica 
 Lunch Under the Volcano (Ecuador) 
 South Africa 
 South Korea 
 The Bounty Hunter in My Basement 
 Why is Latin America Poor but the U.S. is Rich? 
 
 
 
 Amazon Associates Disclosure 
 
 
 We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. 
 Blog posts may contain affiliate links to  amazon.com  or  booking.com . If you make a purchase using these links, I receive a payment at  no additional cost  to you. 
 If you want to support this blog, please  click the links above and bookmark them . Thank you. 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Scuba Diving in the Cenotes of the Mayan Riviera 
 Travels in Mexico, 2019: Part 2 
 Travels in Mexico, 2019: Part 1 
 Tips for Flying in Mexico and Finding Cheap Domestic Flights 
 Hiking the Huge Mountains of Mexico City: Izta-Popo National Park 
 The Mark of the Michelada: All about Beer in Mexico 
 The Monarch Butterfly Migration to Mexico 
 Travel in Costa Rica 
 Destination Events in the Mayan Riviera, 2019 
 Cycling in Mexico: Toluca to Valle de Bravo by Mountain Bike 
 The essentials for being an expat 
 With so many places to visit in Mexico, where should you go? 
 New Editions of My Guidebooks to Cancun/Mayan Riviera and Chiapas 
 Hollie Cook in Mexico City 
 David Byrne live, 2018: an American Utopia in Mexico 
 Vive Latino Music Festival, Mexico City, 2018 
 Tips for Teaching English Abroad 
 Destination Events in the Mayan Riviera, 2018 
 15 Money-Saving Tips for Cancun and the Mayan Riviera 
 Day of the Dead in Photos, 2017 
 
 
 
 Friends of NHB and sites I like: 
 
 Bad words in Mexican Spanish 
 BC Trees hip-hop free download 
 Dreamland: Sam Quinones 
 English Teacher X 
 hillydilly - Simply Good Music 
 Mexican food blog - El Chino Latino 
 Mexican food blog - food for health 
 My Heart of Mexico 
 My Spanish Notes 
 Narratively 
 New World Review 
 Planeta 
 Playa Zipolite 
 Ron Mader 
 Study Spanish in Guatemala 
 Tall Travels - English teacher in Oaxaca 
 The Omnivorous Traveler 
 Transitions Abroad 
 Yucatan Times 
 
 
 
 Choose: 
 
 
 culture   cycling / MTB   education   Food   Guatemala   immigration   LANGUAGE   Learning Spanish   Lessons from the Road   Mayan Ruins   Mexico   Music   Reading material   safety in mexico   Teaching ESL   Travel   Travel in Guatemala   Travel in Mexico   Uncategorized   Working in Mexico 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month December 2020  May 2020  March 2020  January 2020  August 2019  May 2019  April 2019  February 2019  December 2018  October 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  January 2018  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  June 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  September 2015  August 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  October 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011 
 
 
 Search this blog: 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
