  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Senior Frontend Developer 
 at Push Doctor 
 go back to Developer Jobs 
 
 
 __Manchester 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Manchester 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 We are seeking a Senior Frontend Developer to Join the team who will lead the design and development of effective software that meets complex product and business needs. 
 You will be firmly hands-on with most of your time working with designers, developers and testers to deliver high quality scalable applications to support product delivery. You will be excited to work in a high-growth organisation, eager to rise to the challenge. 
 In this role you will: 
 ● Review and give constructive feedback on others' code 
 ● Drive work to successful completion across the immediate team 
 ● Write appropriate tests using automated test driven techniques for ensuring code quality and coverage 
 ● Integrate the software with monitoring and support tools 
 ● Ensure the teams software works in its operating environment 
 ● Write, review and take responsibility for technical documentation 
 ● Lead troubleshooting and resolution of issues throughout the product life cycle, including out of hours support for incident resolution 
 ● Participate in and lead as required, the team's agile planning and delivery process 
 ● Effectively participate in and help improve the team's software development methodologies, such as pairing, code and documentation reviewing and continuous delivery 
 ● Work with project, product and technical leads to design software and create implementable specifications and tasks at feature and component level 
 ● Mentor and coach more junior staff. Provide technical leadership and direction to peers and colleagues. 
 ● Learn new technologies and keep abreast of existing technologies and help introduce them where appropriate 
 Knowledge, skills and experience: 
 ● Experience with Angular 2 and above. AngularJS is a perk. 
 ● Extensive experience writing and maintaining large scale robust production software in a fast changing environment with rapid release cycles 
 ● Expertise with one or more mainstream development and deployment tool chains (CD/CI) 
 ● Understanding of software design patterns and SOLID principles. 
 ● Expertise in test driven development and broader testing and QA concerns 
 ● Expertise in developing for operational and non functional concerns (monitoring integration, performance testing, scale, availability and resilience, security considerations) 
 ● Extensive experience of project working and professional software development processes, including agile 
 ● Competence in translating product requirements into technical solutions 
 ● Demonstrable experience in using design patterns 
 ● Effective leadership and collaboration inside and beyond the team. The ability to influence diverse stakeholders effectively 
 ● Takes responsibility for driving work to completion across the team 
 ● Technical Lead on at least 1 Medium/Large sized project or significant areas of work (6 months +) 
 Desirable  : 
 ● Worked on multiple projects or codebases concurrently 
 ● Software engineering or computer science degree or equivalent 
 ● Experience of mentoring and supporting less experienced members of the team 
 Company Overview 
 Push Doctor is a multi-award-winning digital health company that enables you to have a video consultation with a GP within 6 minutes on any device. We're growing at a phenomenal pace and we're looking for amazing people to join us on our game-changing adventure to make millions of people healthier and happier. 
 Push Dr Values: 
 Empathy 
 We are curious, caring and passionate. We have experienced healthcare ourselves and use research and insight to understand the aspects of healthcare we have yet to experience. Whenever empathy seems out of reach, we are proactive in bringing it into focus. 
 Ambition 
 We carve the path for others to follow, setting industry standards and transforming healthcare for the better. We are anything but new to this and have so much to be proud of. Together, we are unstoppable. 
 Resilience 
 Everything we do should add value to our service. We optimise and occasionally overhaul every aspect of the experience we provide, challenging expectations of what health can (and should) be. This isn't something that happens overnight, so we need to be resilient and never lose faith. 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 In house gym 
 Free snacks / food / drinks / fruit in the office 
 Flexible working 
 Life Insurance 
 Headspace - Meditation App 
 
 Published at 3 Jun 2020 - Expires on 3 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Push Doctor 
 parttime  Medical officer  at Push Doctor in Manchester 
 __20-11-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
