
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Creative Director - Copywriting . Mint Mobile. Costa Mesa, CA, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 We’re disrupting the wireless category, wanna play? 
 Mint Mobile is on the hunt for an extremely creative copywriting Creative Director – a conceptual maven to help us disrupt the D2C premium wireless space. This is THE opportunity to develop revolutionary/break-through digital and traditional creative and have a direct impact on shaping our hyper-growth brand. Big moves and risk-taking are our norm; A-list celeb ✓ (AKA “our new boss”), Superbowl TV spot ✓, World Series ✓, Twitter battle with Dairy Farmers of America?? ✓✓! 
 You’ll be the partner-in-crime to our Creative Director (design) and work closely with our CMO, marketing army & entire creative team. You have proven success in the digital landscape, having crushed it with digitally-led omnichannel campaigns. The ideal candidate is not only a copywriting virtuoso but also a digitally savvy creative strategist. 
 You are a gifted storyteller, understand how to construct narratives, and possess the ability to bring ideas that deliver on brand objectives with our target consumer in mind. You know how to evaluate, create and uphold continuity of brand tone with boldness and confidence. You are well-experienced in presenting/pushing your creative ideas forward, collaboratively. 
 View the whole job posting here: https://grnh.se/bb0403a43us 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/6664-mint-mobile-creative-director-copywriting  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 10+ years 
 Skills 
 Copywriting, Creative Direction, Digital, Social Media Strategy 
 Date Posted 
 October 1, 2020 (Originally posted January 21, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 Mint Mobile - looking for creative rock-stars 
 Perks 
 
 Dog friendly 
 Food 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Stock options 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
