  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Campground Job Tips: More Tips for Campground and RV Park Workers 
 Campground job tips are the seeming little things that make a big difference in whether your campground and RV park work is a good experience or a bad one. Life hacks for campground workers! 
 Campground Job Tips: 
 ~~ Check the time zones before making phone calls. If you are on the east coast and call an employer on the west coast, at 10:00 a.m. your time, it is only 7:00 a.m. his time. And, if you are in a western state and make an evening call at 9:00 pm your time, you are calling the employer who lives in an eastern state at midnight! 
 ~~ If you want to make extra money while working at a campground, consider pet sitting or dog walking. 
 ~~ When you talk to a prospective employer, do it on a speaker phone so you and your partner can both hear and respond. 
 Make Your Campground Job Better with These Tips 
 ~~ Go into the campground job with a positive attitude. This campground job tip is essential to your success! 
 ~~ Ask about the campground's clientele. Do they cater to young families with children or retired seniors? Are most of the sites for seasonal or long term renters, or is it a stop-over park where most guests only stay a night or two? 
 ~~ When a help wanted ad or job offer indicates that a full hook-up (FHU) site is included, it typically means that the site has water, sewer, and electrical hook-ups. It does not necessarily mean that the campground is going to pay your cost for using them. Similarly, Cable TV, WiFi, or a landline telephone hook-up may be available at the site, but you cannot safely assume you can use them without an additional charge. 
 Campground Job Tips Can Help You Find the Right Campground for You 
 ~~ There is no such thing as a "standard" number of hours to work in exchange for an RV site. 
 ~~ Contact your accountant or tax expert to see which of your expenses are legal tax deductions. Ask about deducting such things as travel expenses, cost of special clothing, tools you use on the job, and other job related expenditures. 
 ~~ Pay to stay at a campground before you accept a job there. That will give you a good idea of how current staff and management treat customers. It will allow you to get a "feel" for the park. I've been working with RVers for over 25 years, and this is what I consider the most important of all campground job tips. Following this one tip can save you thousands of dollars, thousands of miles of rushed travel, and prevent huge amounts of frustration. 
 ~~ Double-check the contact information you put on your resume and in your emails. A campground owner cannot hire you if he can't get a hold of you. If you don't follow this campground job tip, you won't get the position. 
 ~~ If you respond to a help wanted ad and don't hear back within a couple of days, do a follow-up contact. 
 ~~ If you respond to a help wanted ad, and don't hear back, even after you have followed up multiple times, accept that you are not being considered for the position. (Some campground tips aren't what you want to hear. But it is best to accept it and look onward for another position.) 
 Find Great Campground Jobs for You with These Tips 
 ~~ Bartering isn't always your best deal. You may be better off to work for an hourly wage and pay the regular price for your RV site. 
 ~~ Before accepting a campground job, find out when you are expected to be on-site. There may be a requirement that you are at the campground certain times of the day, or certain days of the week, even if you are not scheduled to perform a specific duty during those times. 
 ~~ Combine an RV-home business with your camp host job. It may provide you with extremely beneficial, legal income tax deductions. 
 ~~ How many hours you should work in exchange for your RV site is totally up to you. It depends on how many hours you are willing to work without feeling the campground owner is taking advantage of you. 
 Campground and RV park jobs vary so much, that you cannot safely make assumptions. Ask questions. Ask for clarification. Use these campground job tips to make your work experience a good one. 
 Read more about working in RV parks and campgrounds. 
 See more tips for working campers and RVers here on WOW.  
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Hilton Head Island Motorcoach Resort Hilton Head Island SC  
 
 
 Jan 25, 21 06:59 PM 
 Live and Work in Paradise - South Carolina Hilton Head Island Motorcoach Resort has openings for Workamping couples starting March 2021 for our spring/summer 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 25, 21 06:59 PM]: 2021-01-25T18:59:07-0500 
