Skip to content 
   
  La Femme Exec 
 Empowering Black Millennial Women to Own their Careers 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Who We Are 
 Black Girl Magic 
 Contact 
 
   
 Lady Bosses 
 Innovating the Beauty Industry with Rica Elysee 
 January 28, 2018February 28, 2018   Jasmine Mbadugha 
 “Beauty will change the world " 
 Rica Elysee is the founder and CEO of BeautyLynk, a tech company focused on transforming the beauty industry with technology. Before to devoting her work full time to BeautyLynk, Rica served as a Nonprofit Fundraising Executive for local to national organizations focused on empowerment and education. This upcoming year, Rica is releasing her first book Dressing My Boobs: A Journey in Entrepreneurship. In addition to being an entrepreneur, Rica is a sought out speaker and coach that has been featured in Forbes, CNBC and Black Enterprise . 
 What inspired the vision of “Beauty Lynk”? 
 Two years ago, a family member with disabilities needed assistance with her hair services after a cancelled appointment. I reached out to beauty professionals in the area and I was lucky to find someone who was available to come to our home. It was not until the beauty professional asked me if he could work from our home that I realized this platform could actually come into fruition. With time, my vision of wanting to make the world a more beautiful place grew 
 How did you navigate your career change from corporate America to Entrepreneurship? 
 It was an interesting transition for me jumping from being supervised and instructed to being self motivated. Each day that passed, I had to create my own rules to manage my time. After a year, I have mastered time management and built a successful team. Now I have a routine that has led to some great success for the company. 
 " You control your destiny so make sure that you have access to knowledge and connect to people; that is the best way to build your platform". 
 What is your favorite about your job? And the most challenging? 
 Being a Founder and a CEO , one of my favorite things to do is learn. It gives me the tools to run a better business and support my team. The most challenging part of my job is being able to distinguish when I am managing to empower or dictating tasks that need to be done. It is one of the things that I am learning on the job. 
 The black beauty industry is unfortunately  not  run by women of color, how did you go about finding mentors in the industry? 
 The beauty industry is a fragmented industry with great opportunities to connect with like minded people. In building BeautyLynk, I focused on speaking to people that built out tech products, licensed professionals and customers that fit our profile. These relationships led to mentors that have significant experience in business and tech. 
 “It was an interesting transition for me jumping from being supervised and instructed to being self motivated. Each day that passed, I had to create my own rules to manage my time. After a year the rules to manage my time built my team. Now I have a routine that has led to some great success for the company”. 
 What Career advice can you give to aspiring professionals in the beauty industry? Whether it’s the corporate or entrepreneurial route? 
 _You control your destiny so make sure that you have access to knowledge and connect to people; that is the best way to build your platform  .  _ 
 Follow her on:  https://medium.com/@ricaelysee  🙂 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  #ladyboss #beauty 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postCareer Crush : Zeina Barr 
 Next postCareer Crush: Tsion Gurmu 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Tweets 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Category Cloud 
 Beauty   Consulting   Consumer Goods   Diversity & Inclusion   Entrepreneur   Fashion   Finance   forbes30u30   Founder   Girls Who Code   Lady Bosses   Media & Enterainment   Mental Health   Millenial Lady Boss   millennial lady bosses   Millennials   Public Relations   Social Impact   Technology   Uncategorized   Women in Business   Women in Fashion   Women in Law   Women in Media   Women in Medicine   Women in Policy   Women in Retail   Women in Science   Women in Sports   Women in Tech 
 Copyright. La Femme Exec 2018 
 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Facebook  
 
 Future Lady Bosses 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe :) 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
