Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Direct Care Worker 
 The Salvation Army B.C. Deborah’s Gate 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 SALARY :  Per Collective Agreement 
 DAYS & TIME:  Variable shifts and hours (including days, evenings, overnights, weekends, and statutory holidays) 
 NO. OF VACANCIES:  1 
 Responsibilities 
Interviews vulnerable clients to prepare intake case histories and background information for which strict confidentiality is required and assists in maintenance of client files. 
Utilises knowledge of issues pertaining to women, women with children, domestic violence/abuse, mental health, addictions, homelessness and internal policies and procedures to provide therapeutic support and education. Acts as a positive role model. 
Maintains awareness of any problems (medical, behavioural or other) experienced by clients. Reports pertinent information to supervisor. 
Ensures that program procedures are maintained. 
Provides client with referral services within the community and / or social services resources. 
Provides input with regard to the development of appropriate program plans to achieve client objectives. Contributes to the evaluation of client progress. 
Provides basic life skills assistance (personal hygiene, mental and physical health, communication, anger management, etc.) and refers clients to internal Life and Living skills programs when appropriate 
Ensures client supervision and safety and complies with relevant program Policies and Procedures. 
Assesses client suitability to other Salvation Army programs and other agencies as required. 
Maintains appropriate records and statistics, ensures that all required documentation is accurate and complete. 
Performs client discharge functions as necessary during shift including the packing and securing of clients possessions. 
Attends and participates in meetings as required. 
Works with the Supervisor to develop programs and procedures as related to client care. 
Carries out all responsibilities as listed on applicable shift responsibility guidelines including assisting with delivery of meals and floor lobby kitchen area clean up. 
 Additional Information: 
This position is required to work in a stressful environment dealing with clients in crisis situations brought about by diverse problems. The ability to function independently and frequently under pressure, while managing multiple concurrent tasks including emergency situations is an ongoing expectation of this position. Direct program activities may require a moderate level of physical fitness to effectively carry out the duties of the position. 
Qualifications 
 Education/Certifications: 
Mature individual, who is committed to the mission of the Salvation Army and is willing and able to work within the Salvation Army doctrine and theology 
Completion of Grade 12 or the equivalent education, training and experience is typically required for this position. 
 Experience: 
At least six months’ previous recent, relevant experience in women and women with children’s issues including domestic violence/abuse, substance abuse, mental health, and homelessness issues is required for this position. 
Six months’ experience in a related residential environment is required. 
 Required Skills/Knowledge: 
Possesses valid First Aid/CPR certificate or obtains as condition of employment prior to end of probationary period. 
Demonstrated knowledge of and experience in women’s and children’s issues; ability to apply this knowledge in the identification and assessment of needs and in making appropriate recommendations. 
Demonstrated ability to compassionately apply policy and procedures in stressful situations. 
Demonstrated effective interpersonal and teamwork skills. 
Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. 
Demonstrated knowledge of theory, principles and practices specifically in the human services field. 
Demonstrated ability to work independently. 
Non-violent Crisis Intervention, or the willingness to be trained 
 Successful candidates, prior to hiring, may be required to provide: 
 Background check consent 
A clear vulnerable sector screening 
A clean drivers abstract 
Completion of our online Armatus Abuse Training and required Health and Safety training 
Successful obtainment of clearance through The Salvation Army Child Abuse Registry 
Successful obtainment of clearance through the Criminal Record Check under the Criminal Records Review Program 
If there is a competition number associated with this posting, please include within the subject line of your email, fax or regular mail correspondence. 
 The Salvation Army will accommodate candidates as required under applicable Human Rights Legislation. If you require a disability related accommodation during this process, please inform us of your requirements. 
 In accordance with The Salvation Army policy and legislated requirements, employment is conditional upon the verification of credentials and completion of a background check. 
 This posting is open to external and internal candidates alike. If you are an internal applicant, please advise your Department Head of your intentions prior to submitting your application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
