Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Shopper - Part Time, Day 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Pickering, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1792 Liverpool Rd, Pickering, Ontario, L1V4G6 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 We are looking for talented colleagues who are passionate and energetic about providing an exceptional shopping experience for our Click & Collect customers. As a Click & Collect Personal Shopper, you will have an immediate impact on sales and customer satisfaction by: • In-store shopping - selecting quality products • Ensuring customer orders are accurate and ready for pick-up • Answering any customer inquiries • Handling POS transactions (debit/credit/cash/gift card) • Providing exceptional customer service • Other duties as required Job Qualifications: • Previous retail, restaurant or food service experience • Ability to lift up to 50lbs • Ability to work in a fast paced and team-oriented environment • Exceptional customer service skills • Flexibility to work a variety of hours which may include days, evenings, night shifts and weekends Here are just some of the things Loblaw Colleagues enjoy: • 10% Colleague Discount Program on eligible products sold at Loblaw stores • Opportunities for career growth • Comprehensive training • Helping you help others with our Volunteer Grant Program At Loblaw, it’s about our respect for the environment, sourcing products with integrity and making a positive difference in the community. We offer our colleagues progressive careers, comprehensive training, flexibility and a benefits package. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
