  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Research Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Researcher ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/research) 
 22 hours ago 
 Edit a book 
 Published: 22 hours ago  Deadline: 17 Bids: 4 
 I have a fiction book. I need someone who'd beautify the sentences and in addition rectify and correct the grammatical mistakes, if any. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Z. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 days ago 
 English (Usa) Speech Data Collection Project 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 0 
 We are looking for native speakers for our English (USA) Speech Data Collection Project. 
In this project, you will record spoken forms of words/phrases on our platform. 
Requirements: 
- Must be between 20 to 60-years-old 
- Must be a native speaker of English (USA) 
- High level of independence and adaptation 
Rate: $11.5 
 0 per set (total 230 utterances) 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. S. Nepal 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 days ago 
 Ghostwriter non fiction 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 3 
 I need a Ghostwriter to write a non fiction book, 10k-15k words, proofreading and optimized, for Amazon's Kindle Direct Publishing. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  I. V. Mexico 
 USD 50 - 100 
 5 days ago 
 Looking for an Editor of Journal articles for academia, Native Engl... 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 1 
 Hi dear freelancers, 
 I thank you all beforehand for applying. 
I am the head of an editing and proofreading team, and I need some professional editors for proofreading and editing academic journal articles that are going to be sent to the best journals. The topics of these articles might differ from medicine, physics, engineering, philosophy, etc. So the freelancer needs to have experience with different texts. 
I need you to check the texts for punctuation, spelling, grammar, readability, vocabulary, etc. I also need the text to be checked by Grammarly Premium at the end of your editing, preferably. 
I know all of you applicants are great at your job, but just to make sure I can find the best editors I want for the team, I'm going to ask you to do a very small sample test for me and send it to me by your proposals. 
I am going to be available and I will answer each and every one of your proposals so you make sure you have a chance of getting seen. 
 This is going to be an on-going project, so keep that in mind. I considered $0.09 per word for this level of expert editing. Please send me your suggestions for the pay and I will definitely consider it. 
 Please edit this short paragraph in the attached file as a test using the Track Changes tool in Mircrosoft Word. 
Thank you all in advance. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Proofreading 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. Last reply: 3 days ago  Russian Federation 
 USD 250 - 500 
 6 days ago 
 I need to translate several pages on the site. 
 Published: 6 days ago  Bids: 8 
 I need to translate several pages on the site. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  L. E. J. G. Brazil Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 days ago 
 Transferring Website Over to Wordpress and Writing 
 Published: 6 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 5 
 I would like to find someone with great research skills and can write English proficiently. Someone with a sense of humor would be great! 
 I have made video instructions for the task. I just need someone to execute it. 
 I am looking for someone to help me rewrite titles and headings to be more interesting. Also, I would like some research done on the topics, so that I could make the pages more interesting to the reader. 
 There maybe writing tasks down the track, once I can see well you write. 
 Chris 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  C. R. Vietnam 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 6 days ago 
 Political analysts 
 Published: 6 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 I am looking for experts in with profound understanding of Brazilian politics to write 1-2 articles per month for our web site. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  A. B. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
