Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Remote iCBT Counsellor 
 Morneau Shepell 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 Build a meaningful career 
 At Morneau Shepell, we offer more than career opportunities, we provide career opportunities to make meaningful contributions to people’s lives. The extraordinary expertise of a more than 6,000-strong workforce is harnessed to support the employees and families of the organizations we serve. Our innovative programs have a lasting impact on the health, financial security and productivity of 24,000 workplaces. 
 Cognitive Behavioural Therapist for digital program 
Health and Productivity Solutions 
Ontario (any location), Canada 
Permanent Full-time 
 Ready to make a difference in the lives of many? Morneau Shepell is searching for passionate clinicians to help deliver its internet-based cognitive behavioural therapy program, AbilitiCBT https://myicbt.com/home 
 Since March, we have helped over more than 10,000 Canadians cope with anxiety and depression symptoms related to the COVID-19 through our partnership with the Ontario and Manitoba governments. 
 Joining our team means providing even more Canadians with the mental health support they need through a consumer-grade platform, accessible from any device. In your role as an AbilitiCBT therapist, you will offer clinical guidance through phone, video or messaging as users work through structured CBT modules featuring videos, educational content and exercises. 
 How you will help: 
 
 Contact individuals to develop and document an understanding of their health condition and the factors that support or inhibit recovery; 
 Assess risk and severity with the use of psychometric tests; 
 Provide any of the following interventions: in-depth assessment, medical management interventions, initiation and coordination of occupational and/or psychological interventions, utilization of specialized resources or consultations; 
 Communicate proactively with key stakeholders regarding any case management issues that may impact an individual’s treatment plan, the workplace, and return to work planning; 
 Ensure administrative notes and follow-ups are completed using the provided clinical models; 
 Adhere to quality clinical and case management protocols while promoting our culture of continuous improvement and mental health development.; 
 
 Why choose Morneau Shepell’s AbilitiCBT team: 
 
 Competitive salary and comprehensive group benefits that start on day one; 
 Generous vacation policy including wellbeing and paid volunteer days; 
 Professional development and support from Canada’`s largest clinical network; 
 Personal development catered to encourage growth and career advancement; 
 Full-time career allowing for flexible hours and remote work anywhere in Ontario 
 
 What you need to start making a difference: 
 
 Master's degree in Social Work or Ph.D. or equivalent in Psychology; 
 Registration with the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Services Workers (OCSWSSW) or the College of Psychologists of Ontario (CPO) is mandatory; 
 Minimum three (3) years post-graduate counselling experience in a mental health or disability management setting with specific competency in adult populations; 
 Valid professional liability insurance; 
 Expertise in assessment of individuals in a range of evidence-based therapeutic modalities (e.g., Cognitive Behavioural Therapy, Rational Emotive Behavioural Therapy, and Dialectical Behaviour Therapy); 
 Proven experience in assessment and treatment of clients with clinical depression, anxiety disorders and personality disorders. Assessment of substance or alcohol abuse an asset, inclusive of co-morbid conditions; 
 Proven ability to handle crisis or high risk situations such as: suicidal or homicidal thoughts, domestic violence, child protection, public protection; 
 Advanced skills in the development and documentation of specific interventions, as well as evaluating service outcomes for individuals with complex co-morbidities; 
 Demonstrated competency and experience in the administration and interpretation of psychological testing, particularly those tests relevant to the assessment of cognitive abilities, personality and socio-emotional functioning; 
 Excellent written and verbal communication, empathy, listening, interpersonal, organizational skills; 
 Acute sense of autonomy, professionalism, and respect for ethical principles; 
 Excellent computer skills (ability to work over the phone and web-based video-conferencing, use of case management software, etc.); 
 Reliable high-speed internet is required. 
 
 INDMK 
 Job Grade:  MS4 
 Fulfilling work that matters 
 Morneau Shepell is in the business of helping organizations help their people and in the process, we strive to elevate ours. 
 We're always looking for talented professionals and strategic leaders looking to make a difference in the lives of the people we serve. 
 We appreciate the interest of every applicant; however, we contact only those selected for an interview. 
 At Morneau Shepell, we are committed to putting our people first. Our priority is to optimize the health and productivity of our people. In light of COVID-19, our company continues to monitor the global situation and following local guidance in each of our communities to ensure the health and wellbeing of our employees. Safety is our highest priority, and while the goal is to ultimately return to the office, we are currently working remotely and are connecting with candidates through virtual interviews, recruitment events, and information sessions. We are excited to connect with you virtually, and look forward to receiving your application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
