Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Practical Nurse 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of caregivers. Spark Inc is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 REGISTERED PRACTICAL NURSE 
Our clients are lovely individuals seeking nursing care in the Ottawa region and valley. After experiences such as trauma, complex medical diagnoses, surgeries, or wound care, they are looking for support as they transition from hospitals to home and/or enjoy their life at home with high-quality in home nursing support. Our clients have a wide range of interests, everything from animals, to conversations, to cars and mechanics, and everything in between! You would be the ideal candidate to work with us if you are passionate about helping people, are reliable, love working in a team, are registered as a RPN with the College of Nurses of Ontario, and have experience working with individuals in the community. 
 HOURS: 
Flexible scheduling options available 
 RATE OF PAY 
Starting at $32/hr 
 Requirements: 
Cover letter outlining why you would be a great match for Spark. Tell us who you are! 
Valid First Aid and CPR Standard Level C certification 
Smartphone with a data plan 
Criminal Record & Vulnerable Sector Check (within the last 12 months) 
RPN Certification 
 Assets: 
CPI and/or NVCI training 
University or College education in a related field 
"G" level driver's license with access to a reliable vehicle 
 Spark is looking to hire motivated, dedicated, and experienced Nurses. In this role, you'll be supporting individuals in the community requiring direct care with personal hygiene, wound care, bladder/bowel care, and surgery recovery. Care is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Some clients need mainly in-home support. Others require support participating in community activities. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their well-being. 
 Why Choose Spark? 
 At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark University, a non-profit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering caregivers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. 
 Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed caregivers. As a caregiver with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark, you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Whatever your age, ability, orientation, ethnicity, race, culture, religion or gender identity - you are welcome. Our community is stronger and more vibrant when it is more diverse. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
