Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse- Nephrology 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
 Description: 
As a Registered Nurse (RN), you will provide a wide variety of nursing services to patients, families, communities and populations, while taking necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. In your role, you will utilize nursing processes, through critical thinking, problem solving and decision making, as well as teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and their families. You will play a leadership role in supporting an integrated and holistic approach to patient care, health promotion and maintenance. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Nurse (2022.75) 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  UA-Unit 5A4 Inpt Nephrolog-EDM 
 Primary Location:  U of A Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  At (UNA only) 
 FTE:  1.00 
 Posting End Date:  04-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp F/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  21-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  19-DEC-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  11.63 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  40 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Nights, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
To ensure your skills and qualifications are considered please attach a resume and cover letter with your application. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Peritoneal dialysis experience preferred. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
