Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Field Engineer 
 Improbable 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Our Purpose 
 Improbable is dedicated to building powerful technology designed to help solve previously impossible problems and enable the creation of new realities. In gaming and entertainment, Improbable unlocks truly next-generation gameplay through virtual worlds of unprecedented scale, persistence and richness. In other industries, we hope to help answer critical questions through simulations that could lead to a better functioning world. 
 Our platform, SpatialOS, lets developers transcend the limits of regular computation, allowing swarms of servers running in the cloud to cooperate in order to simulate worlds far larger and more complex than any single server could. 
 We are a British technology company proudly building a diverse workforce, driven by a shared desire to improve and achieve extraordinary things. We’re crafting technology for the future and fostering a problem-solving culture that embraces innovation through iteration and experimentation. 
 At Improbable, we’re bringing together technology and games to create new opportunities and experiences. In order to achieve this, we need unique perspectives from diverse people, empowered to revolutionise how online games are made, delivered and paid for. 
 We believe one of the biggest, most impactful changes to the way we live our lives is going to come from the medium of games. Realising new communities, societies and vocations through virtual worlds is what drives our people and gives them purpose. 
 Your Mission: 
As a Field Engineer at Improbable, you will play part product manager, part evangelist, part R&D and part business development as well as managing and growing the sales engineering function at Improbable. 
 You will be heading out with our Business Development team to meet new clients. You will pitch SpatialOS to technical leadership, advise customers on how to build multiplayer games and provide answers to technical and creative questions raised by clients 
 Helping customers design and make solid architectural choices early on. As a games engineer, you will be paramount in ensuring the success of a SpatialOS game through these early technical choices. 
 You will be involved in building internal projects to demonstrate and de-risk the potential of SpatialOS, which can be used for sales material and customer demonstrations. 
 Areas of Impact: 
On a day to day basis you will be responsible for the following: 
 Helping the business development team engage with all of our prospective customers 
 Spend time researching and developing interesting and innovative use cases for SpatialOS 
 Attend conferences, conduct talks and constantly be at the forefront of latest trends within the games industry 
 Research and de-risk potential new games and genres to be made with SpatialOS 
 Steer internal engineering teams, translating customer requirements to ensure the tools and features we build are in line with what they need. 
 Work with product managers to help define the long term product roadmap for SpatialOS 
We’d like to hear if you if you identify with ANY of the following: 
Experience building games, and have shipped at least one title 
Experience working with engines such as Unity, Unreal, CryEngine 
Strong communication and collaboration skills with an ability to adapt to different levels of technical understanding 
Passionate about teaching and sharing knowledge, empathetic and patient 
Interest in building and launching new gaming experiences in virtual worlds 
Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and or game development 
Customer facing experience. 
 Equal Opportunity 
The best ideas are often the least expected and require new ways of thinking; that’s why our teams at Improbable are made up of an incredible range of talented people. Improbable is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
