Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Marchandiseur - Temps partiel 
 Pharmaprix 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1000 Wellington Street, Montreal, Quebec, H3C 1V4 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 SUMMARY:  Merchandises and provides superior customer service. Maintains efficient flow of merchandise from the receiving door to the sales floor, experts in product inventory. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: MERCHANDISING • Organize backroom product and follow Backroom Inventory Management (BIMI) processes • Uses PDT and MMS Systems to perform daily tasks (Eg. Cycle Counts, Labels, Signage, etc.) • As directed, manage Exit Strategy and Product Return (this includes the weekly coordinating with the BBM/ CM/ or Cosmetic Merchandiser to complete the cosmetic exit strategies and inventory to be recovered from Vendors in the Cosmetic Morgue) • Ensures signage and talkers are printed then take part in execution, including flyers, corporate markdowns, and labels • Expert in assigned areas of product inventory, product placement, expiry dates, promotion, etc. • Maintains Store Standard pertaining to image and trends in store • Ensures product displays are consumer focused and “shoppable” • Works with the local food and beverage vendors to ensure proper process adhered to in regards to on the floor merchandising support in upholding a customer friendly environment • Completes daily reports in regards to inventory correction and on the floor merchandise discrepancies researched and completed with appropriate shareholders (holding tank, cost anomaly) • Protects assets in merchandise packaging repairs, where applicable, and couponing for sale versus damage out and reviews all damages and informs FSM to any opportunities to educate and improve Total Loss RECEIVING • Receives merchandise including Distribution Centre, seasonal, and DSD deliveries in accordance with the receiving policies and procedures • Maintains a neat and organized backroom according to principles of backroom organization • Ensures proper documentation is completed with respect to the receiving and return of goods • Supports Front Store Manager/Assistant Front Store Manager in maintaining the quality and standards associated with perishable items as per the Store Standards • If Post Office on site, regular coordinating with Post Office Manager to ensure incoming and outgoing mail are handled in a timely and secure manner CUSTOMER SERVICE • Clean image to the customers in accordance with uniform policy and dress code guidelines (eg. approved uniform and name badge, clean appearance) • Takes initiative to acknowledge and assist customers in the aisles • Answers inquiries regarding location of product, rainchecks, PC Optimum GENERAL Complies with all health and safety regulations Complies with all Store Standards Complies with loss prevention policies and procedures and ensures they are executed throughout the store Perform other duties as required including Cash duties QUALIFICATIONS • Planning, Judgement and Decision Making • Balance of teamwork and efficiency in merchandising and receiving to meet store and customer expectations • Efficiency, organization and neatness • Copes with changing situations on the sales floor • Cash responsibilities (if applicable) require accuracy and efficiency in processing the customer order to meet store and customer expectations EXPERIENCE • Some computer and register skills • Well organized with ability to record keep • Detail oriented • Ability to work independently • Self-motivated • Ability to function as part of the team in a fast paced environment • Commitment to providing superior customer service • Effective verbal and written communication skills WORKING CONDITIONS • Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS • Ability to lift up to 50 pounds • Ability to climb ladder The above statement reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions and duties as required for proper evaluation of the job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the job. J2WRTL 
 Why work in a Pharmaprix store or community pharmacy? 
 Work for a local business owner while having the support of a strong retail brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Pharmaprix University (UPHX). 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Associate Owners in the Pharmaprix network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
