Michael Harper 
 North Palm Beach, Florida 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 How the Job Crisis is Affecting Young Adults 
 December 15, 2020  /  michaelharperflorida 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its subsequent shutdowns in different states caused millions of people to suddenly lose their jobs. Though the stock market has almost fully recovered and many people are back to work, the  job crisis  is affecting one segment of adults more than others. Young professionals who recently graduated from college are having a difficult time finding work after school. 
 The Job Crisis and Young Professionals 
 The Washington Post reported that entry-level job postings dropped by 73 percent in recent months. In the past, these entry-level positions attracted young graduates who used them as a means to gain experience after college. The lack of employment prospects is posing financial hardships that could affect a young professional's mental health. A June 2020 study by the Center for Disease Control found that anxiety, depression and substance abuse have all increased among this age group since the pandemic began. 
 What Can Be Done 
 Recent college grads may not have many job prospects, but the current job crisis does have its perks. Many experts recommend that young professionals move home and try finding a remote position. Moving in with parents can help save money on living costs while looking for a job. Another option is putting off getting a job and attending graduate school. This may be why graduate school applications are up by three percent compared to previous years. Taking courses in a professional skills program can give recent grads an advantage over other applicants; these programs are available across the country and may help graduates stand out. 
 How Businesses Can Help 
 Businesses that are looking to hire graduates for entry-level positions should support their employees. Providing stability can help alleviate the anxiety and depression that many are facing. Many states are offering tax incentives and grants to businesses who hire apprentices as a way to stimulate the job market. Businesses should take advantage of this opportunity to help recent grads find work. 
 Graduating from college should be an exciting time for young professionals as they begin their new life in their chosen career field. Though the pandemic has decreased the number of available jobs, it doesn't mean that getting a job is impossible. Finding ways to stand out and looking for companies who are hiring entry-level employees are the best ways to secure the right position. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Uncategorized 
 crisis ,  florida ,  jobs ,  Michael Harper ,  north palm beach 
 Post navigation 
 <- Building a National Brand 
 Ways to Help Your Community in 2021 -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Connect 
 
 View MichaelHarper_'s profile on Twitter 
 View michaelharper_'s profile on Pinterest 
 View michaelharperpalmbeach's profile on LinkedIn 
 View michaelharperpalmbeach's profile on Vimeo 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Community Leader 
 Florida 
 Professional Overview 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 What to Do If You Are Unemployed 
 What Will Remote Work Look Like in 2021? 
 Ways to Help Your Community in 2021 
 How the Job Crisis is Affecting Young Adults 
 Building a National Brand 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
