Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part Time Food Prep Associate - Loblaws (Bayview & High Tech Rd) 
 Bento Sushi 
 __Richmond Hill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 FOOD PREP ASSOCIATE 
 Food Prep Associates assist in the preparation of delicious dishes in our kitchen/quick-food service kiosk. You’ll perform routine kitchen tasks such as setting up workstations and ingredients, so that food can be prepared according to recipes. 
 A great Food Prep Associate will be quick, attentive and willing to improve on the job. You will be reliable and able to follow instructions as well as all health and safety rules in the kitchen/kiosk. The ideal candidate will also be able to function in a fast-paced, busy environment as a part of a team. 
 Why you should join our team: 
 
 We offer group health benefits and retirement plans for eligible teammates 
 Opportunities for growth and skill building - we look forward to training you and teaching you the Bento secrets 
 Fun events with your fellow Bentonians! 
 We are proud of our Bento Sushi Foundation which offers educational grants for our teammates and funding for other rewarding causes such as seafood sustainability and community involvement. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Follow the prep and production list created by the Manager to plan daily duties 
 Prepare cooking ingredients by washing and chopping vegetables, cutting fish etc. 
 Measure ingredients to be used in production 
 Undertake basic cooking duties such as cooking rice 
 Prepare simple dishes such as salads, rice bowls and sushi 
 Provide basic menu information to customers when requested 
 Maintain a clean and orderly work station by washing dishes, sanitizing surfaces, taking out trash etc. 
 Ensure all food and other items are labelled and stored properly 
 Comply with nutrition and sanitation guidelines 
 Perform other kitchen duties as assigned 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Must be a team player with good communication skills 
 Patient with an ability to stay positive under pressure 
 High school diploma or equivalent is desirable 
 Knowledge of health and safety rules in a kitchen considered as asset 
 Ability to lift up to 25lbs 
 Ability to stand for an extended period of time 
 NO SUSHI EXPERIENCE REQUIRED – Bento provides all training. 
 
 For inquiries, please contact us at: 
 
 Toll Free: 1833-212-0028 
 Text: 647-459-8787 
 Wechat ID: bentosushijobs 
 
 Schedule : 
7:30 AM to 5:00 PM 
 Bento Sushi is North America’s fastest growing sushi company with operations across United States and Canada. We bring together a dynamic team of people with diverse backgrounds, experience and talent, to create an exceptional guest experience. If you are looking to join a fun, friendly and exciting workplace environment where you can truly take pride in your work, the opportunities are endless. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those candidates elected for an interview will be contacted. Special consideration will be given to applicants with previous experience working as a; sushi chef, sushi maker, sushi cook, prep cook, line cook, server, and customer service. 
 We are committed to providing accommodations for persons with disabilities. If you require accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 #bentosushiR 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
