Skip to content 
 
 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review 
 Start your career in film or theater production right 
 
 My Done-for-you Service 
 Find Work in Film 
 A Job in Theater 
 Career Advice 
 Film and Theater Jobs 
 Film Reviews 
 Books and resources 
 Interviews 
 Testimonials 
 Creativity Blast 
 Production Sound Mixer 
 About Me and Press 
 
 Press Kit 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 Work in Production Blog 
 Job Hunting in a New Era 
 January 6, 2021  RobynC 
 It's still all about networking. 
 We have all spent the last nine and a half months in a state of heightened uncertainty. I'm sure many of us are dismayed at how quickly jobs disappeared, and careers have been disrupted. Traditionally, many people getting started in entertainment have day jobs in hospitality and leisure roles, which have been even more negatively affected by this pandemic. It's a scary time, especially in an industry that is in the best of times is filled with short term freelancers, and not known for its job security. 
 And yet folks in our industry immediately stepped up with creativity and enthusiasm to help everyone get through this. On my own street, a wonderful violinist, who includes soloist work for film scores as part of her work, created impromptu concerts for her neighbors - and she is really good! She is a world class artist, to whose concerts I probably couldn't get a ticket, under normal circumstances. 
 People are doing virtual script reads, making films using their family in the house, or over zoom, and putting together concerts freely streamed over YouTube. The leadership in the industry including film commissions and the Union leaders, have worked hard to develop safety protocols that have largely worked to allow work to continue. 
 One thing that has emerged is that people in the entertainment industry can rely on technology to stay connected. 
 Zoomography by @ashlycovington 
 I've been networking at virtual events with a couple of different organizations, including my wonderful writer's group through  Women In Media . I have attended a plethora of information sessions, enrolled in virtual seminars and classes, and been a presenter at more than one Zoom panel. I've been impressed by the various organizers' collective ability to create engaging events whether I have been on camera or not. 
 I have had meetings with clients by phone and by Facetime. I've offered information by Facebook Live, and joined other events on the site. I've been able to continue  volunteering  by offering over the phone virtual services to the clients of the nonprofit I work with. I don't miss the commute at all, even though I miss my colleagues. If anything, I feel like I have done  more  professional networking since being at home. 
 Of course, there are many people I personally look forward to hugging again, and welcoming to my home again. 
 Job interviews were already on a path to being at least partly virtual even before the pandemic hit. People would begin by phone, and then progress to face-to-face virtual meeting via one of various platforms. I  published  a list of important things to watch out for, in one's backgrounds for job interviews. I'm sure most of them still apply, especially being aware of how easily "stuff" looks like clutter. 
 My husband's set up for teaching via the web at one end of the dining room table. His background is nice. 
 I'm ambivalent about the value of using a Zoom background for your interview call. I'd hate for a hirer to wonder if you had something to hide, but I also see that you would wish to protect your privacy, and avoid the risk of distraction of other family and household members who could appear inadvertently. I have a nice office set up, with good lighting, but not everyone has a dedicated space for this.  Let me know your opinion in the comments below the Facebook page for this post, especially if you have the perspective of a hirer. 
 Meanwhile, I can hardly overstate the value of Networking even now.  Women In Media  encourages folks to meet for virtual coffee for 20 minutes to discuss ideas and mentor each other. They have been holding numerous virtual events and talks, both available to the public and members' events. This is probably the best value for a networking and advocacy group membership of all. 
 Other great learning events I have been part of include: 
 
 Women's Weekend Film Challenge  continues to hold "pay-what-you-can" virtual training panels. 
 New York Film Academy  has a 20/20 series of discussions with various filmmakers. 
 New Filmmakers LA  is still presenting monthly screenings and discussions. Their Facebook page seems to have more details about each event than the website itself. 
 
 Do you have some great virtual networking resources to share? Let us all know in the FB comments. 
 Please Like and Share this post, and remember my waiting list. 
 Share this: 
 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Career Advice  Filed under:  job hunting ,  networking ,  NYFA ,  women in media ,  Zoom 
 Post navigation 
 <- Foundation Principles when I write a Resume 
 Sign up for a FREE five part Step-by-Step mini-course - Write your ATS optimized Resume 
 Subscribe. Get neat stuff. 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email Format 
 
 html 
 text 
 
 Find what you're looking for 
 Search for: 
 Find Work In Film Blog 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era  January 6, 2021 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume  October 22, 2020 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures?  October 3, 2020 
 Resource Round-Up  August 7, 2020 
 Safety guidelines for filming released  June 7, 2020 
 Interview - Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo  June 4, 2020 
 Job Hunting in tough times  May 5, 2020 
 
 Contact Me by Email - it's fastest this way 
 
 Find Jobs with Jooble 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
   More Free Info & Tips 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures? 
 Resource Round-Up 
 Safety guidelines for filming released 
 Interview – Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo 
 Job Hunting in tough times 
 How to answer Process Questions 
 Where to find information about Pay Rates 
 Getting started as a Writer 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Copyright (C) 2021 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review -- Uptown Style WordPress theme by  GoDaddy 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
