Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ASSISTANT MANAGER (MEGA CENTRE NOTRE-DAME) 
 Boutique La Vie En Rose 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 00890-Méga Centre Notre-Dame, 2430, AUTOROUTE 13 OUEST, LAVAL, Quebec, Canada Req #3834 
Friday, November 13, 2020 
 Founded in 1985, La Vie en Rose has distinguished itself as a Canadian leader in the field of lingerie and jerseys with more than 3,000 employees. The company has more than 230 stores across Canada, and our ultimate goal is to make you feel beautiful and comfortable in our lingerie and swimsuits and provide you with outstanding customer service. In addition, since 2006 we have entered the international market and our brand is now represented in 18 countries. 
 At La Vie en Rose, employees are the most important asset of the company. It is important for us that employees feel appreciated in their work. That's why we encourage in-house promotions and offer the best possible training to our employees so that they all develop a long and beautiful career at La Vie en Rose. 
 The Purpose of the Role 
 Under the supervision of the Store Manager, the Assistant Manager is responsible for ensuring the management of the store as well as providing excellent customer service. Replacing the manager when she is absent, the Assistant Manager must contribute and help achieve the global objectives and maintain the La Vie en Rose standards all while motivating and developing a dynamic team. 
 Job Description 
 Sales: 
 
 Coordinate actions with the store manager to ensure the continuity and well function of store operations while she is absent; 
 Participate in maximizing efficiency and profitability of the store; 
 Greet customers, answer their questions and advise them on technical features, advantages, quality and materials of the merchandise ; 
 Train the employees on best sales techniques and product knowledge; 
 Collaborate in determining sales objectives, insure they are reached and exceeded. Communicate the necessary information to the team so they can achieve the sales objectives; 
 Support the Manager in analyzing sales results; 
 Assist in effectively managing wage costs through proper scheduling and employee performance; 
 Follow administrative procedures and La Vie en Rose policies. 
 
 Marketing : 
 
 Always be aware of the competition and the market tendency; 
 Build a regular clientele by promoting the La Vie en Rose image and brand and also by developing contacts in the retail industry; 
 Identify the type of in-store clientele as well as their needs and wants; 
 Participate and work with the mall administration. 
 
 Human Resources: 
 
 Help to build a strong team: recruit, prepare and train the next generation by identifying the best potential candidates for various positions; 
 Motivate the team; create a positive environment, look for excellence and develop a sense of belonging and pride to work for La Vie en Rose; pass on the La Vie en Rose mission and vision to the team; 
 Participate in the employee’s performance evaluations; 
 Help plan work schedules, communicate them to the employees and control absenteeism and tardiness; 
 Act as a role model in every situation. 
 
 Visual Presentation 
 
 Know the merchandise and the product’s technical details; 
 Coordinate the store’s merchandise to be attractive and functional by following the company’s plan-o-grams; 
 Help plan the reception of the stock and insure the visual set-up is done in a timely manner; 
 Participate in the management of the store’s visual image and the maintenance of the store and back store. 
 
 Administration: 
 
 Be able to fully understand and use all functions and reports on the computer; 
 Know, understand and use the procedure manuals of various departments from Head Office; 
 Proceed to the opening and closing of the store; 
 Efficiently manage all store expenses; 
 Follow all policies and procedures of the company in all areas of security and loss prevention; 
 Execute all other related jobs. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Experience as an Assistant Manager in the retail industry; 
 Known as a leader and motivator; 
 Effective interpersonal skills and team spirit; 
 Passion for sales, management and fashion; 
 Bilingual; 
 Result oriented and attentive to needs; 
 Proactive and diplomat; 
 Capable of working in a constantly evolving environment. 
 
 The information on this site is for information purposes only and is not intended to have legal consequences. La Vie en Rose is committed to employment equity. La Vie en Rose has put in place an adaptation process that provides accommodation for selected candidates for an interview. 
Other details 
Pay Type Salary 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
