  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Freelance Online Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/) 
 15 hours ago 
 Calling 100 companies in India for research  prime client 
 Published: 15 hours ago  Bids: 3 
 Hi, we are a SaaS company. We need to call 100 companies in India from a list to understand why they didn't buy from us. You'll be provided with a doc with the companies and a link to call them. 
 We cover the calling costs that are done through our system (Hubspot) 
The person that develops this role must have some experience on sales/marketing positions and experience doing phone calling job. It's importante business acumen in order to understand better the reasons from our clients. 
If you don't have this skills we won't contact you. 
 Person also must be native on English (ideally from India) 
 Please contact me if you have any doubts. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. -. . A. United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 16 hours ago 
 Mobile App for Inspection of activities on site 
 Published: 16 hours ago  Deadline: 54 Bids: 12 
 1. Development of Mobile App for Android Only 
2. Mobile App functionalities need to read/write data based on Offline Mode & Sych once connected to Internet to the System Backend 
3. API Development for the Backend System 
4. 
Duration of 1 & Half Month 
5. Connected with Map Services for Location Based / Location of Inspection 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  D. A. I. Malaysia 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Almost an hour ago 
 Improve e-commerce website built in Prestashop 
 Published: Almost an hour ago  Deadline: 17 Bids: 0 
 - Review and fix errors in front-end modules to make sure the website is working properly 
- Improve front-end to make the website look better (e.g., Images, logos, banners, colors, typography) 
- Execute ad-hoc front-end requests (e.g., registration form, automated emails) 
- Review back-end structure 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer 
 Published by:  G. S. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 hours ago 
 E-Commerce Customer Service Specialist (Fluid English) 
 Published: 6 hours ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 2 
 10 Hour Pilot Trial for Selected Candidates 
We're looking for new specialists to join our growing online team with 3 emerging E-Commerce Brands in Consumer Goods: 
 - Flexible, Dedicated problem solver, Team Player (we want to hear about your experiences! :) ) 
- People-orientated person who enjoys helping customers + colleagues 
- Proactive about learning new software + product characteristics 
- Not afraid to step in to stop an error in progress or help upsell a customer that's shopping, independently 
- Comfortable with communication online with remote teams vias platforms such as: Shared Docs, Chats, Videocalls, Microsoft 365/Google Suite, Asana, Confluence, etc 
- Is versatile and open to adapting with the company's day-to-day challenges and growth: somedays we're on the phone working with partners and others we need to help build content for marketing campaigns; we adapt as priorities are re-defined week to week, change is welcome. 
- Position is time-zone flexible and family friendly, our focus is on meeting weekly priorities and fluid communication 
- If possible, Looking for weekend + off-peak support as much of the team operates M-F 10am-6pm EST. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  F. L. Last reply: 2 hours ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 hours ago 
 Design of website blog about choosing of students a right track 
 Published: 2 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 I need to create a blog about choosing of students of a right track anf strands for senior high school so that they not hard for choosing a track for incoming college 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. A. F. Philippines 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 hours ago 
 Weeding palace 
 Published: 3 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 A two-story Mongolia with a capacity of 250 people is located in Khovd.3rd model of the wedding palace.interior extrior landcsape 
 Category  : Engineering & Manufacturing 
 Subcategory  : 3D modelling 
 What do you need?  : 3D modeling of an object from scratch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. U. Mongolia 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 hours ago 
 Design of a email Signature. 
 Published: 6 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 I am nitesh verma. I need email signature. I'm happy. 
I do this work . I do this good work. I read in class 11th .design of a email signature and marketing. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : E-mail marketing 
 What do you need?  : Set up automations for existing emails 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. V. India 
 USD 50 - 100 
 8 hours ago 
 Designer/Cartoonist needed for a children's book about a space adve... 
 Published: 8 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 The project consists in creating a hundred black and white drawings, based on a history already written, and which will be provided as a word file. 
The contract will start earlier in February. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Illustrations 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create new illustrations 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  P. T. Italy 
 USD 100 - 250 
 8 hours ago 
 Website Editor 
 Published: 8 hours ago  Bids: 7 
 I am looking for a website editor who can edit styling, images, etc for website. Someone who is familiar with html, css, wordpress and php. I have a few websites that need minor editing and maintenance. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Specific need  : Redesign a website 
 Published by:  A. A. Last reply: 16 minutes ago  Canada 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
