Where Great Workplaces Start 
 Information and conversation on everything HR, brought to you by ERC 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 <- 200 Sample Social Media Policies and Ideas 
 Determining Employees' Value to Your Organization -> 
 Want to Reward Your Employees? Change Their Job Title… 
 Posted on  September 29, 2009  by  greatworkplace 
 Looking for a way to reward your valued employees? Consider changing their job title. 
 A new study by Pearl Meyer & Partners shows that employers can use job titles to retain and reward high performing employees. The study suggests that many employers title jobs with great flexibility and allow for alternative job names. For instance, many employers assign titles of Manager, Director, and Vice President to not just employees with supervisory responsibilities – but also those that have significant responsibilities in the organization and are individual contributors. In this way, employers can reward non-supervisory or non-managerial employees. For examples of job titles, visit 
 
 http://www.jobtitles.org 
 http://online.onetcenter.org/find/ 
 http://www.wave.net/upg/immigration/dot_index.html 
 
 Why are job titles important in rewarding and motivating employees? They hold significant value for several reasons. First, they define a job and an employee's area of responsibility. In the survey, almost three-quarters of organizations found job titles to be important and believed that they conveyed authority and responsibility. Second, they establish the company ladder. Being labeled as someone of a higher level in the company is distinguishing, allowing for greater access and recognition. In addition, job titles have emotions and expectations attached as individuals have a need to feel intelligent, influential, and important. Finally, they can empower employees to expand their responsibilities in the organization, and may even prompt positive behaviors such as taking more initiative or displaying greater leadership. For all of these reasons, enhancing job titles can be extremely motivating to employees. 
 An important additional reward component of enhancing job titles is the way in which the change is communicated. Creating a formal announcement organization-wide or within a specific department allows for public recognition of the employee. Other ways organizations could communicate this change is on their website or within a newsletter. 
 Source: 
 
 _Pearl Meyer & Partners. (2009). _ 2009 Report on Job Titling Practices   . 
 Business Knowledge Source. (2009). Job titles: How can I use them to motivate employees and communicate to customers? 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Benefits & Leave  and tagged  employee ,  job title ,  recognition ,  Rewards . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- 200 Sample Social Media Policies and Ideas 
 Determining Employees' Value to Your Organization -> 
 8 Responses to  Want to Reward Your Employees? Change Their Job  Title… 
 
 Karen Schindler  says: 
 
  October 12, 2009 at 2:01 pm 
 It is so true that employees attach an emotional weight to the job title that they are given. 
A job title is also a great way to define yourself when searching for the next great job. 
If you've already been a VP of marketing, chances are when you apply to a job where they are looking for a VP of Marketing you'll be on the short list of candidates. 
Very informative article. 
Thanks! 
Karen Schindler 
 Reply 
 
 Nazir says: 
 
  January 11, 2010 at 9:51 pm 
 I just got this artical from a friend and not only found it interesting but also very powerful reasons for companies to reward their employees with different ways specially in difficult circumstances as now. 
 It is really true that a persons emotions and feelings are so attached to the job title which affects one's productivity and motivation. 
 Thank you 
Nazir Nooristani 
 Reply 
 * Rachel says:
 
  February 13, 2012 at 7:54 pm 
 Could you send me a copy of that article you mentioned ? Thanks 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  Dice News 
 
 
 Pingback: Standard Job Titles Trump Unique Job Titles on Resumes | Dice Blog Network 
 
 
 Pingback:  RĂSPLĂTEȘTE-ȚI MEMBRII ECHIPEI FĂRĂ A LE OFERI BANIBusiness Mine 
 
 
 Liam Dalriada says: 
 
 
  December 25, 2013 at 11:46 am 
 I work for a large company that makes billions of dollars in sales each year, and the major stockholders of the company are numbered in the 500 richest Americans, but employees are paid so little that there's a special department in HR to counsel employees how to apply for food stamps and Medicaid. Company policy restricts its "associates" to 29 hours a week so we don't qualify legally as "fulltime." 
 My boss must have read your article because when I went to him and asked for more hours of work so I could earn more to better support my family, he said the company didn't allow him to give me more hours (even though we're always short-staffed), but he did promote my title. I'm now Sub-Regional District Assistant Associate Co-Manager of Customer Relations! He even gave me a button that I can wear when I welcome Guests to our store. 
 My kids are going to be so excited on Christmas morning when they open their presents (one for each) and find replicas of that very button! (I'm afraid Christmas dinner will have to be Hamburger Helper again, but this year, I've saved enough to actually buy some hamburger to go with it). 
 Reply 
 
 Pingback:  Content Creator: Should YOU DIY or BUY - 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2011 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 November 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 March 2008 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 
 
  Where Great Workplaces Start  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
