  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Mental Health Professionals 
 
 Working In New Zealand 
 Dec 26, 2020 
 
 Full time 
 Mental Health Professionals 
 
 
 
 Job ID: 
 19854 
 
 
 
 
 Title: 
 Mental Health Professionals 
 
 
 Location: 
 
 
 
 Employment Type: 
 Full time 
 
 
 Posted: 
 Dec 26, 2020 
 
 
 
 Job Description 
 Are you a mental health professional that wants to make a difference? 
 Do you have a minimum of 2 years’ experience? 
 Do you dream of living and working in New Zealand and enjoying a great work-life balance? 
 **Registered Nurses, Social Workers, Occupational Therapists, Clinical Psychologists and Psychiatrists with relevant mental health qualifications and experience are in high demand in New Zealand. 
** 
There are extensive opportunities throughout NZ in hospitals, the community, educational services and private practice in all population groups and we are welcoming international applications now. 
 To apply, you will need: 
 
 A relevant healthcare degree level qualification (or equivalent) 
 Two years post-qualifying experience within the mental health sector 
 To be registered or eligible for registration with the appropriate Professional Body in New Zealand* 
 Fluency and comprehension in English to be able to communicate effectively (written and verbal) with patients, colleagues, employers, and other health professionals. 
 
 Specialist roles are available in mental health, addictions and intellectual disabilities, forensics and more… 
 *Guidance with your NZ Registration is available from our team. 
 **APPLY NOW AND START YOUR JOURNEY TO NZ! 
** 
**How to apply: 
 **Please click on the apply button and complete the short application form. To speed up your application, please upload a copy of your CV. 
 **_Working In NZ Health are international healthcare recruitment and immigration specialists. We are partnered with a large healthcare network throughout New Zealand. As the preferred agency for overseas applicants, we guarantee your application will be considered and prioritised. 
 **** 
Our expert teams in NZ and the UK provide a fully supported process to help secure you a job and visa plus guidance on relocation. 
_** 
 Find out more: **https://workingin-health.co.nz/ 
** 
 Whilst NZ borders are still closed, healthcare workers can still enter the country under the critical healthcare worker exemption providing they meet Immigration New Zealand’s requirements. ... 
   
 Working In New Zealand 
 Apply Now 
 Company profile 
 More jobs from this employer 
 Share this job: 
 Apply Now 
 RECEIVE UPDATES FOR OUR UPCOMING WEBINARS ON EMIGRATING TO NEW ZEALAND -  Find out more 
 Modal Window 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
