  
 monicajakubisin 
 Living a Joyful Life with Down syndrome 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Photo Journal 
 Monica's Blog 
 Links 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Post navigation 
 What is Monica doing on World Down Syndrome Day 2019? 
 Posted on  March 21, 2019  by   monicajakubisin 
 4 
 
 What is Monica doing on World Down Syndrome Day? Since we haven’t posted in a while, here are some notes about a typical day with Monica. After making her bed, Monica donned the crazy socks to start the day – …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Adult life ,  Down syndrome  Tagged  communication ,  faith ,  friends ,  independence ,  job ,  social ,  WDSD2019 
 On the way to Independent Employment 
 Posted on  August 22, 2018  by   monicajakubisin 
 2 
 
 Monica has started a new job with Delaware North Sportservice, the food service partner of the Cleveland Indians! Monica attended a job fair in March with companies who had evidence of hiring people with disabilities. She knew what a job …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Adult life ,  Down syndrome  Tagged  disabililties ,  employment ,  independence ,  job ,  jobs ,  jobsearch ,  prep cook ,  seasonal employment ,  supported employment 
 What I bring to my community 
 Posted on  January 27, 2018  by   monicajakubisin 
 2 
 
 It is truly delightful when Monica conveys that she grasps a concept, a way of understanding, which is not concrete, such as in daily routines. We have often experienced that Monica understands concepts better than she is able to express …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Adult life ,  Down syndrome  Tagged  boyfriends ,  chores ,  communication ,  dating ,  faith ,  family relationships ,  friends ,  girlfriends ,  job ,  loving God ,  marriage ,  prayer ,  single life ,  social ,  vocation ,  WhatIBringToMyCommunity ,  World Down Syndrome Day ,  writing 
 Perfect Attendance Again 
 Posted on  August 18, 2014  by   monicajakubisin 
 0 
 Monica has been at her new job for over 6 months now and loves it every day. In July, she was recognized for perfect attendance again! 
 Monica is working for an agency that does job training and placement and provides services for adults with disabilities. The agency made an agreement with a long term care facility to provide a group of workers to help the staff with the needs of the residents. There are six adults on Monica’s team and they do a variety of jobs at the facility. Most of the adults are similar in ability to Monica, so she truly has peers to work with. But just like inclusion when they were in school, they are all working alongside the regular employees, sharing the regular employee lunch room and interacting with all the ‘regular’ residents of the facility. So we have the benefits of friends and the benefits of having ‘typically developed’ examples of work behavior. 
 On an average day, Monica will help clear away the breakfast dishes after the residents finish and prepare the dining room for lunch. She will help with some food prep activities in the kitchen such as pouring small glasses of juice and putting them on trays in the refrigerator or dishing up fruit or putting cookies in baggies. She might then go with a partner to the resident rooms to ask if they would like to join the morning activity. They may help to escort the residents to the activity. If the day’s activity is exercise time or singing time, she may join the activity. On Tuesdays, some of the residents have knitting circle, so Monica joins them. Monica’s group may empty trashcans, or restock some supplies in the rooms. They might fold towels in the laundry. They might help with shredding or collating in the office. They will also clean up after lunch. The services of Monica’s group allow the facility staff to focus more individually on the resident’s needs and the residents enjoy the interaction with the members of Monica’s team. It’s a win for everyone. 
 Monica works Monday through Friday, 8:30-1:30. The agency provides a bus that picks her up from our home and takes her to work and brings her home in the afternoon. Monica gets up happy every day and looks forward to another day of work. She proudly takes care of her uniform. She comes home tired and satisfied. 
 We are all so happy with the new situation. She is working and giving service. She has a regular routine. She still has family time. She can pursue other activities, like exercise class now. The agency she is working for has helped her set goals and meet them. 
 
 Posted in  Adult life ,  Down syndrome  Tagged  employment ,  friends ,  functional skills ,  job ,  job skills ,  peers 
 Post navigation 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Is Monica going to Medical School? 
 Racecar Driving 
 April Showers 
 What is Monica doing on World Down Syndrome Day 2019? 
 On the way to Independent Employment 
 World Down Syndrome Day 2018 
 What I bring to my community 
 Peaceably Assembling 
 Thanksgiving Prayer 
 Biker Girl - Expressions of Freedom 
 Special Night Special Escort 
 February Family Wedding 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search 
 Categories 
 
 Adult life 
 Down syndrome 
 Early years 
 High School years 
 school years 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Tags 
 birthdays   cell phones   compassion   Down syndrome   employment   exercise   faith   faith life   friends   functional skills   inclusion   peers   piano   prayer   Reading   Siblings   singing   social   social life   travel 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
