Notice! 
 Welcome to Working Solutions. We offer independent contractor, work-at-home opportunities for folks located in either the  United States  or  Canada . 
 We do not  accept applicants located outside of the  United States  and  Canada . 
 Read our blogs __ 
 ⨯ 
    Open Menu 
 
 About
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Culture 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Resources
 
 Blog 
 Work-at-Home Hacks 
 Tech Hacks 
 Life Hacks 
 Video 
 
 
 Start Here
 
 How to Apply 
 Technology Needed 
 
 
 FAQs 
 Opportunities 
 Apply __ 
 
 By Springfield Lewis 
 __January 24, 2019 
 Agent Finds Joy in Her Job 
 __ 
 Filed under:  WooHoo! Crew 
 Sonya  | Agent since 2012 
More than 10 years of customer service in the healthcare, retail, financial services, and travel and hospitality industries. 
 Laughing Her Way to Success 
 Sonya joined Working Solutions in 2012 as a contract agent, working client programs in the healthcare, retail, and travel and hospitality industries. 
 When dealing with tough clients or unbelievable situations, she laughs to herself about the absurdity of it all. Humor is a pressure valve, enabling her to release built-up tensions. 
 While she can appreciate the comical, she’s all business when it comes to service. 
 Do What You Do Best 
 Sonya joined Working Solutions in 2012 as a contract center agent, performing client programs in the healthcare, retail, and travel and hospitality industries. 
 Not all of her assignments have worked out to her liking. As she says, “You have to realize what your strengths are and aren’t. And then put those strengths to work.” 
 Trending 
 How to Transform a Small Area into Your Work-from-home Space 
 To that end, she moved on to a position of strength, now booking reservations for luxury vacation properties. 
 Though somewhat new in her role, the client already has recognized her for her high number of bookings. 
 Work with the Best 
 She credits her leadership for the success. “Management is my family. They helped me through difficult personal situations, encouraging me to put myself first. They gave me the time off from work I needed to take care of myself.” 
 Even in those times, she kept her sense of humor, finding something to chuckle over. 
 Before Working Solutions, Sonya attended college and worked several years for a collection agency, where she was a background-and-referral specialist. 
 After posting her resume on LinkedIn, she got a call from Working Solutions. As the interviews began, Sonya did her homework, checking the background of company founder Kim Houlne. Sonya learned what Kim was all about, taking inspiration from what she did to build her company. 
 Love What You Do 
 “I love Working Solutions. There’s no better company. They allow you to be yourself and bring out the best in you.” 
 Sonya readily admits she loves to make people laugh and that others say “she’s a hoot, and can sell you anything.” 
 “I’d rather make people laugh than give them a gift. In fact, laughter is the perfect gift. Because gifts wear out, break or go into the trash. But you can make a lasting connection so long as you can make somebody laugh.” 
 Serving the Public Servant 
 When Sonya first started working as a tier 2 agent for a major travel company, she had no idea that one of her first customers would be an elected official. 
 But that’s what happened when she got a call for a reservation at a private estate and retreat. The customer wasted no time in telling Sonya his position, wanting the reservation handled discreetly. 
 “I gathered my thoughts, used my active listening skills and heard my manager saying: ‘Sonya, you got this. Take a deep breath.’” 
 Sonya looked up the official on Google as he was speaking to find out more about him and where he was from. 
 Translating Customer Needs 
 “After he was done, which seemed like forever, I asked for permission to put him on hold. I then called the hotel and got in touch with the manager. 
 “I told her I had an official who wanted to deal with one person only. Although he didn’t literally say this, I knew that’s what he wanted.” 
 After Sonya communicated all his “wants, needs and desires,” the hotel manager assured her she would take care of everything. 
 Sonya got back on the line with him to confirm the booking and his point of contact at the hotel. “Perfect,” he replied. 
 “Before we hung up, he thanked me for my ‘outstanding customer service’ and said he was ‘very happy.’ Being new on the assignment, that meant a lot to me.” 
 Serving the Public Servant 
 “After he was done, which seemed like forever, I asked for permission to put him on hold. I then called the hotel and got in touch with the manager. 
 Sonya got back on the line with him to confirm the booking and his point of contact at the hotel. “Perfect,” he replied. 
 “Before we hung up, he thanked me for my ‘outstanding customer service’ and said he was ‘very happy.’ Being new on the assignment, that meant a lot to me.” 
 
 “You have to realize what your strengths are and aren’t. And then put those strengths to work.” 
 Share 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 Are You Ready for A New Job? 
 Apply now. __ 
 Leave your comments 
 You may also like 
 With COVID-19, Proper Balance Becomes Part of the Work 
 It was early in 2019 when Elsa, a vice president of a staffing company and married mother of three, decided she had to make a change. As she ran hard to keep up with corporate demands, her kids were getting older, and she feared she was missing out on life. 
 Read more __ 
 Smart Person, Smart Company – Shakita Thrives at Working Solutions 
 Shakita is an expert in public health with a master’s degree from The George Washington University and a bachelor’s degree in biology from Georgia Southern. 
 Read more __ 
 Just What the Doctor Ordered 
 In her nearly two years with Working Solutions, Charmaine has worked on accounts ranging from travel and veterans’ health to exercise and laboratory sciences. The work has varied, but her job satisfaction hasn’t. 
 Read more __ 
 Equal Opportunity 
 We provide equal opportunities for all independent contractor agents and all qualified applicants. Everyone will receive consideration for placement on opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation and any other characteristic protected by law not listed. 
 Legal and Sitemap 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Community Policy 
 Privacy 
 FAQs 
 Scam Watch 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 About Us 
 FAQs 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Contact Us 
 
 Social Media 
 
  Instagram __ 
  Twitter __ 
  Facebook __ 
  YouTube __ 
 
 (C) 2021 Working Solutions | All Rights Reserved 
