
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Technical Program Manager - IG Tech 
 Capital Group 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Technical Program Manager - IG Tech 
 Capital Group 
 [](mailto:?subject=Technical%20Program%20Manager%20%2D%20IG%20Tech&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14294645/technical-program-manager-ig-tech/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 10, 2021 
 Location: 
 United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Req ID:  38241 
 Location:  Seattle, WA 
 Other location(s):  N/A 
 Relocation benefits offered:  Yes 
 Travel required:  None 
 "I can be myself at work." 
 You define yourself by more than just a job title, and we want you to feel comfortable bringing your true self to work. We value your talents, your traditions and your take on the world everything that makes you unique. We're working hard to advance diversity, equity and inclusion in our organization and our communities because we know that what makes us different makes us better. 
 We want you to feel a strong sense of belonging. We value and welcome your experiences, ideas and identity. Over 40 employee resource groups unite our people and help to develop our collective empathy through unfiltered conversations about race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, faith, disabilities, mental health and so much more. 
 "I can influence my income." 
 You want to feel recognized at work. Your performance will be reviewed annually, and your compensation will be designed to motivate and reward the value that you provide. You'll receive a competitive salary, bonuses and benefits. Your company-funded retirement contribution will be the equivalent of 15% of your annual pay (including bonuses). 
 "I can lead a full life." 
 You bring unique goals and interests to your job and your life. Whether you're raising a family, you're passionate about where you volunteer, or you want to explore different career paths, we'll give you the resources that can set you up for success. 
 
 Enjoy generous time-away and health benefits from day one, with the opportunity for flexible work options 
 Receive 2-for-1 matching gifts for your charitable contributions and the opportunity to secure annual grants for the organizations you love 
 Access on-demand professional development resources that allow you to hone existing skills and learn new ones 
 
 COVID-19 HIRING: Our recruiting and onboarding activities are virtual during the pandemic and we've transitioned to a work-from-home environment until further notice. We are offering generous work-from-home benefits to improve our associate's ability to work remotely. 
 As a Senior Technical Program Manager within the Investment Group Technologies organization, you will build systems, services and tools that improve the lives of tens of millions of people every single day. The Investment Group Technologies organization applies software and data engineering, as well as data science to long-term fundamental investing at > $1 trillion scale. In the Senior Technical Program Manager role, you will provide mentorship and software delivery guidance, as well as collaborate directly with senior investment professionals, executive leadership and technology associates across multiple organizations to deliver world-class software. If you are looking to join a team that offers autonomy, plenty of space to run with new ideas, working in a nurturing environment, and challenging problems to solve at significant scale, this might be the job for you! 
 What you'll be doing: 
 
 Facilitating the technical implementation of new features in a highly collaborative work environment alongside product managers and engineers. 
 Aligning teams toward simple, coherent approaches. You create and optimize cross-team structures and mechanisms. 
 Be the "glue" between disparate engineering teams across organizations, departments, systems and initiatives. 
 Building strong working relationships with product and technical leaders. Influencing the priority and roadmaps of multiple teams. 
 Working with the product management and engineering teams to identify technical requirements, limitations, and bottlenecks. 
 Alongside Product Management, meeting with internal and external customers to understand future requirements and to execute against various rollout and communication strategies 
 
 Your background and who you are: 
 
 You have a background in software engineering and a passion to learn. 
 You've made mistakes in the past and have learned a lot from them. You apply this learning regularly. 
 You believe there are generally multiple ways to solve a technical problem, each with different trade-offs. 
 You approach projects, tasks, and unknowns with curiosity, and enjoy sharing what you know and what you learn with the people around you. 
 You believe that a team is strongest when it is diverse and includes multiple perspectives. 
 You are able to put yourself into your customer's shoes. You frequently immerse yourself in the customer experience to understand how you can better serve them. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems Management, Mathematics, other related fields, or equivalent experience. 
 5+ years of experience in software engineering, compliance, or process management related work in support of a technical environment. 
 Understanding and knowledge of databases and data engineering. 
 Understanding of cloud computing services and deployment architecture. 
 Track record of delivering technical programs, projects, and products in a highly technical environment. 
 Experience with technical design discussions and ability to summarize complex trade-offs and options in presentation and technical documentation form (ER/UML/Sequence Diagrams, project plans, etc). 
 Ability to effectively represent engineering perspectives to partner organizations, product teams, and executive leadership. 
 Ability to make data-driven recommendations and decisions. 
 Experience driving large engineering efforts that solve significantly complex or endemic problems. 
 Experience decomposing complex processes into simple, straight-forward solutions. 
 
 "I can apply in less than 4 minutes." 
 You've reviewed this job posting and you're ready to start the candidate journey with us. Apply now to move to the next step in our recruiting process. If this role isn't what you're looking for, check out our other opportunities and join our talent community. 
 "I can learn more about Capital Group." 
 At Capital Group, the success of the people who invest with us depends on the people in whom we invest. That's why we offer a culture, compensation and opportunities that empower our associates to build successful and prosperous careers. Through nine decades, our goal has been to improve people's lives through successful investing. We know that our history is a testament to the strength of the people we hire. More than 7,800 associates in 30+ offices around the world help our clients and each other grow and thrive every day. Find us on LinkedIn, Glassdoor, FairyGodBoss, DiversityJobs and Instagram. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. 
 Nearest Major Market:  Seattle 
 Job Segment:  Information Technology, IT Manager, Social Media, Information Systems, Cloud, Technology, Marketing 
 
 
 Internal Number: 38241 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Capital Group 
 At Capital Group, the success of the people who invest with us depends on the people in whom we invest. That’s why we offer a culture, compensation, and opportunities that empower our associates to build successful and prosperous careers. Through nine decades, Capital Group’s goal has been to improve people’s lives through successful investing. We know that our history is a testament to the strength of the people we hire. Private ownership allows us to keep our eyes on the long term while more than 7,800 associates in 30+ offices around the world help our clients and each other grow and thrive every day. 
 Connections working at Capital Group 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 PhD - Quantitative Engineer 
 __  London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 Goldman Sachs 
 __Today 
 
 
 PhD - Quantitative Engineer 
 __  London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 Goldman Sachs 
 __Today 
 
 
 PhD - Quantitative Engineer 
 __  London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 Goldman Sachs 
 __Today 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
