  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Tunbridge Wells, England 
 Rate:  £12720 - £21806 per annum + Excellent benefits 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Extra Care Scheme Assistant (PT) - Hawkhurst 
 A large housing association based in West Kent are recruiting for a part time Extra Care Scheme Assistant to join their team on a permanent basis to support the Scheme Manager in delivering a high quality housing management service to Tenants in an Extra Care Scheme. 
 The Role 
The focus of the role is to support the Scheme Manager in providing a housing management service to the tenants of an Extra Care, supported housing service. 
 This will include: 
, Undertaking all aspects of Housing Management for Tenants and Scheme 
, Developing and maintaining a varied activities programme and encourage tenants to support their own activities. 
 , Providing a settling in service for new tenants to introduce all aspects of the scheme and services available. 
, Complying with health and Safety policies and procedures and fire checks for the scheme. 
, Collaborating with the resident involvement team to maximise the opportunity for tenants to achieve their aspirations. 
 , Delivering an excellent level of service to customers ensuring that their needs are met. 
, Contributing to the achievement of the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the scheme. 
 , Reporting any safeguarding concerns to your line manager. 
 The Candidate 
To be considered for these roles, you will require previous housing management experience, ideally within a supported housing service, and ideally you will have experience providing supported housing support, to the over 55s. 
The additional skills and experience will also be beneficial: 
, The desire to make a positive difference for our older tenants living in Extra Care. 
, Able to use Microsoft office packages. 
 Confident using new or bespoke ICT systems and databases. 
, Ability to tailor your written and verbal communication to suit individual needs. 
, Demonstrate ability to analyse and prioritise workload and be able to work under pressure. 
, Ability to build relationships and gain trust while maintaining professional boundaries. 
, Ability to make confident decisions in any situation using sound judgement. 
, Highly motivated and able to work on own initiative. 
 Able to solve problems and offer practical solutions in a reasonable timescale. 
, Ability to contribute to the achievement of team goals 
, Experience of delivering a service to a required standard. 
, Willingness to research and learn about services for older persons. 
, Physically able to respond quickly to emergencies anywhere on the scheme site, and able to comfortably use stairs. 
As you will be working with vulnerable service users, you will also require a DBS to be processed. 
 If you have an existing, clean DBS on the Update Service, this will be beneficial to your application. 
 The Package 
This is a permanent role, working 21 hours per week (14:00-18:00 Tuesday to Friday, and 08:00-13:00 on Saturday) 
The salary for the role is £12,720 (FTE = £21,806) as well as an excellent benefits package. 
 Referral Bonus 
If this role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who may be interested, please pass on their details, or forward these details to them. 
If they are successful in applying, you will receive a £250 referral bonus upon completion of an initial probationary period. 
 How Apply 
To apply for this role, please send your CV Lee McMillan at Service Care Solutions via lee . 
 mc millan @ service care . 
 org . 
 uk. 
 You can also call Lee on 01772 208 966 discuss the role in more detail. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £12720 - £21806 per annum + Excellent benefits 
 
 
 Location:  Tunbridge Wells, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Property 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 16:18:18 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
