Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SUPERVISOR COURT ADMINISTRATION 
 City of Toronto 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job ID:  802 
 Job Category:  Administrative 
 Division & Section:  Toronto Court Services, TO Court Svcs Court Operations East 
 Work Location:  1530 Markham Road, 2700 Eglinton Ave W 
 Job Type & Duration:  Full-Time, Permanent 
 Salary:  $88,979.80 - $104,540.80 / Year 
 Shift Information:  Monday to Friday, 35 Hours per Week 
 Affiliation:  Non-Union 
 Number of Positions Open:  2 
 Posting Period:  12-Nov-2019 to 26-Nov-2019 
 With your court or business administration experience and commitment to process improvement, you welcome this opportunity to assume a leadership role within the City of Toronto’s Court Services Division, which provides vital court administration and courtroom support services to the public, as well as administrative support to three adjudicative boards. 
 As a Court Administration Supervisor, you’ll supervise the day-to-day operation of a municipal court business office, ensuring the administration of justice and compliance with provincial statutes and legislation as well as policies and procedures with respect to provincial offences. Comfortable supervising and motivating staff in a customer service-oriented environment, you’ll ensure that front-line service (including French & English service) is provided to the public, enforcement agencies, and the business processing function with respect to provincial offences. 
 MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Your primary responsibilities as a Court Administration Supervisor will be varied, but you’ll be expected to: 
 Participate in the development of, and administer, the annual budget of the Unit and ensure that expenditures are controlled and maintained within approved budget limitations. 
Implement detailed plans and recommend policies/procedures regarding program-specific requirements. 
Supervise, motivate and train assigned staff, ensuring effective teamwork, high standards of work quality and organizational performance, and continuous learning, and encouraging innovation in others. 
Supervise the day-to-day operation of all assigned staff, including scheduling, assigning and reviewing work. 
Authorize and co-ordinate vacation and overtime requests. 
Participate in the selection and hiring of staff and provide training on core skills. 
Monitor and evaluate staff performance, approve salary increments, hear grievances and recommend disciplinary action when necessary. 
Support and implement innovative solutions to customer service issues with the Manager. 
Administer day-to-day labour relations issues in accordance with the Collective Agreement. 
Respond to emerging issues, assessing the impact on the Unit, including recommendations for action to Manager. 
Provide input to, and monitor, the office operating budget. 
Ensure that adequate and appropriate office supplies are readily available, that equipment is maintained and operational, and that the facility is properly and adequately resourced. 
Develop internal procedures on service delivery in accordance with provincial statutes, regulations and the City's policies. 
Document and analyze business processes, input costs and output levels, and conduct data flow analysis and business process modelling. 
Assist in developing performance standards for effective planning and service delivery of court administration. 
Provide day-to-day supervision and direction to staff, to ensure the delivery of effective and quality service relating to the responsibilities of court administration, which include: receiving, processing and filing court documents, fine payments, receipt, reconciliation, deposits, adjustments, and disbursements; updating and maintaining records; enforcement of unpaid fines; scheduling trials; preparing dockets; paying witnesses and interpreters; routine correspondence; data entry; and responding to inquiries. 
Schedule resources based on workload, and language requirements, monitoring productivity and performance of staff. 
Ensure that all statistical reports and statements are prepared in an accurate and timely manner. 
Ensure that regular audits are conducted in compliance with Unit, divisional and corporate policies with respect to the administration of court operations. 
Ensure that work is carried out in accordance with provincial statutes, regulations, court procedures, and City and Division policies, accurately and in a timely manner. 
Facilitate, build and maintain optimum working relationships with a variety of external and internal sectors, other City divisions, Judiciary, Police and other government agencies, enforcement agencies, and Prosecutors, to formulate policies and strategies that impact the general public, businesses and other government agencies. 
Develop, recommend and administer the enforcement of unpaid fines, which may include noticing, plate/permit denial, driver’s licence suspension and other methods of collective initiatives. 
Participate as a member of the management team that provides leadership, goal setting and proactive problem-solving, and make recommendations to assist the Manager in effective planning and service delivery, including the development of standards. 
Respond to inquiries escalated beyond the scope of front-line staff and to information action requests from the Judiciary, Prosecutors, Enforcement Agencies and Councillors, ensuring prompt, courteous replies, including appropriate action and follow-up. 
Report any concerns, complaints or conflict-of-interest issues. 
Provide input into the development of key performance measurement indicators and conduct performance reviews/appraisals. 
Provide input into the design and construction of court administration offices and work in conjunction with architects and designers to develop standards and implement changes. 
Co-ordinate with facilities on existing modifications and provide resolution to ongoing front-line deficiencies as they arise. 
Facilitate and co-ordinate staff meetings. 
 KEY QUALIFICATIONS: 
Your application for the role of Supervisor, Court Administration, must describe your qualifications as they relate to: 
 Post-secondary education relevant to the job function, i.e. Business Administration, Law, or Public Policy, or the equivalent combination of education and/or experience. 
Considerable experience in court/business administration, including maintaining budgets, analyzing business processes and recommending and implementing policies and procedures for process improvement. 
Experience with MS Office (e.g. Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access), as well as related court computerized work management systems (e.g. ICON, PTMS). 
Experience motivating, supervising and training staff in the effective delivery of legal and/or court services and programs in a customer service-oriented environment. 
Excellent administration and organizational skills to implement plans, processes and policies for the team. 
Excellent knowledge of court procedures and practices. 
Ability to effectively address day-to-day labour relations issues through de-escalation and negotiation. 
Ability to communicate effectively and diplomatically with all levels of staff, the public, judiciary, prosecutors, elected officials and external agencies. 
Knowledge of legislation and regulations relating to court and office administration (Provincial Offences Act, Courts of Justice Act, Occupational Health & Safety Act, Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, etc.). 
Superior analytical, conflict resolution and problem-solving skills, with the ability to develop and recommend effective solutions. 
Ability to identify and/or create opportunities for involvement in initiatives and practices that promote inclusion of equity-seeking groups. 
 Salary Range:  $88,979.80 - $104,540.80 per year 
 Work for the City you love 
 Toronto is Canada’s largest city, the fourth largest in North America, and home to a diverse population of about 2.8 million people. Consistently ranked one of the world’s most livable cities, we are a global centre for business, finance, arts and culture. Join the award-winning Toronto Public Service as a Supervisor, Court Administration within our Toronto Court Services Division. 
 How to Apply: 
For more information on this and other opportunities with the City of Toronto, visit us online at https://jobs.toronto.ca/jobsatcity/. To apply online, submit your resume, quoting Job ID 802, by November 26, 2019. 
 Equity, Diversity and Inclusion 
 The City is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to creating a workplace culture of inclusiveness that reflects the diverse residents that we serve. 
 Accommodation 
 The City of Toronto is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive organization. We are committed to providing barrier-free and accessible employment practices in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). 
 Should you require Code-protected accommodation through any stage of the recruitment process, please make them known when contacted and we will work with you to meet your needs. Disability-related accommodation during the application process is available upon request. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
