"USACares Jobs - Services Client Representative-Atlanta, GA in Phoenix, Arizona, United StatesUSACares JobsASSISTING MILITARY FAMILIES IN CRISISfacebook twitter instagram youtubedonate now apply for assistanceMobile MenuHOMEABOUTPROGRAMSGET INVOLVEDCHAPTERSPARTNERSFINANCIALSEVENTSNEWSCONTACTWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (2,393,757)Job InformationIBM Services Client Representative-Atlanta, GA in Phoenix, ArizonaIntroductionAt IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.Your Role and ResponsibilitiesIBM is seeking a Services Client Representative (SCR). In this role, you will operate as the lead deal identifier, deal maker and closer on complex IT services opportunities that range in value from $1M to $10M. You will be doing extensive business development, organize subject matter experts and sales leads in the areas of infrastructure management services under traditional outsourcing, hosting and Cloud (public, private, and hybrid) operating models to close the complex transactions. The primary focus will be Cloud and ERP modernization. You will lead client negotiations, propose solutions to CxOs, and Evaluation Committees acting as the single point of client contact for all deal-progression activities. while interacting with senior client executives, which can include the CEO, CFO, CIO, Board of Directors and evaluation committees. You will be required to have an in-depth understanding of the client's business, goals, strategies and industry trends and directions. You will lead multi-disciplined teams, and integrating products and services required to meet the business needs. These deals are intended to increase IBM's services revenue within the account and may include some or all of the following sample of solutions:Cloud – IBM Cloud, Storage, PaaS solutions including SAP as a Service, etcManaged Applications Services with focus on ERP modernization and hostingSystems – IT as a Service, managed services for servers, mainframe, storage, leveraging analytics and robotics.Security – Security as a Service, threat management, ID management, malware defense managementNetwork – Network as a Service, telecom expense management, optimization studies, Software Defined Networking, OEM hardware and software procurement, Voice and Data.Resiliency – Disaster Recovery as a Service, DR strategy and consulting, high availability environments, cloud managed backupData Center – Strategy, design, implementation, optimization, services to support data centersMobility – Workstation as a Service, Mobile Expense Management, Mac@Work, Service Desk, End User ServicesAdditional responsibilities will include:Leading customer presentations while describing IBM's point of view, solution and proposal through a value-driven sales approachResponsible for demonstrating the value of out-tasking, and leveraging off-shore labor modelsCollaborates with, and acts as a liaison between our customers, sales, pre-sales solution development and delivery teams during the end-to-end engagement and sales processDeveloping the financial solution for an engagement based on client requirements, developing business cases, CBAs, and executing a CFO-targeted financial saleLeading multi-disciplinary teams in developing complex solutions for specific client opportunities and in developing client deliverables such as a request for information (RFI), request for proposal response (RFP), and statements of work (SOWs), and client proposals/ presentationsMay be asked to conduct formal enablement sessions in the areas of Infrastructure Management Services (both Traditional and Cloud) to various stakeholders, IBM internal Opportunity Owner and Opportunity Identifying communities, business partners and customersTo be successful in this role, you should have the ability to manage multiple accounts concurrently and develop pursuit strategies and support new business opportunities, which include identifying, defining/qualifying sales opportunities, determining engagement scope and cost projections, and formulating potential solutions based on client requirements. A solid technical, and conceptual/operational background in client end user workplace/mobility solutions, infrastructure, messaging platforms/technologies, ITIL service management, service quality management, continuous improvement, and global sourcing concepts is beneficial.You must demonstrate the use of strong leadership and consultative sales techniques to develop and broaden sales opportunities and compelling value propositions in the cloud and ERP modernization areas. We are seeking a candidate that is able to lead deal teams as the single overall sales leader and opportunity owner of a given sales pursuit. Ideally, you will also have prior experience in the industrial sector.Required Technical and Professional ExpertiseExperience within Infrastructure Services / Digital Transformation/ Cloud and ERP ModernizationUnderstanding of Data Center Technologies and Operations -servers, mainframe, storage, network, IT as a Service, managed services offeringsExperience with developing the financial solution for an engagement based on client requirements, developing business cases, and executing a CFO-targeted financial saleCan manage multiple opportunities concurrentlyEffective communication and negotiation skills with multiple levels of customer management, resulting in successful closing of the sale.Good understanding of vendor and partner eco-systems of renowned major vendorsGood relationships with vendors of data center technologies in server, storage, network domains-Location: Atlanta, GA Preferred Technical and Professional ExpertiseN/AAbout Business UnitAt Global Technology Services (GTS), we help our clients envision the future by offering end-to-end IT and technology support services, supported by an unmatched global delivery network. It's a unique blend of bold new ideas and client-first thinking. If you can restlessly reinvent yourself and solve problems in new ways, work on both technology and business projects, and ask, \"What else is possible?\" GTS is the place for you!Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.Location StatementIBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.IBM intends this job to be performed entirely outside of Colorado.Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaServices Client Representative-A...PhoenixArizonaClear AllUSA Cares exists to help bear the burdens of service by providing post-9/11 military families with financial and advocacy support in their time of need.facebook twitter instagram linkedinQUICK LINKSDONATEEVENTSPROGRAMSAPPLYcontact infoaddress 11760 Commonwealth Drive, Louisville, KY 40299phone 1-800-773-0387e-mail info@usacares.orgDONOR PRIVACY POLICY |	INFORMATION PRIVACY POLICY |	TERMS OF SERVICE |	CONTACT USUSA Cares is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit, charitable organization based in Kentucky and registered with the IRS.DONATE NOWUSA Cares © . All Rights Reserved."
