"Jobs at Right Talent | Construction Job BoardHomeSearch JobsRegister CVCareer AdvicePost a JobEmployer PricingContact UsSign inSign upHomeSearch JobsRegister CVCareer AdvicePost a JobEmployer PricingContact UsBackRight Talentwww.righttalent.co.ukRight Talent is an online Flat Fee recruitment agency providing fixed fee recruitment and low cost advertising services. We offer an alternative to very high fee recruitment agencies.We help our clients reduce their costs on staff recruitment by providing talent sourcing and management solutions that complement their in-house recruitment processes.649 job(s) at Right TalentQuantity Surveyor (Utilities) – Nationwide (Reading -Somerset- Perth)Right Talent NationwideOur client is an established consultancy who is going through a huge growth phase. A great opportunity to work for a growing company, which is looking to double in size in next 3-4 years, and open a London office. These roles would be suited towards professionals who are seeking fast career progression. They are interested in speaking to QS of all levels with experience in the following sectors; Nuclear Oil & Gas Green energy Utilities Biogas Building (traditional and commercial) FMCG Commercial Essential: Right to work in the UK Full UK driving licence Previous QS experience QS qualification (exceptions will be made for SQSs who have worked in the industry for a long time) Willingness to travel/ spend up to 4 nights away from home if required Desired Previous consultancy experience Having held long-tenure positions previously For SQSs, previous management experience beneficial What we can offer: Competitive Salary Generous pension PHI (inc. spouse and children) Company car/ car allowance 4 x DIS Insurance ALL costs covered for living away from home if required (Plus daily subsistence allowance)Dec 10, 2019Full timeOur client is an established consultancy who is going through a huge growth phase. A great opportunity to work for a growing company, which is looking to double in size in next 3-4 years, and open a London office. These roles would be suited towards professionals who are seeking fast career progression. They are interested in speaking to QS of all levels with experience in the following sectors; Nuclear Oil & Gas Green energy Utilities Biogas Building (traditional and commercial) FMCG Commercial Essential: Right to work in the UK Full UK driving licence Previous QS experience QS qualification (exceptions will be made for SQSs who have worked in the industry for a long time) Willingness to travel/ spend up to 4 nights away from home if required Desired Previous consultancy experience Having held long-tenure positions previously For SQSs, previous management experience beneficial What we can offer: Competitive Salary Generous pension PHI (inc. spouse and children) Company car/ car allowance 4 x DIS Insurance ALL costs covered for living away from home if required (Plus daily subsistence allowance)Electrical Engineer (FMCG)Right Talent Scotland, United KingdomWe’re seeking a multi skilled engineer with electrical bias who can provide breakdown and maintenance cover on a wide range of automated machinery. If you’re looking for the next step up in their career, this may be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for. My client is one of the UK’s largest producers of seafood based in Scotland, as well as farming trout they process and manufacture seafood products for food service and retail, both in the UK and around the world. You will need to have the following; Proven track record within food or similar FMCG manufacturing environment Good engineering practices to reduce the risk of product contamination Certificate BS7671 and Gudance note 3 Installation and Test Be able to TIG Weld Food hygiene L3 HACCP L2 Allergen management IOSH Managing Safely or equivalent Environmental awarenessDec 02, 2019Full timeWe’re seeking a multi skilled engineer with electrical bias who can provide breakdown and maintenance cover on a wide range of automated machinery. If you’re looking for the next step up in their career, this may be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for. My client is one of the UK’s largest producers of seafood based in Scotland, as well as farming trout they process and manufacture seafood products for food service and retail, both in the UK and around the world. You will need to have the following; Proven track record within food or similar FMCG manufacturing environment Good engineering practices to reduce the risk of product contamination Certificate BS7671 and Gudance note 3 Installation and Test Be able to TIG Weld Food hygiene L3 HACCP L2 Allergen management IOSH Managing Safely or equivalent Environmental awarenessQuantity Surveyor (Construction)Right Talent LondonWith a track record of delivering residential and education projects to private clients and high-end brands, our client has built up a large portfolio of impressive work/clients over the years. This role would suit an individual who has five years of post-graduate experience and aspires to quickly progress within a medium sized, reputable firm while working on excitingprojects within the residential and education sectors. The position would be reporting directly to the Commercial Manager and would require the successful candidate to manage several projects ranging from £3/4m to £100m. Experience/Qualifications The candidate needs to have a degree in Quantity Surveying and with at least five years post graduate experience. The candidate should have had this experience within construction ideally for a main contractor. Main QS Duties Prepare Cost Plans and Feasibility Studies including carrying out research where instructed to obtain specialist sub-contract and supplier cost information. Prepare tender documentation for varying types of construction procurement routes. Prepare Cashflow Forecasts and Capital Commitment Schedules (spreadsheet which captures all costs of the project not just construction costs). Run the tender analysis process following tender returns including drafting tender reports. Prepare Contract Documents and/or Letters of Intent. Prepare interim monthly valuations of work undertaken by appointed Building Contractor during Construction Phase of projects. Prepare Monthly Cost Reports and Final Accounts during Construction Phase of projects. Experience in the housebuilding, social housing or education sectors are not necessary but would be beneficial.Nov 27, 2019Full timeWith a track record of delivering residential and education projects to private clients and high-end brands, our client has built up a large portfolio of impressive work/clients over the years. This role would suit an individual who has five years of post-graduate experience and aspires to quickly progress within a medium sized, reputable firm while working on excitingprojects within the residential and education sectors. The position would be reporting directly to the Commercial Manager and would require the successful candidate to manage several projects ranging from £3/4m to £100m. Experience/Qualifications The candidate needs to have a degree in Quantity Surveying and with at least five years post graduate experience. The candidate should have had this experience within construction ideally for a main contractor. Main QS Duties Prepare Cost Plans and Feasibility Studies including carrying out research where instructed to obtain specialist sub-contract and supplier cost information. Prepare tender documentation for varying types of construction procurement routes. Prepare Cashflow Forecasts and Capital Commitment Schedules (spreadsheet which captures all costs of the project not just construction costs). Run the tender analysis process following tender returns including drafting tender reports. Prepare Contract Documents and/or Letters of Intent. Prepare interim monthly valuations of work undertaken by appointed Building Contractor during Construction Phase of projects. Prepare Monthly Cost Reports and Final Accounts during Construction Phase of projects. Experience in the housebuilding, social housing or education sectors are not necessary but would be beneficial.Chartered Valuation Surveyor – ReadingRight TalentCompany My client operates a network of estate agencies across Buckinghamshire, Berkshire and Middlesex – giving you the best choice of residential and commercial properties to rent, buy or invest in. They provide surveys, valuations, property management and investment services as well as a wide range of services. Role Excellent opportunity to join small friendly team providing residential valuation and building surveys. Flexible working hours: between 24 and 30 hours a week depending on candidate’s preference. Based at home but working within ‘RG’ postcodes for services depending on experience. Their client base is generally private individuals and housing providers with minimal lending work. The candidate will be ideally MRICS or FRICS but Assoc RICS may be considered depending on candidate’s experience. They will also ideally need to be a Registered Valuer. They offer competitive salary, offer flexibility in working hours and full office support. This role provides flexibility for the candidate to maximise their home/work balance and/or potential for great opportunity for senior role/possible directorship being integral to future expansion.Nov 14, 2019Full timeCompany My client operates a network of estate agencies across Buckinghamshire, Berkshire and Middlesex – giving you the best choice of residential and commercial properties to rent, buy or invest in. They provide surveys, valuations, property management and investment services as well as a wide range of services. Role Excellent opportunity to join small friendly team providing residential valuation and building surveys. Flexible working hours: between 24 and 30 hours a week depending on candidate’s preference. Based at home but working within ‘RG’ postcodes for services depending on experience. Their client base is generally private individuals and housing providers with minimal lending work. The candidate will be ideally MRICS or FRICS but Assoc RICS may be considered depending on candidate’s experience. They will also ideally need to be a Registered Valuer. They offer competitive salary, offer flexibility in working hours and full office support. This role provides flexibility for the candidate to maximise their home/work balance and/or potential for great opportunity for senior role/possible directorship being integral to future expansion.Residential Valuation SurveyorRight Talent UK-CardiffOverview To help the team deliver professional residential valuation and development advice, to a variety of private and public sector clients. The team is focussed on portfolio valuations for social housing providers and their funders and this aspect of work involves travel across the UK. Our Client is looking for applications from qualified surveyors seeking to develop their experience of professional valuation work. Working closely with an established team in the Cardiff office you will already have experience of providing valuation advice on various property types to a range of clients. The opportunity will suit a candidate looking to focus on residential biased professional valuation work and will provide the successful candidate with the opportunity to become involved in all stages of complex portfolio valuations. A good working knowledge of IT (particularly Excel) will help any candidate make the most of this role. Qualifications The ideal candidate will be a full Member of the RICS. RICS Registered Valuer. Essential Criteria: Excellent interpersonal skills and confidence to communicate effectively at all levels both orally and in writing. Personable and proactive style with the necessary confidence and ambition to grow your career as we achieve our plans to successfully grow the client base. Team player keen to be involved with all types of property and professional work. High level of attention to detail and an enquiring mind. Produce clear and concise written reports and recommendations. Good time management skills, prioritising tasks to ensure that deadlines are met. Focus on profitability. Good working knowledge of IT, particularly Excel. Willingness to travel. Clean driving licence. Responsibilities Carrying out or assisting with Red Book valuations of residential portfolios for secured lending and accounting purposes. Helping to secure business opportunities through client development for the office and firm as a whole.Nov 02, 2019Full timeOverview To help the team deliver professional residential valuation and development advice, to a variety of private and public sector clients. The team is focussed on portfolio valuations for social housing providers and their funders and this aspect of work involves travel across the UK. Our Client is looking for applications from qualified surveyors seeking to develop their experience of professional valuation work. Working closely with an established team in the Cardiff office you will already have experience of providing valuation advice on various property types to a range of clients. The opportunity will suit a candidate looking to focus on residential biased professional valuation work and will provide the successful candidate with the opportunity to become involved in all stages of complex portfolio valuations. A good working knowledge of IT (particularly Excel) will help any candidate make the most of this role. Qualifications The ideal candidate will be a full Member of the RICS. RICS Registered Valuer. Essential Criteria: Excellent interpersonal skills and confidence to communicate effectively at all levels both orally and in writing. Personable and proactive style with the necessary confidence and ambition to grow your career as we achieve our plans to successfully grow the client base. Team player keen to be involved with all types of property and professional work. High level of attention to detail and an enquiring mind. Produce clear and concise written reports and recommendations. Good time management skills, prioritising tasks to ensure that deadlines are met. Focus on profitability. Good working knowledge of IT, particularly Excel. Willingness to travel. Clean driving licence. Responsibilities Carrying out or assisting with Red Book valuations of residential portfolios for secured lending and accounting purposes. Helping to secure business opportunities through client development for the office and firm as a whole.Estimator - FacadesRight Talent LeicestershirePosition Overview Preparation and submission of detailed estimates Asses and produce draft tender programmes Manage and follow up submitted estimates Work on great educational, commercial and heritage projects Position Requirements Previous estimating experience Background within the facades sector (curtain walling, glazing, cladding or roofing) Commutable distance from Leicester Strong communication skillsNov 01, 2019Full timePosition Overview Preparation and submission of detailed estimates Asses and produce draft tender programmes Manage and follow up submitted estimates Work on great educational, commercial and heritage projects Position Requirements Previous estimating experience Background within the facades sector (curtain walling, glazing, cladding or roofing) Commutable distance from Leicester Strong communication skillsBricklayersRight Talent Brentwood, UKThe job is about converting a municipal building in to 46 residential flats. Our client subcontracting a brick and structural works. They looking for an experienced bricklayer, who is familiar with laying facing bricks and doing pointing. The job, also, will involve building of the partition walls out of blocks. Immediate start. The successful candidate must hold a valid CSCS card and to be registered as self employer.Apr 18, 2018Full timeThe job is about converting a municipal building in to 46 residential flats. Our client subcontracting a brick and structural works. They looking for an experienced bricklayer, who is familiar with laying facing bricks and doing pointing. The job, also, will involve building of the partition walls out of blocks. Immediate start. The successful candidate must hold a valid CSCS card and to be registered as self employer.Assistant Quantity SurveyorRight Talent Oxford, UKA main contractor who was established 40 years ago. Undertakes projects in various sectors including pharmaceutical, education, retail, residential, commercial and more. They have been growing steadily over the past ten years. Annual turnover was £91m in 2012 and this increased to £165m in 2016. This sustained growth is aided by the fact that a large proportion of their work is awarded on a repeat order basis from an expanding client base. If successful, you’ll be working on projects valued between £1-60m in the education, industrial, health, leisure and pharmaceutical sectors What are they looking for? An ambitious assistant QS with main contractor experience. Experience of working for a main contractor Experience in assisting with the preparation of contracts, cash flow forecasts and final accounts. Knowledge of relevant building and construction regulations and standards. Strong numerical and IT skills Financially astute. Proven track record of maximising profit on contracts from £500k +. Customer-focused. Excellent supply chain relationships. Experience in the education, industrial, health, leisure and pharmaceutical sectors would be a bonusApr 18, 2018Full timeA main contractor who was established 40 years ago. Undertakes projects in various sectors including pharmaceutical, education, retail, residential, commercial and more. They have been growing steadily over the past ten years. Annual turnover was £91m in 2012 and this increased to £165m in 2016. This sustained growth is aided by the fact that a large proportion of their work is awarded on a repeat order basis from an expanding client base. If successful, you’ll be working on projects valued between £1-60m in the education, industrial, health, leisure and pharmaceutical sectors What are they looking for? An ambitious assistant QS with main contractor experience. Experience of working for a main contractor Experience in assisting with the preparation of contracts, cash flow forecasts and final accounts. Knowledge of relevant building and construction regulations and standards. Strong numerical and IT skills Financially astute. Proven track record of maximising profit on contracts from £500k +. Customer-focused. Excellent supply chain relationships. Experience in the education, industrial, health, leisure and pharmaceutical sectors would be a bonusMechanical Maintenance TechnicianRight Talent London , South East EnglandThe Facilities/ Mechanical Technicians are responsible for developing, providing and maintaining a high standard of building fabric services throughout all Foster+Partners’ offices, property and various site offices. The facilities team provide a high level of support to our Global Award Winning Practice, we pride ourselves on customer service and continuously seek opportunities for innovation and improvement. Role definition Job Title: Facilities Technician, Mechanical Maintenance Reporting to: Facilities Manager on a day to day basis and ultimately to the Head of Facilities Responsibilities Develop, provide and maintain a high standard of building fabric services throughout all Foster+Partners’ offices and property and various site offices, as required from time to time whilst continuously seeking opportunities for improvement Knowledge of Fan coil units and AHU’s, BMS monitoring, Legionella awareness (basic understanding), monitoring of building temperatures and air quality and awareness of plant room areas and their basic upkeep Undertake planned and unplanned maintenance tasks on building fabric systems Carry out minor project, decorating, plumbing and project management works as required Respond to Facilities Help Desk requests, providing a professional and timely service Supervise specialist maintenance and installation contractors, both within and outside normal working hours Source, order and cost materials and parts as required. To set up service providers, order all materials and update all stock levels throughout. Thorough knowledge of and compliance with Foster+Partners procedures and standards To administer all work request from the Service Now helpdesk to all Facilities technicians. Completion of all SLA’s and closing of task within the helpdesk Administer all aspects of the Service Now PPM module and to control, issue and close the contractor’s side of the PPM. To administer and log all access equipment utilised with all Foster+Partners sites and issue with tags for health and safety compliance. Work closely with all team members to understand workloads. Attend weekly briefing meeting with Maintenance Supervisor / Manager for project work, workload discussions and any issues operating to the team Qualities and skills required Able to demonstrate ability to undertake the above responsibilities Previous experience and or related qualifications in maintenance work, particularly in building fabric/joinery/carpentry/plumbing would be an advantage. Pro-active, and able to work on own initiative and under minimal supervision with consistent attention to detail Good written and verbal communication skills - articulate and diplomatic manner Excellent interpersonal skills, able to work independently and as part of an effective team Able to deal with people at all levels both internally and externally as there is a requirement to liaise with contractors and internal staff Previous experience in dealing with customers Ability to prioritise tasks and manage time effectively Resilient to cope with conflicting demands and able to prioritise duties and work under pressure while remaining calm and resilient at all times Be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible and helpful Physically able to carry out the responsibilities of the role Discretion, confidentiality and loyalty Ability to work the hours required of the position which are 40 hours per week which will be variable and dependent on project requirements. The standard hours will vary between 8.00 am and 7.00 pm Monday to Friday and will on occasions include weekends Although notice will be given where possible due to the nature of the position this may be required at short notice to deal with emergencies for example To work within a team providing assistance to other trades to finalise all aspects of maintenance.Nov 30, 2020Full timeThe Facilities/ Mechanical Technicians are responsible for developing, providing and maintaining a high standard of building fabric services throughout all Foster+Partners’ offices, property and various site offices. The facilities team provide a high level of support to our Global Award Winning Practice, we pride ourselves on customer service and continuously seek opportunities for innovation and improvement. Role definition Job Title: Facilities Technician, Mechanical Maintenance Reporting to: Facilities Manager on a day to day basis and ultimately to the Head of Facilities Responsibilities Develop, provide and maintain a high standard of building fabric services throughout all Foster+Partners’ offices and property and various site offices, as required from time to time whilst continuously seeking opportunities for improvement Knowledge of Fan coil units and AHU’s, BMS monitoring, Legionella awareness (basic understanding), monitoring of building temperatures and air quality and awareness of plant room areas and their basic upkeep Undertake planned and unplanned maintenance tasks on building fabric systems Carry out minor project, decorating, plumbing and project management works as required Respond to Facilities Help Desk requests, providing a professional and timely service Supervise specialist maintenance and installation contractors, both within and outside normal working hours Source, order and cost materials and parts as required. To set up service providers, order all materials and update all stock levels throughout. Thorough knowledge of and compliance with Foster+Partners procedures and standards To administer all work request from the Service Now helpdesk to all Facilities technicians. Completion of all SLA’s and closing of task within the helpdesk Administer all aspects of the Service Now PPM module and to control, issue and close the contractor’s side of the PPM. To administer and log all access equipment utilised with all Foster+Partners sites and issue with tags for health and safety compliance. Work closely with all team members to understand workloads. Attend weekly briefing meeting with Maintenance Supervisor / Manager for project work, workload discussions and any issues operating to the team Qualities and skills required Able to demonstrate ability to undertake the above responsibilities Previous experience and or related qualifications in maintenance work, particularly in building fabric/joinery/carpentry/plumbing would be an advantage. Pro-active, and able to work on own initiative and under minimal supervision with consistent attention to detail Good written and verbal communication skills - articulate and diplomatic manner Excellent interpersonal skills, able to work independently and as part of an effective team Able to deal with people at all levels both internally and externally as there is a requirement to liaise with contractors and internal staff Previous experience in dealing with customers Ability to prioritise tasks and manage time effectively Resilient to cope with conflicting demands and able to prioritise duties and work under pressure while remaining calm and resilient at all times Be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible and helpful Physically able to carry out the responsibilities of the role Discretion, confidentiality and loyalty Ability to work the hours required of the position which are 40 hours per week which will be variable and dependent on project requirements. The standard hours will vary between 8.00 am and 7.00 pm Monday to Friday and will on occasions include weekends Although notice will be given where possible due to the nature of the position this may be required at short notice to deal with emergencies for example To work within a team providing assistance to other trades to finalise all aspects of maintenance.Multi Skilled OperativeRight Talent Liverpool , MerseysideQuantity Surveyor Liverpool / North West £40- 45k per annum Are you a Quantity Surveyor looking for a new role? Do you want to work for a growing company with the autonomy to commercial manage projects and implement processes? Do you have experience with interior trades preferably dry lining? The Role Quantity Surveyor for a dry lining sub-contractor Manage all commercial aspects of live projects Estimate/price new work Carry out valuations, monthly cost reports, payment applications, subcontract payments Autonomy to implement new processes and procedures New role to the business Requirements BSC Quantity Surveying CSCS card Dry lining experience preferred Ability to commercially manage several projects with values up to £5 million Salary and Benefits Competitive basic salary Genuine opportunity to progress with a growing company Perm or ongoing freelance position considered The company Specialist Drylining, ceilings, and SFS contractor Expanding business with further expansion planned Work for several reputable main contractors Drylining packages worth up to £5 millionNov 30, 2020Full timeQuantity Surveyor Liverpool / North West £40- 45k per annum Are you a Quantity Surveyor looking for a new role? Do you want to work for a growing company with the autonomy to commercial manage projects and implement processes? Do you have experience with interior trades preferably dry lining? The Role Quantity Surveyor for a dry lining sub-contractor Manage all commercial aspects of live projects Estimate/price new work Carry out valuations, monthly cost reports, payment applications, subcontract payments Autonomy to implement new processes and procedures New role to the business Requirements BSC Quantity Surveying CSCS card Dry lining experience preferred Ability to commercially manage several projects with values up to £5 million Salary and Benefits Competitive basic salary Genuine opportunity to progress with a growing company Perm or ongoing freelance position considered The company Specialist Drylining, ceilings, and SFS contractor Expanding business with further expansion planned Work for several reputable main contractors Drylining packages worth up to £5 millionBlock ManagerRight Talent Edgware , MiddlesexCore duties of this role are: - - Managing a small portfolio based across Hertfordshire and NW London - Building strong and lasting relationships with all key stakeholder - Attending AGMs when required - Oversee section 20 major works project - Setting and managing service charge budgets Our client offers a bespoke career plan, designed to shape your long-term career objectives and they will sponsor you through your qualifications and any external training courses you wish to attend. You will report to a very supportive and nurturing Head of Department, who is known for their leadership qualities and will be on hand to offer any advice and guidance. I am looking for the following experience/attributes: - Leasehold residential Block Management experience - Ideally AIRPM qualified or willing to be - Excellent verbal and written communication - Engaging personality - Clean UK driving license and own vehicleNov 27, 2020Full timeCore duties of this role are: - - Managing a small portfolio based across Hertfordshire and NW London - Building strong and lasting relationships with all key stakeholder - Attending AGMs when required - Oversee section 20 major works project - Setting and managing service charge budgets Our client offers a bespoke career plan, designed to shape your long-term career objectives and they will sponsor you through your qualifications and any external training courses you wish to attend. You will report to a very supportive and nurturing Head of Department, who is known for their leadership qualities and will be on hand to offer any advice and guidance. I am looking for the following experience/attributes: - Leasehold residential Block Management experience - Ideally AIRPM qualified or willing to be - Excellent verbal and written communication - Engaging personality - Clean UK driving license and own vehicleDirector of Planning CardiffRight Talent Cardiff , South GlamorganOur client is a recognised leader in the planning and design market and provides a comprehensive planning service to a range of clients on projects that spans development sectors, and through all stages of the development process. In this role you will join the existing senior team to open up and develop new opportunities for the office. You should therefore be an experienced Town Planner at ASD or Director level with strong contacts in South Wales. Client following should be demonstratable when asked at interview. Naturally, you should be a strong communicator with good team management skills and an excellent understanding of the planning system.Nov 27, 2020Full timeOur client is a recognised leader in the planning and design market and provides a comprehensive planning service to a range of clients on projects that spans development sectors, and through all stages of the development process. In this role you will join the existing senior team to open up and develop new opportunities for the office. You should therefore be an experienced Town Planner at ASD or Director level with strong contacts in South Wales. Client following should be demonstratable when asked at interview. Naturally, you should be a strong communicator with good team management skills and an excellent understanding of the planning system.Health & Safety Business PartnerRight Talent Birmingham , West MidlandsResponsibilities To receive and investigate fully reports of accidents, incidents, near misses and fire damage. Monitoring trends, determining likely causes and making recommendations for training and improvements Oversee / Participate in programmed workplace inspections, systematic audits and assist in the development of action plans in order to improve on the health and safety arrangements throughout the organisation Advise and lead on all aspects of Fire and Emergency Evacuation procedures To maintain appropriate effective working relationships with external bodies To lead on the collation, drafting and presentation of the H&S papers for the termly H&S Committee Meetings, both Organisation and Departmental levels, and attendance thereof. Essential experience/qualifications: Diploma in Safety Management (NEBOSH diploma level) or equivalent. Evidence of recent in-service training/skills updating/CPD Extensive experience of working in a large complex organisation in a safety related role Experience of developing and delivering health and safety training Experience of setting, monitoring and achieving organisational standards and targets Experience of health and safety auditing systemsNov 26, 2020Full timeResponsibilities To receive and investigate fully reports of accidents, incidents, near misses and fire damage. Monitoring trends, determining likely causes and making recommendations for training and improvements Oversee / Participate in programmed workplace inspections, systematic audits and assist in the development of action plans in order to improve on the health and safety arrangements throughout the organisation Advise and lead on all aspects of Fire and Emergency Evacuation procedures To maintain appropriate effective working relationships with external bodies To lead on the collation, drafting and presentation of the H&S papers for the termly H&S Committee Meetings, both Organisation and Departmental levels, and attendance thereof. Essential experience/qualifications: Diploma in Safety Management (NEBOSH diploma level) or equivalent. Evidence of recent in-service training/skills updating/CPD Extensive experience of working in a large complex organisation in a safety related role Experience of developing and delivering health and safety training Experience of setting, monitoring and achieving organisational standards and targets Experience of health and safety auditing systemsM&E Project Manager - Milton KeynesRight Talent Eaglestone , BuckinghamshireM&E Project Manager Location; Milton Keynes Start date 04th January 2021- Fixed term contract 6 months Salary £45,000- £55,000 + Car Allowance Candidates must have a flexible approach to travelling Urgently looking for experienced M&E Project Managers to assist the delivery of a variety of projects across sites in the Milton Keynes and surrounding areas Key responsibilities for the M&E Project Manager but not limited to: Identify and generate project work opportunities from within a set portfolio of maintenance contracts. Full accountability for the P&L on each project. Manage the day-to-day operational aspects of the project(s) \"end to end\". Activities to include but not be limited to estimating, business development, quantity surveying, sub-contractor management and site manager duties. Identify, reduce, and manage all statutory and commercial risks associated with the project Work with developers, designers, and sub-contractors to define and document scope of work Develop and understand the full scope of works in line with the desired project business case and in turn outcome (within agreed budget requirements and required profit margin) Manage, run, and draw up tenders on behalf of the customer as required. Ensure full compliance with project management policies and procedures. Agree payment schedules and applications for payment Provide monthly reports to the Head of Projects/Sector Director The successful candidates must come from a technical background, either in Mechanical or Electrical.Nov 26, 2020Full timeM&E Project Manager Location; Milton Keynes Start date 04th January 2021- Fixed term contract 6 months Salary £45,000- £55,000 + Car Allowance Candidates must have a flexible approach to travelling Urgently looking for experienced M&E Project Managers to assist the delivery of a variety of projects across sites in the Milton Keynes and surrounding areas Key responsibilities for the M&E Project Manager but not limited to: Identify and generate project work opportunities from within a set portfolio of maintenance contracts. Full accountability for the P&L on each project. Manage the day-to-day operational aspects of the project(s) \"end to end\". Activities to include but not be limited to estimating, business development, quantity surveying, sub-contractor management and site manager duties. Identify, reduce, and manage all statutory and commercial risks associated with the project Work with developers, designers, and sub-contractors to define and document scope of work Develop and understand the full scope of works in line with the desired project business case and in turn outcome (within agreed budget requirements and required profit margin) Manage, run, and draw up tenders on behalf of the customer as required. Ensure full compliance with project management policies and procedures. Agree payment schedules and applications for payment Provide monthly reports to the Head of Projects/Sector Director The successful candidates must come from a technical background, either in Mechanical or Electrical.Soft Landscaping/Garden Maintenance Team LeaderRight Talent Chester , CheshireThe role will be wide and varied and you may have responsibility over a more junior labourer/landscaper. You will have a full driving licence as will be responsible for your own van, and will have good customer service skills. A typical day will start by arriving at the lock-up near Chester, reading through job sheets which will guide you through your day undertaking typical duties such as:- Material Collection Supervision of site labourer Hedge cutting Mowing Weeding Planting Tree Cutting Building Raised Beds Maintaining Borders Planting Hedges and Shrub borders Half the week will be regular maintenance work and half the week will be individual team projects. All works will be classed as Soft Landscaping with no hard landscaping skills required although it may be helpful if you are familiar with the following tools, although training and courses will be provided where required:- Hedge cutters Strimmers Drills Hand Saws Pruning Saw Chain Saw Herb Spraying Some basic plant knowledge Most work will be carried out within the Chester or close surrounding area, so it is expected you will be in a reasonable commute of this region. This is a great, permanent opportunity for someone seeking a stable position within a rewarding environment.Nov 25, 2020Full timeThe role will be wide and varied and you may have responsibility over a more junior labourer/landscaper. You will have a full driving licence as will be responsible for your own van, and will have good customer service skills. A typical day will start by arriving at the lock-up near Chester, reading through job sheets which will guide you through your day undertaking typical duties such as:- Material Collection Supervision of site labourer Hedge cutting Mowing Weeding Planting Tree Cutting Building Raised Beds Maintaining Borders Planting Hedges and Shrub borders Half the week will be regular maintenance work and half the week will be individual team projects. All works will be classed as Soft Landscaping with no hard landscaping skills required although it may be helpful if you are familiar with the following tools, although training and courses will be provided where required:- Hedge cutters Strimmers Drills Hand Saws Pruning Saw Chain Saw Herb Spraying Some basic plant knowledge Most work will be carried out within the Chester or close surrounding area, so it is expected you will be in a reasonable commute of this region. This is a great, permanent opportunity for someone seeking a stable position within a rewarding environment.Electrical Project ManagerRight Talent London , South East EnglandElectrical Project Manager required for M&E Contractor in South London A 20 year old privately owned business, providing MEP services in London and the Home Counties, are looking to appoint an Electrical Contracts Manager. Projects sectors include Commercial, Education, Leisure, Healthcare, Data Centres, High End Residential, Transport, Fit Out and Refurbishment. The Company also provide in-house CAD and Co-ordination & Design Capabilities; they have a proven track record of delivering complex, fast-track projects. The post offers a real opportunity to contribute to a growing business with a successful growth record and very real prospects. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, the main purpose of the role is to plan and organise the execution of contracts and ensure they are carried out according to their programmes of work, required standards of workmanship, and within agreed costs and timings from contract award to end of defects liability period, thereby ensuring obligations are met and a high profile is given to maximising company profitability and future works. To be considered for this role you must be able to work in the UK without restriction and you must hold a valid UK Driving LicenseNov 25, 2020Full timeElectrical Project Manager required for M&E Contractor in South London A 20 year old privately owned business, providing MEP services in London and the Home Counties, are looking to appoint an Electrical Contracts Manager. Projects sectors include Commercial, Education, Leisure, Healthcare, Data Centres, High End Residential, Transport, Fit Out and Refurbishment. The Company also provide in-house CAD and Co-ordination & Design Capabilities; they have a proven track record of delivering complex, fast-track projects. The post offers a real opportunity to contribute to a growing business with a successful growth record and very real prospects. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, the main purpose of the role is to plan and organise the execution of contracts and ensure they are carried out according to their programmes of work, required standards of workmanship, and within agreed costs and timings from contract award to end of defects liability period, thereby ensuring obligations are met and a high profile is given to maximising company profitability and future works. To be considered for this role you must be able to work in the UK without restriction and you must hold a valid UK Driving LicenseContracts Manager - CladdingRight Talent North West England , EnglandBrief Overview This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Contracts Manager to join a specialist industrial roofing and cladding sub-contractor in the north west. P ackage £42k to £45k plus car allowance. About our Client My client and a specialist industrial roofing and cladding sub-contractor based in the North West. They work on large projects across the UK and are looking to bring on an experienced cladding Contracts Manager. About the Role Ensuring all projects are delivered against budget and timescale. Leading and managing Project teams on the projects under your control. Reporting to Directors on progress / programme / and cost control on allocated projects. Overseeing design and attending design meetings, as necessary. Procurement of sub-contract packages up to specified value (refer to limit of authority) in conjunction with QS. Assisting the Production Department in dealing with suppliers, as necessary. Ensuring close coordination and communication with Main Contractor/ Architect/Client/Subcontractor. To ensure all site related Risk Assessments and Method Statements are in place and issued. Manage own workload and areas of responsibility. Agreeing monthly fixing sub contractors’ applications; ensuring correct documentation is in place and in line with budget/order. Agreeing and finalising sub contract/supplier accounts in conjunction with QS. About the Candidate Previously held a Contracts Manager position for at least 4 years Must come from a cladding background Excellent verbal and communication skills Have relevant tickets Points of Appeal Freedom within the role with a route to higher management Interesting Projects A company with a full order bookNov 24, 2020Full timeBrief Overview This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Contracts Manager to join a specialist industrial roofing and cladding sub-contractor in the north west. P ackage £42k to £45k plus car allowance. About our Client My client and a specialist industrial roofing and cladding sub-contractor based in the North West. They work on large projects across the UK and are looking to bring on an experienced cladding Contracts Manager. About the Role Ensuring all projects are delivered against budget and timescale. Leading and managing Project teams on the projects under your control. Reporting to Directors on progress / programme / and cost control on allocated projects. Overseeing design and attending design meetings, as necessary. Procurement of sub-contract packages up to specified value (refer to limit of authority) in conjunction with QS. Assisting the Production Department in dealing with suppliers, as necessary. Ensuring close coordination and communication with Main Contractor/ Architect/Client/Subcontractor. To ensure all site related Risk Assessments and Method Statements are in place and issued. Manage own workload and areas of responsibility. Agreeing monthly fixing sub contractors’ applications; ensuring correct documentation is in place and in line with budget/order. Agreeing and finalising sub contract/supplier accounts in conjunction with QS. About the Candidate Previously held a Contracts Manager position for at least 4 years Must come from a cladding background Excellent verbal and communication skills Have relevant tickets Points of Appeal Freedom within the role with a route to higher management Interesting Projects A company with a full order bookAssociate Director commercial Property managementRight Talent Birmingham , West MidlandsAssociate Director Commercial Property management Birmingham This opportunity is for a leading property consultancy out of their Birmingham office. 12 Months FTC paying up to £58k + car allowance + benefits etc. Working with a Director managing and assisting with the management of properties for some of their larger clients. The role The individual is to take immediate responsibility and ownership of managing their own clients and their buildings. These may include overseas investors, UK Institutions and Property Companies. Assist the Director in increasing the team’s fee income through new business and cross selling. Support the Director in managing the team and the wider services, including Facilities Managers and Client Finance staff working on their instructions. Undertaking regular service charge expenditure monitoring and reporting Liaising with property management accounts team on production of annual service charge budgets, approving reconciliations, rent raising reports Management of income arrears and recovery, invoice approvals, setting up new properties, completing change notes, updating the Helpdesk and Tramps, etc Due diligence for acquisitions and disposals Attending client meetings Attendance and positive contributions at team and department meetings What you need Degree level qualification RICS Qualified or equivalent work experience Proven experience within a commercial property management department or similar, specifically with a Client facing background. Managing Lease events, rent reviews and expiries Dealing with tenant applications proactively Good Landlord and Tenant knowledge Property Management Accounting knowledge - Statements of Account, service charges, arrears recovery, etc Good working knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word and OutlookNov 24, 2020Full timeAssociate Director Commercial Property management Birmingham This opportunity is for a leading property consultancy out of their Birmingham office. 12 Months FTC paying up to £58k + car allowance + benefits etc. Working with a Director managing and assisting with the management of properties for some of their larger clients. The role The individual is to take immediate responsibility and ownership of managing their own clients and their buildings. These may include overseas investors, UK Institutions and Property Companies. Assist the Director in increasing the team’s fee income through new business and cross selling. Support the Director in managing the team and the wider services, including Facilities Managers and Client Finance staff working on their instructions. Undertaking regular service charge expenditure monitoring and reporting Liaising with property management accounts team on production of annual service charge budgets, approving reconciliations, rent raising reports Management of income arrears and recovery, invoice approvals, setting up new properties, completing change notes, updating the Helpdesk and Tramps, etc Due diligence for acquisitions and disposals Attending client meetings Attendance and positive contributions at team and department meetings What you need Degree level qualification RICS Qualified or equivalent work experience Proven experience within a commercial property management department or similar, specifically with a Client facing background. Managing Lease events, rent reviews and expiries Dealing with tenant applications proactively Good Landlord and Tenant knowledge Property Management Accounting knowledge - Statements of Account, service charges, arrears recovery, etc Good working knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word and OutlookEstimator/Quantity SurveyorRight Talent Gravesend, KentThe Role The principle purpose of this role is to work alongside the Project Manager. The role will be varied and deadline driven, so excellent prioritisation and organisational skills are essential. You must be a confident communicator, proficient with AutoCAD, Excel, and Microsoft Office and with proven experience within an Estimator/Quantity Surveyor role ideally within a house building or developer environment. Responsibilities Management of projects to ensure they are completed on time and within budget Liaise closely with site and project managers to ensure maximum efficiency of working methods and material procurement Tender analysis Obtain suitable market quotations to substantiate cost Prepare tender documentation for submission to new and existing clients Negotiate tenders and contracts Prepare tenders for new and existing clients Prepare Method Statements Undertake surveys at our various sites Identify problems of a commercial or contractual nature and make recommendations Deal with customer amendments including drawing revisions Variation order management identifying claims opportunities and, where appropriate, prepare submission responses and information Contract review Liaise with the Workshop to advise on timescale, design, and any issues Arrange delivery and/or installation Liaise with customers to up-date on progress and provide technical knowledge Deal with customer queries/complaints in a prompt and professional manner Negotiate final accounts Report back to the Managing Director on a daily basis Skills, Qualifications and Experience Professional qualification in Surveying and/or Construction Management Proven engineering and fabrication knowledge/experience/background Excellent knowledge of all welding and sheet metal techniques Ability to read and work from detailed engineering drawings Working knowledge of AutoCAD, Excel and Microsoft Office Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) and the ability to liaise closely with customers Ability to work under pressure, both on own initiative and as part of a busy team Ability to handle multiple varied projects from enquiry through to completion CAD qualifications and experience are essential for this role (AutoCAD) Flexible approach to meet the demands of the business Responsible, conscientious, punctual, highly organised and self-motivated Company Benefits 28 days holiday including Bank Holidays Free car parking NEST company pension schemeNov 23, 2020Full timeThe Role The principle purpose of this role is to work alongside the Project Manager. The role will be varied and deadline driven, so excellent prioritisation and organisational skills are essential. You must be a confident communicator, proficient with AutoCAD, Excel, and Microsoft Office and with proven experience within an Estimator/Quantity Surveyor role ideally within a house building or developer environment. Responsibilities Management of projects to ensure they are completed on time and within budget Liaise closely with site and project managers to ensure maximum efficiency of working methods and material procurement Tender analysis Obtain suitable market quotations to substantiate cost Prepare tender documentation for submission to new and existing clients Negotiate tenders and contracts Prepare tenders for new and existing clients Prepare Method Statements Undertake surveys at our various sites Identify problems of a commercial or contractual nature and make recommendations Deal with customer amendments including drawing revisions Variation order management identifying claims opportunities and, where appropriate, prepare submission responses and information Contract review Liaise with the Workshop to advise on timescale, design, and any issues Arrange delivery and/or installation Liaise with customers to up-date on progress and provide technical knowledge Deal with customer queries/complaints in a prompt and professional manner Negotiate final accounts Report back to the Managing Director on a daily basis Skills, Qualifications and Experience Professional qualification in Surveying and/or Construction Management Proven engineering and fabrication knowledge/experience/background Excellent knowledge of all welding and sheet metal techniques Ability to read and work from detailed engineering drawings Working knowledge of AutoCAD, Excel and Microsoft Office Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) and the ability to liaise closely with customers Ability to work under pressure, both on own initiative and as part of a busy team Ability to handle multiple varied projects from enquiry through to completion CAD qualifications and experience are essential for this role (AutoCAD) Flexible approach to meet the demands of the business Responsible, conscientious, punctual, highly organised and self-motivated Company Benefits 28 days holiday including Bank Holidays Free car parking NEST company pension schemeEstimator – JoineryRight Talent Milton KeynesWe are seeking an Estimator to read tenders and prepare accurate and competitively priced estimates. A proven record or working effectively with suppliers and clients is essential as is the ability to identify and propose savings through valued engineering and strategic and efficient buying gains. The Commercial Director will liaise with the Estimating Manager and allocate one or more projects to the Estimator who will prepare accurate estimates for the projects by gathering information and analysing important metrics. Responsibilities Preparation of a professional pricing schedule to support the scope defined in the tender documents Allocating the appropriate quantities and unit rates to a detailed analytical pricing document, utilising SCL in-house tender pack or, with prior agreement of SCL senior management, an alternative method Pricing a detailed set of preliminaries in accordance with the bid inquiry document and SCL calculation of duration Defining the ‘Terms and Conditions’ for prices to work Preparation of SCL programme so that it accurately reflects the scope as defined in the pricing document Ensuring accurate registers are maintained for all sub-contractors and suppliers and that all comparisons are accurate and filed in a tidy order Keeping and maintain a register of issued tenders and their adjustments on the SCL server Issuing samples in accordance with submission document and keep a register On Project handover form allocate responsibility to a named Commercial Manager/QS for the ongoing monitoring and administration of samples Experience Proven experience as Estimator or similar position Competent to tender for more than £40 million/year of general Issuing all Reports as latest SCL Meeting Planner Fit Out/Joinery sector experience essentialNov 23, 2020Full timeWe are seeking an Estimator to read tenders and prepare accurate and competitively priced estimates. A proven record or working effectively with suppliers and clients is essential as is the ability to identify and propose savings through valued engineering and strategic and efficient buying gains. The Commercial Director will liaise with the Estimating Manager and allocate one or more projects to the Estimator who will prepare accurate estimates for the projects by gathering information and analysing important metrics. Responsibilities Preparation of a professional pricing schedule to support the scope defined in the tender documents Allocating the appropriate quantities and unit rates to a detailed analytical pricing document, utilising SCL in-house tender pack or, with prior agreement of SCL senior management, an alternative method Pricing a detailed set of preliminaries in accordance with the bid inquiry document and SCL calculation of duration Defining the ‘Terms and Conditions’ for prices to work Preparation of SCL programme so that it accurately reflects the scope as defined in the pricing document Ensuring accurate registers are maintained for all sub-contractors and suppliers and that all comparisons are accurate and filed in a tidy order Keeping and maintain a register of issued tenders and their adjustments on the SCL server Issuing samples in accordance with submission document and keep a register On Project handover form allocate responsibility to a named Commercial Manager/QS for the ongoing monitoring and administration of samples Experience Proven experience as Estimator or similar position Competent to tender for more than £40 million/year of general Issuing all Reports as latest SCL Meeting Planner Fit Out/Joinery sector experience essentialLoad moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedInParent and Partner sites: IT Job Board | Search Jobs Near Me | RightTalent.co.uk | Quantity Surveyor jobs | Building Surveyor jobs | Construction Recruitment | Talent Recruiter | London Jobs | Property jobs© 2008-2021 Construction Job Board"
