"Senior Manager - Algo Engineering, Ad Platforms at Apple (Cupertino, CA) - AI/ML JobsAI Jobs DBThe best job board only for artificial intelligence / machine learning engineers, specialists, and scientists to find a new career in top companiesPost a job Follow @aijobsdb Follow me 🐈 Remote AI/ML Jobs Remote Developer Jobs Hacker News RankingsSenior Manager - Algo Engineering, Ad Platforms at Apple (Cupertino, CA)Apple Cupertino, CA ManagerPlatformSenior Jan 10At Apple, we work every single day to build products that enrich peoples lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and visionary content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in App Store. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy.We are looking for a results-oriented and versatile senior leader who can excel in an Agile environment, leading our development efforts to deliver advanced algorithms to an ad network. You will work closely with data scientists, leading a team engineers to design, develop, and implement solutions, including leveraging open source, and building tools, frameworks, and components that will enable us to improve and scale our advertising algorithms. The successful candidate will help drive new approaches to preserving the privacy of our consumers, and change the way advertising works with data.You will lead the team that defines, refines, and/or refactors our approaches, designs, and delivers the algorithms and applications to meet the ad network challenges we must solve. You will mentor a team of world-class engineers hungry to apply leading-edge technologies to deliver extraordinary experiences to our customers. You will play a critical leadership role building products which deliver on Apple's privacy commitments.You will work on a platform with extreme scale requirements. At Ad Platforms, we are constantly developing products to provide amazing user experiences and drive value. You will have the chance to lead the design and implementations of the engineering solutions that bring cutting edge ad network algorithms into production in heterogeneous environments. You will apply groundbreaking data engineering techniques, platform engineering approaches, and algorithmic solutions.You will join and contribute to a culture that emphasizes understandability, reliability, resiliency, simplicity, reusability, extensibility, scalability, and productivity. We are one team, nurturing each others growth and supporting each other in delivering for our customers and Apple.Apply for this jobPlease let the company know you found this position via aijobsdb.com so we can keep providing you with quality jobs.See related AI/ML jobsApple Cupertino, CA ManagerPlatformSeniorSee the latest AI/ML jobsFeedback"
