"USACares Jobs - District Manager in Decatur, Alabama, United StatesUSACares JobsASSISTING MILITARY FAMILIES IN CRISISfacebook twitter instagram youtubedonate now apply for assistanceMobile MenuHOMEABOUTPROGRAMSGET INVOLVEDCHAPTERSPARTNERSFINANCIALSEVENTSNEWSCONTACTWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (2,399,988)Job InformationAirgas Usa LLC District Manager in Decatur, AlabamaAIRGAS USA, LLC an Air Liquide company is a distributor of Industrial, Medical, Specialty and Welding gases along with Safety and Welding related products. We currently have an IMMEDIATE *opening for a highly self motivated person with a proven track record in sales, to join our team as a *District Manager. This territory will be based in Decatur AL and cover the areas of Muscle Shoals AL, and Lawrencburg TN.*JOB SUMMARY * Support, reinforce and strengthen training, compliance and sales efforts in assigned area of the region. * * * Develop, coach and direct the efforts of the branch manager, inside sales staff and outside sales staff to achieve sales and profit performance goals. Review call reports and dashboard (sales data) of assigned sales personnel regularly and offer feedback. * Assist branches with marketing initiatives, showroom displays and retail sales efforts. * Review and understand the Standard Operating Procedures, Human Resources, Safety, and CU Reference Manuals. * Provide training and conduct audits on Standard Operating Procedures. * Assess need and provide training on all branch operations (CU, Dashboard, eBusiness, Airgas University, etc.) * Actively pursue and acquire, on an on-going basis, new and competitive accounts with emphasis on gas business and new product supply agreements. Increase sales and total gross profit. * Ensure all customers within area receive quality customer service from company associates, penetrating existing customer base with all product lines and product normally inventoried by region. * Ensure customer inquiries related to billing problems, cylinder balances, order status, time of delivery, etc. are promptly and courteously handled. * Maintain and upgrade selling skills and technical/product knowledge and ensure existing customers are current on new products and processes. Ensure sales representatives maintain and upgrade their skills. * Assist assigned sales representatives and customers with equipment set-up and demonstrations, as necessary. * Review and approve sales commissions on a monthly basis. Set, revise and communicate sales quotas as necessary to accommodate new assigned accounts, national accounts, and changes in assigned customers from one sales representative to another. * Coordinate with and inform others within Region, as required, regarding follow up opportunities on current and potential new customers. Keep Area Vice President advised of coordination efforts. * Represent company at approved trade association meetings to promote products. * Prepare periodic sales reports, showing sales volume, potential sales and areas of proposed client-based expansion. * Ensure that disciplinary issues and performance deficiencies are properly discussed, documented in a timely manner, and forwarded to individual’s personnel file. * Communicate with Area Vice President regarding progress, obstacles, issues, and process improvement suggestions. * Communicate with the Safety Department and the Human Resources Department on issues, as relevant, keeping the Area Vice President informed of these issues as well. * Lead and promote safety; organize safety meetings and strictly enforce safety rules. * Perform activities of workers supervised as required. * Work safely and meet the requirements of all safety procedures and rules as prescribed by State, Federal, and the Company.EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree from a four-year college or university or combination of education and related experience and/or training. Minimum five years related experience, preferably in the welding/gas industry. Minimum three years experience should be in successful management of a sales team. Negotiating and selling skills required. Must have an intermediate to proficient working level of experience with Microsoft Office programs. Must be able to perform data entry in a computer and extract information on orders. * * CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS Must maintain a valid state driver’s licenseEOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or disabilityJob: *SalesTitle: District ManagerLocation: Alabama-Decatur-35601-7568Requisition ID: 30920Other Locations: United States-Alabama-Muscle Shoals-35661-2712, United States-Alabama-Huntsville-35824Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaDistrict ManagerDecaturAlabamaClear AllUSA Cares exists to help bear the burdens of service by providing post-9/11 military families with financial and advocacy support in their time of need.facebook twitter instagram linkedinQUICK LINKSDONATEEVENTSPROGRAMSAPPLYcontact infoaddress 11760 Commonwealth Drive, Louisville, KY 40299phone 1-800-773-0387e-mail info@usacares.orgDONOR PRIVACY POLICY |	INFORMATION PRIVACY POLICY |	TERMS OF SERVICE |	CONTACT USUSA Cares is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit, charitable organization based in Kentucky and registered with the IRS.DONATE NOWUSA Cares © . All Rights Reserved."
