"Financial Planning Assistant (Paraplanner) | Hire Education Consulting GroupView All JobsVisit our websiteFinancial Planning Assistant (Paraplanner)Hire Education Consulting Group - Roseville, CAComradery with a large team where you can learn from several seasoned Advisor mentors, grow with a variety of professionals and work alongside a team.Professional growth and development opportunity for you to expand your knowledge and grow your career.Bonus eligibility to reward you for your hard work.Flexibility to elect a modified schedule to receive every other Friday off work, so you can work hard and play hard.Community involvement with a Firm that is passionate and committed about giving back to the community, to several local organizations and with several annual events.Applying your skills in a place you love to come to work every day and make a difference.Sound interesting? We want to talk to YOU!Opportunity: Financial Planning Assistant (Paraplanner). This position is open as a result of internal promotion.Financial Planning Assistant (Paraplanner) – Your Job DutiesYou will be integral in supporting the team and Financial Advisors as the first point of contact for both prospective and existing clients. You will coordinate client service activities including:Respond to client inquiries including researching answer to client questionsTrack prospective clients and guide through implementation processProvide Advisor support to prepare for client meetings, including preparing any necessary formsPrepare correspondence and financial planning deliverable letters for clientsFollow up with clients to check in, maintain and develop the client relationship and follow up regarding Advisor recommendations to clientReceive client trade instructions and work with Advisors on implementationProcess client transactions on Thompson ONE Brokerage PlatformUpdate client database with all client communication and activitiesA successful Financial Planning Assistant (Paraplanner) is someone who enjoys bringing a smile to clients faces through positive interactions with clients, is very organized with excellent follow-up and follow-through, and enjoys supporting and working with a team.Financial Planning Assistant (Paraplanner) – Required Prior Experience & QualificationsActive Series 7 and Series 66 licenses (or planning to obtain licenses within 6 months)Prior experience working with a broker/dealer, financial advisor, mortgage or banking industry in a customer/client support, paraplanner or related roleCompensation DOE (hourly) and is eligible for overtime. You may also elect a flexible schedule to receive every other Friday off. You will be provided with comprehensive benefits and retirement package including medical, dental and vision insurance, 401k with profit share, vacation and sick time. In addition, we are pleased to cover your costs for licensing and continuing education towards your training and development goals.Why Choose Us?Community Involvement. We are dedicated to our community and are proud to give back and support several local charitable organizations which we donate to annually. In addition, we host an annual charity golf tournament in support of a local community organization. Giving back to the community where we live, work and play is very important to our team.Reputation. For over twenty years, we have been helping clients protect their wealth. We have an established track-record of stability and success where you can find your next long-term home.Growing Team with Extremely Low Turnover. We are proud to experience very low turnover and continue to grow and expand our team. With us, you are working with your “family away from home”.Growth Opportunities. In addition to nationwide trainings, we offer additional in-office learnings and professional development opportunities for you to reach the next level.Response to COVID-19:Our team remains committed to serving our clients. As an essential business, we are operating and working in-office. Precaution measures are taken in-office to ensure your safety including nightly deep cleaning and sanitization of our office and common area spaces, socially distancing at all times, conducting meetings virtually when able and other safety precautions.Posted On: Friday, January 8, 2021Apply to this jobEmailPhoneorSubmittingPowered by Crelate"
