"monster.com | EveryJob.comHomeJob SearchArmy JobsTherapy jobsTruck JobsSaturday, January 23, 2021Find aJOBTitle/Keywords Company NameCity, state or zip (optional)The 5 Best Truck Driving Job Companies to Work ForBy Brad - Friday 22 May 9:58 amSuccess isn’t just about getting the right training and certification to build a successful career. Success is about ‘getting in’ to the right company.For truck driving jobs, the best company to work for is one that will meet your needs (how long you are on the road, income and benefits packages, etc.). Your choices may be limited to the training you have received, as the ability to drive a dump truck does not qualify you to haul automobiles.So you should choose a company based on the truck driving jobs that you are especially qualified for.UPS is a great company to be hired into when you prefer a short haul truck driving job. As a highly reputable company, UPS offers one of the best benefits packages for both seasonal and permanent positions. This is also a great way to start off a career as a truck driver.Mclane Company, Inc. is a leading international distribution center, delivering supplies to many well known business chains. Whether you are looking for a local truck driving job or one that gives you the opportunity to take off and travel for weeks at a time, Mclane is the place to go!A-AAA Auto Transport LLC specializes solely in the hauling of automobiles, so if this is your field as a trucker it is a great company to apply and work for. Alternatives for auto hauling jobs of a more local nature would involve checking with local car dealerships for information on their transportation services, and if they are recruiting for new drivers.Vocational truck driving is best done for your local city or state, as a garbage truck or dump truck driver for example. While there are many companies that could use a vocational truck driver, the best income you’ll make with this particular truck driving job is as a state or city worker.The United States Military Services are always in need of vocational truck drivers. Working for the military will provide you with competitive benefits that pale in comparison to the personal accomplishments you’ll achieve for serving your country.The choice of company (or job source) often varies depending on the particular truck driving job that you seek. To open up your employment choices in the field of driving a truck, improve your skills by receiving training in all fields of trucking.Posted in: Truck Jobs7 Comments | | Permalink10 Resume Elements to Energize any Job SearchBy Brad - Saturday 12 Jul 1:05 pmNo matter how perfect a person is for a job, potential employers cannot find them without an effective resume. Invigorate your job search with these ten resume updates.1. Use keywords. Spend any time searching the internet and you notice that the more specific your keywords, the more likely you are to find what you want. The same is true for your job search. Many companies use resume scanning programs that search your resume and cover letter for keywords. Make sure you use what employers are seeking.2. Limit jargon. While a resume requires effective keywords it should not be buried in jargon. The first person to screen your resume may be a human resources contact or manager with little experience with the jargon. Don’t set your job search up for failure by being unclear or generic.3. Be honest. Don’t lie on your resume.4. Use active verbs. With active words your resume will illustrate what you’ve done and won’t look like every other applicant claiming they are organized, self-motivated or responsible.5. Be specific with short, simple sentences.6. Leave lots of white space. Don’t jumble or overload your resume. Most initial scans of resumes last less than fifteen seconds. Let your resume demonstrate you are organized and efficient in a single glance.7. Make it relevant. Don’t put irrelevant jobs on your resume unless they fill a questionable gap in your work history. Provide detail for the skills that are relevant to the job you are applying for.8. Focus the objective or skills summary to the employer’s needs. Be clear and concise. Vague or extravagant objectives with no focus serve no purpose for the employer. Employers want to know that you can fill their position not that they can fulfill yours.9. Provide numbers and statistics. When including, for example, that in your previous position you improved customer service, the statement becomes imminently more effective when you say “Improved customer service by five percent in two year period”. Share proof of your accomplishments.10. Consider a resume critique. Nothing helps your job search better than a second pair of objective eyes looking at your resume.Make your resume work for you with clear, active statements that the future employer needs to know. Choose quality substance instead of gimmicks and your resume will boost your job search.Posted in: Job SearchComments | | Permalink10 Steps to Turn Your Job Search Into a JobBy Brad - Sunday 6 Jul 11:02 amJob searchers can get stuck searching for months with no results. Finding a job takes more than just posting your resume. Follow ten steps to turn your job search into a job.1. Focus your job search. Don’t submit as many applications as possible. Apply for jobs if you meet the stated qualifications and are truly interested.2. Know what you are looking for. The better you know your goals, the more likely you are to choose accurate keywords and focus your job search.3. Present a professional package. Your cover letter and resume should be clear and concise. Have someone else edit for spelling, typos and inappropriate language. Avoid gimmicks, bright colors and flashy designs.4. Be prepared for responses. You want callbacks so provide accurate and professional contact information. This means no funny voicemail messages and no caller tunes. Choose a standard ring and professional message for the duration of your job search.5. Get out of your comfort zone and network. There is truth to the statement it’s not what you know but who you know. Employers hire people they know and like. Join professional or service organizations in your area to show dedication to your field and get your face in front of potential employers.6. Prepare for the interview. Be prompt and dress professionally. Preparation also includes doing some research about the company. Show them you are interested in them and they will be interested in you.7. Sell your strengths. Potential employers won’t know what you have to offer unless you are able to communicate your strengths to them.8. Take risks. This doesn’t mean applying for a dream job you have no qualifications for. Stay informed with what’s up and coming in your industry and look to the smaller companies or start-ups for opportunities.9. Follow-up. If you haven’t heard back, let them know you are still interested with a follow-up card or email. Consider a thank you after an interview. Don’t be a pest but remind employers you are out there.10. Hold out for a good match. Don’t accept the first offer if it isn’t the right offer. When times are tough and competition is fierce sometimes you have to take a near fit and that is okay. Just be aware that you are compromising your job search and remain open to finding the perfect fit in the future.Posted in: Job SearchComments | | PermalinkJob ResourcesResume HelpDiscover Your CareerNetworking SuggestionsFree Personality TestSearch Articles on Everyjob.comEnter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurnerTagsAdd new tag army benefits army job army jobs career careerbuilder.com careers in occupational therapy careers in therapy cover letter employer employers employment find a job health care jobs hospital jobs hotjobs.com job jobs job search jobs in occupational therapy jobs in the army jobs in the military keywords long haul medical jobs medical schools military careers military jobs monster.com networking occupational therapy occupational therapy careers Occupational Therapy Employment occupational therapy jobs resume short haul therapy therapy careers therapy jobs truck driver truck driving job truck driving jobs truck jobs ups workRSS FEEDSEveryJob RSS FeedCopyright © 2007-2016 Manhattan Capital Group Inc. • Powered by Mediajobs.com • Privacy Policy • About"
