"Jobs in Statewide | HireLatinos.orgJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingModal titleCloseFind Jobs8 jobs found in StatewideDirector, Healthcare & Prehospital Care EducationAmerican Red Cross Statewide, New JerseyPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: **This is a remote position and can be located anywhere in the U.S. Candidates from across the U.S. are invited to apply.*** For those candidates located in COLORADO, the salary range for this position is: $103,700 - $138,300. Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. As an employee at the American Red Cross, you could be on the front lines making a positive impact on our community. You could provide your services directly to the American public or support to the people who do. Both roles help further the mission of the Red Cross. Join our non-profit organization, where your heart and mind go to work! We are currently seeking a Director, Healthcare and Prehospital Care Education for our Training Services Division. This is a work from home position with travel expected to be 10-25% once restrictions are lifted The Director, Healthcare & Prehospital Care Education serves as a subject matter expert for Healthcare, EMS, workplace and aquatic educational programs. The position is responsible for supporting content development by reviewing and editing technical texts throughout the product development cycle. The role will be responsible for ensuring medical accuracy and relevancy of the Training Services program content. The role will also assist the Chief Medical Office with ongoing education by being involved in continuing education accreditation for Training Services and for review, approval and quality monitoring of our continuing education accredited programs. The role, under the supervision of the Chief Medical Officer-Training Services, will serve as a subject matter expert to the Product Development team. The Director, Healthcare & Prehospital Care Education writes and edits educational materials for various training publications, videos, websites or other media. Counsels internal teams on editorial matters. He/ She will be responsible for responding to questions from students, instructors and our training centers. The role will also support the Continuing Education group, Scientific Advisory Council and as requested will serve as an internal and external ARC medical SME / liaison. Responsibilities Oversees and serves as subject matter expert regarding technical/medical content developed for Training Services programs and curriculum's. Ensures the developed content incorporates and is in compliance with the guidance from Scientific Advisory Council and other relevant standard setting groups and organizations. Directs and create scientific and medical content, writes and reviews scripts and provides applicable editing of created program materials. Provides on-site subject matter expertise during development of program materials including photo and video shoots and production. Analyzes technical literature, writes descriptive copy, and verifies documentation. May coordinate the production and distribution of material. Review content during the production phase to include media assets, rough cut videos, programmed online course material and print pages Coordinate with internal cross-functional teams Directs the daily operations of continuing education group including obtaining and maintaining accreditation, oversight of accredited programs, quality assurance and feedback for accredited programs Provides response as needed for questions from staff, instructors, students and training centers. Provides education of staff, instructor and instructor trainers As requested, is speaker at professional organization meetings and trade shows Serves as internal and external liaison based on need for scientific and medical expertise Assists CMO Training Services with support of Scientific Advisory Council and of Scientific Advisory Council as external liaisons. Other business duties or tasks as assigned by the Training Services leaders. Qualifications Education: 4-year college degree required Masters or Doctoral degree preferred Current active US license without restriction or probation as a Registered Nurse required. EMT-P will be considered. Specialty clinical certification preferred Experience: 10 to 15 years of clinical experience 3 to 5 years in healthcare education. This should include at least 1-3 years of involvement in continuing education. 5-7 years in supervisory role in healthcare Skills and Abilities: Experience and education in instructional systems design or education may be required. Excellent command of the English language in both spoken and written forms. Strong writing skills with a clear concise style and excellent grammar, punctuation, and spelling; ability to work with templates using an electronic content management system. Proven ability to present information to groups of various sizes. Evidence of speaking or teaching experience in healthcare education environment. Must be proficient in content medical editing and subject matter expertise, portfolio management and vendor/contractor management in publishing or related field. Ability to demonstrate, evaluate and re -mediate specialty area knowledge to the Red Cross standard. Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or applicable software applications. Ability to work on a team. Travel: Ability to travel 10-25% The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. *LI-Post IND123 Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: **This is a remote position and can be located anywhere in the U.S. Candidates from across the U.S. are invited to apply.*** For those candidates located in COLORADO, the salary range for this position is: $103,700 - $138,300. Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. As an employee at the American Red Cross, you could be on the front lines making a positive impact on our community. You could provide your services directly to the American public or support to the people who do. Both roles help further the mission of the Red Cross. Join our non-profit organization, where your heart and mind go to work! We are currently seeking a Director, Healthcare and Prehospital Care Education for our Training Services Division. This is a work from home position with travel expected to be 10-25% once restrictions are lifted The Director, Healthcare & Prehospital Care Education serves as a subject matter expert for Healthcare, EMS, workplace and aquatic educational programs. The position is responsible for supporting content development by reviewing and editing technical texts throughout the product development cycle. The role will be responsible for ensuring medical accuracy and relevancy of the Training Services program content. The role will also assist the Chief Medical Office with ongoing education by being involved in continuing education accreditation for Training Services and for review, approval and quality monitoring of our continuing education accredited programs. The role, under the supervision of the Chief Medical Officer-Training Services, will serve as a subject matter expert to the Product Development team. The Director, Healthcare & Prehospital Care Education writes and edits educational materials for various training publications, videos, websites or other media. Counsels internal teams on editorial matters. He/ She will be responsible for responding to questions from students, instructors and our training centers. The role will also support the Continuing Education group, Scientific Advisory Council and as requested will serve as an internal and external ARC medical SME / liaison. Responsibilities Oversees and serves as subject matter expert regarding technical/medical content developed for Training Services programs and curriculum's. Ensures the developed content incorporates and is in compliance with the guidance from Scientific Advisory Council and other relevant standard setting groups and organizations. Directs and create scientific and medical content, writes and reviews scripts and provides applicable editing of created program materials. Provides on-site subject matter expertise during development of program materials including photo and video shoots and production. Analyzes technical literature, writes descriptive copy, and verifies documentation. May coordinate the production and distribution of material. Review content during the production phase to include media assets, rough cut videos, programmed online course material and print pages Coordinate with internal cross-functional teams Directs the daily operations of continuing education group including obtaining and maintaining accreditation, oversight of accredited programs, quality assurance and feedback for accredited programs Provides response as needed for questions from staff, instructors, students and training centers. Provides education of staff, instructor and instructor trainers As requested, is speaker at professional organization meetings and trade shows Serves as internal and external liaison based on need for scientific and medical expertise Assists CMO Training Services with support of Scientific Advisory Council and of Scientific Advisory Council as external liaisons. Other business duties or tasks as assigned by the Training Services leaders. Qualifications Education: 4-year college degree required Masters or Doctoral degree preferred Current active US license without restriction or probation as a Registered Nurse required. EMT-P will be considered. Specialty clinical certification preferred Experience: 10 to 15 years of clinical experience 3 to 5 years in healthcare education. This should include at least 1-3 years of involvement in continuing education. 5-7 years in supervisory role in healthcare Skills and Abilities: Experience and education in instructional systems design or education may be required. Excellent command of the English language in both spoken and written forms. Strong writing skills with a clear concise style and excellent grammar, punctuation, and spelling; ability to work with templates using an electronic content management system. Proven ability to present information to groups of various sizes. Evidence of speaking or teaching experience in healthcare education environment. Must be proficient in content medical editing and subject matter expertise, portfolio management and vendor/contractor management in publishing or related field. Ability to demonstrate, evaluate and re -mediate specialty area knowledge to the Red Cross standard. Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or applicable software applications. Ability to work on a team. Travel: Ability to travel 10-25% The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. *LI-Post IND123 Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsCustomer Service Specialist IAmerican Red Cross Statewide, MissouriPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Are you looking to make a real difference? We are currently seeking an enthusiastic Specialist for our Order Management team to work remotely. Work Schedule: Full Time position working First shift: 7:00am- 3:30pm, Thurs-Mon (off days Tues and Wed). In this position, you will provide customer assistance in ordering blood and plasma derivatives and transfusion-related products and supplies. Maintain hospital inventory and return blood products within regulatory compliance. Responsibilities: 1. Receive routine orders for a variety of blood and pharmaceutical products and transfusion-related supplies. Follow appropriate procedures ensuring accurate order entry and order fulfillment. Make follow-up calls if product needs cannot be met as expected. 2. Maintain/work with data, tools or computer programs to facilitate management and monitoring of product and service information. 3. Provide customer service to clients. Proactively communicate with hospital customers to increase customer satisfaction. 4. Maintain positive and professional communications, both internally as well as externally to provide regular product/service information and follow-up; promote teamwork. 5. Assist hospital personnel with inventory alternatives when requested products are unavailable within established guidelines and procedures that assist the customers and the patient. Pay Rate – $14.42 an hour + shift differential For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $14.42 - $19.23 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent required. Minimum two years of progressive experience in a dynamic, multi-task operational environment preferred. Experience in blood or pharmaceutical inventory management/hospital customer relations/logistics is preferred. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Outstanding interpersonal skills in dealing with all levels of customers and staff (paid and volunteer). Must have excellent organizational skills and be able to handle multiple priorities effectively. Problem solving and analytical skills. Working knowledge of computers. Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Available to work overtime, other shifts, early mornings, evenings, holidays and weekends. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply . Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Are you looking to make a real difference? We are currently seeking an enthusiastic Specialist for our Order Management team to work remotely. Work Schedule: Full Time position working First shift: 7:00am- 3:30pm, Thurs-Mon (off days Tues and Wed). In this position, you will provide customer assistance in ordering blood and plasma derivatives and transfusion-related products and supplies. Maintain hospital inventory and return blood products within regulatory compliance. Responsibilities: 1. Receive routine orders for a variety of blood and pharmaceutical products and transfusion-related supplies. Follow appropriate procedures ensuring accurate order entry and order fulfillment. Make follow-up calls if product needs cannot be met as expected. 2. Maintain/work with data, tools or computer programs to facilitate management and monitoring of product and service information. 3. Provide customer service to clients. Proactively communicate with hospital customers to increase customer satisfaction. 4. Maintain positive and professional communications, both internally as well as externally to provide regular product/service information and follow-up; promote teamwork. 5. Assist hospital personnel with inventory alternatives when requested products are unavailable within established guidelines and procedures that assist the customers and the patient. Pay Rate – $14.42 an hour + shift differential For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $14.42 - $19.23 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent required. Minimum two years of progressive experience in a dynamic, multi-task operational environment preferred. Experience in blood or pharmaceutical inventory management/hospital customer relations/logistics is preferred. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Outstanding interpersonal skills in dealing with all levels of customers and staff (paid and volunteer). Must have excellent organizational skills and be able to handle multiple priorities effectively. Problem solving and analytical skills. Working knowledge of computers. Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Available to work overtime, other shifts, early mornings, evenings, holidays and weekends. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply . Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsSenior Analyst, Product & Pricing Analysis (Can be located anywhere in the US)American Red Cross Statewide, District of ColumbiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: With more than 23,000 employees and 330,000 volunteers, the American Red Cross comprises a diverse network of men and women committed to changing the world, one community at a time. As a member of our development team, you’ll take satisfaction in fundraising for an organization where donor dollars make an immediate impact at home, across the country and around the world. Work alongside colleagues who not only share your passion, but also support and encourage you along the way. The American Red Cross is proud to be one of the Top-Rated Workplaces: Best Non-Profits based on rankings and reviews on Indeed. We are currently seeking a Senior Analyst, Product & Pricing Analysis. This position can be located anywhere within the United States. For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $89,000-$118,000 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. In this position you will: Reporting to the VP, Product Development the Senior Analyst, Training Services, Product & Pricing Analysis works closely with colleagues enterprise-wide on complex projects to drive effective and efficient strategic planning, price analysis, and product evaluation on a wide variety of initiatives designed to improve revenue and margin of or Product Management team. Senior Manager will also be responsible for extracting data, while coordinating inputs from Salesforce.com with the goal of creating quantitative and qualitative analysis to support the following product portfolio: FA/CPR/AED and derivatives, BLS, ALS, PALS, NAT, Lifeguarding, Babysitter, Online Only Courses, Class Posting Service, etc. The Senior Analyst, Training Services, Product & Pricing Analysis is focused on maximizing the revenue and margin through the development, measurement, and reporting of key performance indicators throughout the enterprise. The role will be responsible for planning and scoping several inter-related initiatives and helping senior-level business stakeholders within Training Services make informed decisions about which initiatives to tackle and how to tackle them. Responsibilities: Analyzes data, conducts product pricing research, identifies trends, conducts competitive business analyses for Community, Full Service, Authorized Provider and License Training Provider channels. Responsible for developing pricing recommendations per product and per channel to maximize profitability of all Training Services business channels. Pricing analysis will include revenue, cost, margin and geographical variance. Conducts pricing analysis that will include revenue, risk, resource, cost-benefit, geographical variance, impact and/or other complex analysis. Develops metrics for and monitors performance of Training Services Products. Work collaboratively with Finance stakeholders to support the development of operational budget and business plan model that enhances business effectiveness Acts as main point of contact to Training Services Product, Sales, Service Delivery and Marketing Teams, and Executive Management for standardized and custom reports related to product key revenue, margin and pricing initiatives across the business. Provide reporting in a variety of views so it is accessible for immediate integration into Executive Management, Sales, Service Delivery and Product Management operations. Develop, integrate, analyze, document and communicate key weekly and monthly performance metrics across the product portfolio and all lines of business for both executive and management review. Collaborate with a cross-functional team to scope new project requests and ad-hoc report requests to ensure consistent reporting that meets business needs and focus on efficiency. Independently create presentations in a clear, concise, professional, well-researched manner appropriate for senior executive review; thoroughly document all analyses assumptions, procedures and results in a manner appropriate for both executive and management review. Qualifications: Education: 4-year college degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Experience: Minimum 7 to 10 years required Management Experience: Essential Functions/Physical Requirements: Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. Work Conditions: Work is performed indoors with some potential for exposure to safety and health hazards related to emergency services relief work. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: With more than 23,000 employees and 330,000 volunteers, the American Red Cross comprises a diverse network of men and women committed to changing the world, one community at a time. As a member of our development team, you’ll take satisfaction in fundraising for an organization where donor dollars make an immediate impact at home, across the country and around the world. Work alongside colleagues who not only share your passion, but also support and encourage you along the way. The American Red Cross is proud to be one of the Top-Rated Workplaces: Best Non-Profits based on rankings and reviews on Indeed. We are currently seeking a Senior Analyst, Product & Pricing Analysis. This position can be located anywhere within the United States. For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $89,000-$118,000 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. In this position you will: Reporting to the VP, Product Development the Senior Analyst, Training Services, Product & Pricing Analysis works closely with colleagues enterprise-wide on complex projects to drive effective and efficient strategic planning, price analysis, and product evaluation on a wide variety of initiatives designed to improve revenue and margin of or Product Management team. Senior Manager will also be responsible for extracting data, while coordinating inputs from Salesforce.com with the goal of creating quantitative and qualitative analysis to support the following product portfolio: FA/CPR/AED and derivatives, BLS, ALS, PALS, NAT, Lifeguarding, Babysitter, Online Only Courses, Class Posting Service, etc. The Senior Analyst, Training Services, Product & Pricing Analysis is focused on maximizing the revenue and margin through the development, measurement, and reporting of key performance indicators throughout the enterprise. The role will be responsible for planning and scoping several inter-related initiatives and helping senior-level business stakeholders within Training Services make informed decisions about which initiatives to tackle and how to tackle them. Responsibilities: Analyzes data, conducts product pricing research, identifies trends, conducts competitive business analyses for Community, Full Service, Authorized Provider and License Training Provider channels. Responsible for developing pricing recommendations per product and per channel to maximize profitability of all Training Services business channels. Pricing analysis will include revenue, cost, margin and geographical variance. Conducts pricing analysis that will include revenue, risk, resource, cost-benefit, geographical variance, impact and/or other complex analysis. Develops metrics for and monitors performance of Training Services Products. Work collaboratively with Finance stakeholders to support the development of operational budget and business plan model that enhances business effectiveness Acts as main point of contact to Training Services Product, Sales, Service Delivery and Marketing Teams, and Executive Management for standardized and custom reports related to product key revenue, margin and pricing initiatives across the business. Provide reporting in a variety of views so it is accessible for immediate integration into Executive Management, Sales, Service Delivery and Product Management operations. Develop, integrate, analyze, document and communicate key weekly and monthly performance metrics across the product portfolio and all lines of business for both executive and management review. Collaborate with a cross-functional team to scope new project requests and ad-hoc report requests to ensure consistent reporting that meets business needs and focus on efficiency. Independently create presentations in a clear, concise, professional, well-researched manner appropriate for senior executive review; thoroughly document all analyses assumptions, procedures and results in a manner appropriate for both executive and management review. Qualifications: Education: 4-year college degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Experience: Minimum 7 to 10 years required Management Experience: Essential Functions/Physical Requirements: Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. Work Conditions: Work is performed indoors with some potential for exposure to safety and health hazards related to emergency services relief work. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsOrder Management SpecialistAmerican Red Cross Statewide, MissouriPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Are you looking to make a real difference? We are currently seeking an enthusiastic Specialist in our Order Management team to work in our St. Louis, MO facility. Work Schedule: Full Time position working 2nd shift hours…. Saturday through Wednesday from 3PM-11:30PM. In this position, you will provide customer assistance in ordering blood and plasma derivatives and transfusion-related products and supplies. Maintain hospital inventory and return blood products within regulatory compliance. Responsibilities: 1. Receive routine orders for a variety of blood and pharmaceutical products and transfusion-related supplies. Follow appropriate procedures ensuring accurate order entry and order fulfillment. Make follow-up calls if product needs cannot be met as expected. 2. Maintain/work with data, tools or computer programs to facilitate management and monitoring of product and service information. 3. Provide customer service to clients. Proactively communicate with hospital customers to increase customer satisfaction. 4. Maintain positive and professional communications, both internally as well as externally to provide regular product/service information and follow-up; promote teamwork. 5. Assist hospital personnel with inventory alternatives when requested products are unavailable within established guidelines and procedures that assist the customers and the patient. Pay Rate – $14.42 an hour + shift differential For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $14.42 - $19.23 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent required. Minimum two years of progressive experience in a dynamic, multi-task operational environment preferred. Experience in blood or pharmaceutical inventory management/hospital customer relations/logistics is preferred. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Outstanding interpersonal skills in dealing with all levels of customers and staff (paid and volunteer). Must have excellent organizational skills and be able to handle multiple priorities effectively. Problem solving and analytical skills. Working knowledge of computers. Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Available to work overtime, other shifts, early mornings, evenings, holidays and weekends. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply . Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Are you looking to make a real difference? We are currently seeking an enthusiastic Specialist in our Order Management team to work in our St. Louis, MO facility. Work Schedule: Full Time position working 2nd shift hours…. Saturday through Wednesday from 3PM-11:30PM. In this position, you will provide customer assistance in ordering blood and plasma derivatives and transfusion-related products and supplies. Maintain hospital inventory and return blood products within regulatory compliance. Responsibilities: 1. Receive routine orders for a variety of blood and pharmaceutical products and transfusion-related supplies. Follow appropriate procedures ensuring accurate order entry and order fulfillment. Make follow-up calls if product needs cannot be met as expected. 2. Maintain/work with data, tools or computer programs to facilitate management and monitoring of product and service information. 3. Provide customer service to clients. Proactively communicate with hospital customers to increase customer satisfaction. 4. Maintain positive and professional communications, both internally as well as externally to provide regular product/service information and follow-up; promote teamwork. 5. Assist hospital personnel with inventory alternatives when requested products are unavailable within established guidelines and procedures that assist the customers and the patient. Pay Rate – $14.42 an hour + shift differential For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $14.42 - $19.23 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent required. Minimum two years of progressive experience in a dynamic, multi-task operational environment preferred. Experience in blood or pharmaceutical inventory management/hospital customer relations/logistics is preferred. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Outstanding interpersonal skills in dealing with all levels of customers and staff (paid and volunteer). Must have excellent organizational skills and be able to handle multiple priorities effectively. Problem solving and analytical skills. Working knowledge of computers. Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Available to work overtime, other shifts, early mornings, evenings, holidays and weekends. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply . Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsAquatics Sales Specialist (work from home MA, NH, VT or ME)American Red Cross Statewide, MassachusettsPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: The American Red Cross of New England has a fantastic career opportunity available for a Sales Executive to directly handle and develop top-tier clientele with our Preparedness, Health and Safety Services throughout Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine and Vermont. This is a virtual position that can be located anywhere in the territory. The Training Services Territory Aquatics Specialist’s primary responsibility is to grow the revenue and reach of all ARC aquatic programs. It includes identifying land and product revenue streams within Aquatic accounts in the assigned territory. This includes up-selling and cross-selling existing clients to use additional ARC programs, conducting regular face-to-face meetings with key, strategic clients, maintaining a list of prospects for ARC aquatics programs, developing specific sales strategy to convert these prospects to full-fledged clients. Reporting to the Sales Manager, the Territory Aquatics Specialist is responsible for sales and revenue growth from mid-sized and large accounts within assigned territory of MA, NH, VT and ME. The Sales Executive is directly responsible for developing long-term relationships with Top Tier customers while identifying new and ongoing sales opportunities within each account. The Sales Executive also sells Preparedness, Health & Safety Services (PHSS) products and services to new targeted acquisition accounts. The territory size for this position has an annual revenue target greater than $600,000. Major Duties and Responsibilities: Revenue growth: Identifies business and growth opportunities within existing clients in effort to expand revenue generation. Formulates and implements an account strategy and timeline to achieve these objectives.. Recognizes business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options and opportunities. Formulates and implements a prospect sales strategy with action steps & timeline. Reach growth: Identifies growth opportunities within existing clients in effort to expand reach generation. Formulates and implements an account strategy and timeline to achieve business objectives. Identifies prospective strategic & transactional clients in assigned area of responsibility. Formulates and implements a prospect reach strategy with action steps & timeline. Resource Deployment: Orchestrates deployment of ARC resources to clients and prospects to stimulate and support growth of revenue & reach. This can include business process support, joint sales calls, content/science training and marketing materials. Establishes collaborative goals with strategic clients supported by congruent and reciprocal action plans. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in related discipline or equivalent related experience required. Related disciplines include Business, Sales, Marketing or Finance. In addition, requires a minimum of 7 years of successful related experience, preferably in a sales and/or product marketing position. American Red Cross PHSS experience preferred. Knowledge of and experience in applying field sales techniques. Executive level sales’ skills and ability to acquire and manage large accounts preferred. Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Current licensure in Lifeguard and WSI-IT is a plus but not required. Basic computer skills and demonstrated ability to utilize MS Office programs and Salesforce.com or similar client relationship management applications. Ability to travel 50-90%. Must have valid driver’s license and reliable transportation for regional travel. *LI-POST Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: The American Red Cross of New England has a fantastic career opportunity available for a Sales Executive to directly handle and develop top-tier clientele with our Preparedness, Health and Safety Services throughout Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine and Vermont. This is a virtual position that can be located anywhere in the territory. The Training Services Territory Aquatics Specialist’s primary responsibility is to grow the revenue and reach of all ARC aquatic programs. It includes identifying land and product revenue streams within Aquatic accounts in the assigned territory. This includes up-selling and cross-selling existing clients to use additional ARC programs, conducting regular face-to-face meetings with key, strategic clients, maintaining a list of prospects for ARC aquatics programs, developing specific sales strategy to convert these prospects to full-fledged clients. Reporting to the Sales Manager, the Territory Aquatics Specialist is responsible for sales and revenue growth from mid-sized and large accounts within assigned territory of MA, NH, VT and ME. The Sales Executive is directly responsible for developing long-term relationships with Top Tier customers while identifying new and ongoing sales opportunities within each account. The Sales Executive also sells Preparedness, Health & Safety Services (PHSS) products and services to new targeted acquisition accounts. The territory size for this position has an annual revenue target greater than $600,000. Major Duties and Responsibilities: Revenue growth: Identifies business and growth opportunities within existing clients in effort to expand revenue generation. Formulates and implements an account strategy and timeline to achieve these objectives.. Recognizes business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options and opportunities. Formulates and implements a prospect sales strategy with action steps & timeline. Reach growth: Identifies growth opportunities within existing clients in effort to expand reach generation. Formulates and implements an account strategy and timeline to achieve business objectives. Identifies prospective strategic & transactional clients in assigned area of responsibility. Formulates and implements a prospect reach strategy with action steps & timeline. Resource Deployment: Orchestrates deployment of ARC resources to clients and prospects to stimulate and support growth of revenue & reach. This can include business process support, joint sales calls, content/science training and marketing materials. Establishes collaborative goals with strategic clients supported by congruent and reciprocal action plans. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in related discipline or equivalent related experience required. Related disciplines include Business, Sales, Marketing or Finance. In addition, requires a minimum of 7 years of successful related experience, preferably in a sales and/or product marketing position. American Red Cross PHSS experience preferred. Knowledge of and experience in applying field sales techniques. Executive level sales’ skills and ability to acquire and manage large accounts preferred. Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Current licensure in Lifeguard and WSI-IT is a plus but not required. Basic computer skills and demonstrated ability to utilize MS Office programs and Salesforce.com or similar client relationship management applications. Ability to travel 50-90%. Must have valid driver’s license and reliable transportation for regional travel. *LI-POST Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsManager II, SalesAmerican Red Cross Statewide, ColoradoPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Reporting to the Division Sales Director, the Sales Manager II is responsible for growth within the Territory. Directs the sale of training services and products to Top Tier accounts and targeted acquisition prospects through Sales Representatives and personal sales activities. Primary responsibilities are protecting and growing revenues from current accounts and generating new revenues from targeted acquisition accounts, achieving territory sales goals, managing team performance, overseeing use of sales metrics by Sales Representatives and assisting the Division Sales Director in budget administration. The salary range for this position is: Grade 14- 110% Geo Diff (Colorado): $97,460 - $129,910 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications Responsibilities 1. Responsible for managing the assigned sales team.. Plans and directs assigned sales force activities including business development efforts, customer communications, and assistance in preparation of sales forecasts. 2. The Sales Manager II in conjunction with reporting sales staff will sell PHSS products and services to corporate, government and/ or not for profit customers. Seeks and acts upon leads and builds relationships with potential customers to bring them to close. 3. Identifies business and growth opportunities using an existing network of industry contacts to generate new business. Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options. 4. Hires high-performing salespeople according to HR staffing guidelines. Trains new sales people to ensure success, coaches and develops existing direct reports. 5. Drives the sales process for PHSS products and services ensuring compliance. 6. Ensures productive and positive relationship with customers. Explores and builds partner relationships to develop and/or enhance business alliances externally and with OneRedCross partners (Chapters and Blood Services). 7. Responsible for ensuring the assigned sales volume and profitability objectives are met. 8. Personally observes day-to-day performance of all sales team members and provides support in effort to maintain and improve relationships with the Top Tier clients. 9. Cultivates effective business relationships with executive decision makers in key accounts. 10. Responsible for managing resources allocated, including budget and personnel. 11. Minimum 4 FTEs; typically 5 to 9 direct reports. 12. Territory Size: annual revenue target greater than $2,000,000. Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources/Training, or similar discipline. Experience: A minimum of 5 plus years of direct experience in sales and/or product marketing position. Experience in acquiring and managing large accounts as well as Business planning and budget development is required with knowledge of field sales techniques. Work in education tech/services or consumer products/services is a plus, but not required. Management Experience: A minimum 3 years of supervisory management experience. Proven ability to direct and mentor executive level sales team required. Skills and Abilities: Demonstrated ability to recruit, interview and hire professional and experienced business to business sales representatives. Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to simultaneously manage several projects and motivate teams under tight deadlines. Ability to participate in and facilitate group meetings. Basic computer skills and demonstrated ability to utilize MS Office programs and Salesforce.com or similar client relationship management applications. Travel: Ability to travel 70%. Must have reliable transportation for regional travel. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Reporting to the Division Sales Director, the Sales Manager II is responsible for growth within the Territory. Directs the sale of training services and products to Top Tier accounts and targeted acquisition prospects through Sales Representatives and personal sales activities. Primary responsibilities are protecting and growing revenues from current accounts and generating new revenues from targeted acquisition accounts, achieving territory sales goals, managing team performance, overseeing use of sales metrics by Sales Representatives and assisting the Division Sales Director in budget administration. The salary range for this position is: Grade 14- 110% Geo Diff (Colorado): $97,460 - $129,910 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications Responsibilities 1. Responsible for managing the assigned sales team.. Plans and directs assigned sales force activities including business development efforts, customer communications, and assistance in preparation of sales forecasts. 2. The Sales Manager II in conjunction with reporting sales staff will sell PHSS products and services to corporate, government and/ or not for profit customers. Seeks and acts upon leads and builds relationships with potential customers to bring them to close. 3. Identifies business and growth opportunities using an existing network of industry contacts to generate new business. Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options. 4. Hires high-performing salespeople according to HR staffing guidelines. Trains new sales people to ensure success, coaches and develops existing direct reports. 5. Drives the sales process for PHSS products and services ensuring compliance. 6. Ensures productive and positive relationship with customers. Explores and builds partner relationships to develop and/or enhance business alliances externally and with OneRedCross partners (Chapters and Blood Services). 7. Responsible for ensuring the assigned sales volume and profitability objectives are met. 8. Personally observes day-to-day performance of all sales team members and provides support in effort to maintain and improve relationships with the Top Tier clients. 9. Cultivates effective business relationships with executive decision makers in key accounts. 10. Responsible for managing resources allocated, including budget and personnel. 11. Minimum 4 FTEs; typically 5 to 9 direct reports. 12. Territory Size: annual revenue target greater than $2,000,000. Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources/Training, or similar discipline. Experience: A minimum of 5 plus years of direct experience in sales and/or product marketing position. Experience in acquiring and managing large accounts as well as Business planning and budget development is required with knowledge of field sales techniques. Work in education tech/services or consumer products/services is a plus, but not required. Management Experience: A minimum 3 years of supervisory management experience. Proven ability to direct and mentor executive level sales team required. Skills and Abilities: Demonstrated ability to recruit, interview and hire professional and experienced business to business sales representatives. Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to simultaneously manage several projects and motivate teams under tight deadlines. Ability to participate in and facilitate group meetings. Basic computer skills and demonstrated ability to utilize MS Office programs and Salesforce.com or similar client relationship management applications. Travel: Ability to travel 70%. Must have reliable transportation for regional travel. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsIM/GIS Technical Specialist - International Disaster Response ReservesAmerican Red Cross Statewide, District of ColumbiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Location: Global based on assignment % of Travel Required: 50% - 75% up to maximum 6 months per year SUMMARY: International Disaster Response (IDR) Reserves are disaster management professionals who have extensive experience in emergency operations management, coordination, or specific technical areas. In all cases the role of the IDR Reserves is to support the response and recovery activities of Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement disaster operations. IDR Reserve employees of the Red Cross are paid while working on disaster operations and on specific non-disaster assignments. IDR Reserves are expected to be available for disaster response deployments for a minimum of 4 weeks and no more than 6 months at a time, must be available to either deploy or provide remote support with a minimum notice and must successfully complete a medical clearance form. Travel is required on some IDR Reserve assignments. IDR IM/GIS reserves additionally support remote activations for response operations as part of the Surge Information Management Support (SIMS) network through either coordinating or technical support to information needs and deliverables (such as maps, data analysis, infographics, etc). RESPONSIBILITIES: The IM/GIS Specialist provides both deployed and remote support to the IFRC and Operating National Society (ONS) in order to facilitate effective response activities in keeping with IFRC/ONS disaster management strategy for a response operation. Based on the emergency strategy and the support requested the role may include the following responsibilities: Required: Serve as the focal point responsible for coordinating information on Red Cross/Red Crescent activities especially through data products such as 3W, and including geospatial information. Engage as part of an information management or assessment team to support data-driven decision-making. Identify data/analysis/information needs to support decision-making of operational leads and sector specialists. Support the operation with data collection. Advise and set up appropriate methods and/or tools, as well as advocate for improved survey design. At times you may be required to support the development of data analysis plans with other colleagues. Collect, collate, and analyze data related to operational information requests and assessments and assure quality of data. Identify appropriateness of data storage solutions and proper methodologies for managing various levels of data. Design, create, and/or coordinate IM/GIS products such as visuals to accompany assessments, planning, and reporting. Determine information needs by various audiences and incorporate design principles to effectively communicate and disseminate information. Analyze available data to identify gaps, overlaps, and bottlenecks by sector/area/program; communicate analysis through maps and other products as needed. Advocate for and support the implementation of data protection best practices when collecting and collaborating with operational data. Additional duties as needed: Support preparation of situation reports and communication documents, briefing papers, maps and final reporting; specifically, responsible for IM/GIS products such as visual representation of information used in reporting and communication activities (maps, graphics, charts, etc). Support Red Cross/Red Crescent participation in inter-agency coordination across sectors (for example, reporting into the Cluster System). Design or advise on database management for integration with longer-term data management needs for programming. Advocate and apply the use of secondary data and translate into information to support an operation. QUALIFICATIONS: An ideal IM/GIS Specialist has a mixture of technical and interpersonal skills, as well as experience working in international contexts and foreign language skills. We are looking for a combination of the following: Excellent analytical skills, including the ability to synthesize, process and prioritize various sources and amounts of information quickly. Can appropriately sift through large datasets or extrapolate from small datasets, and understands the limitations of both situations. Strong understanding of data collection: tools, methods, and management. Significant computer literacy with moderate to advanced skills in QGIS and/or ArcGIS. Ability to produce high-quality maps in the field is highly desirable though mapping can often be supported remotely. Additional skills with databases, IT equipment, web design, scripting, and use of cloud services are all an added asset. Some experience with graphic design and the ability to translate digital datasets into graphic, informative presentations. Adobe Illustrator skills preferred. GIS products are required for different audiences, utilizing a mixture of text, charts, graphs and other visual displays of information to effectively communicate complex geospatial information. Knowledge of mobile data collection and survey techniques using the Open Data Kit suite or KoBo Toolbox. Good understanding of humanitarian response, the groups involved, and the impact of evidence-based decision making upon the delivery of humanitarian action. Strong interpersonal skills and experience with teamwork and coordination. IM/GIS Specialists often need to bridge the communication between decision makers, coordinators, etc. and technical personnel responsible for delivering various technologies aimed to assist in data collection, storage, or analysis. Experience with monitoring and evaluation is helpful. This position will often need to liaise with Planning, Monitoring, Evaluation, and Reporting delegates to support overall operational data needs. Familiarity with the transition from surge to early recovery is a plus. Strong attention to detail, and ability to identify gaps and take the initiative to address them. International work experience preferred. Experience with case management systems preferred, but not required. Good stress management and ability to work in high stress environments. Fluency in a foreign language (preferably Spanish or French). For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $80,000 - $90,000 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply . *LI-JG1 Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsSep 23, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Location: Global based on assignment % of Travel Required: 50% - 75% up to maximum 6 months per year SUMMARY: International Disaster Response (IDR) Reserves are disaster management professionals who have extensive experience in emergency operations management, coordination, or specific technical areas. In all cases the role of the IDR Reserves is to support the response and recovery activities of Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement disaster operations. IDR Reserve employees of the Red Cross are paid while working on disaster operations and on specific non-disaster assignments. IDR Reserves are expected to be available for disaster response deployments for a minimum of 4 weeks and no more than 6 months at a time, must be available to either deploy or provide remote support with a minimum notice and must successfully complete a medical clearance form. Travel is required on some IDR Reserve assignments. IDR IM/GIS reserves additionally support remote activations for response operations as part of the Surge Information Management Support (SIMS) network through either coordinating or technical support to information needs and deliverables (such as maps, data analysis, infographics, etc). RESPONSIBILITIES: The IM/GIS Specialist provides both deployed and remote support to the IFRC and Operating National Society (ONS) in order to facilitate effective response activities in keeping with IFRC/ONS disaster management strategy for a response operation. Based on the emergency strategy and the support requested the role may include the following responsibilities: Required: Serve as the focal point responsible for coordinating information on Red Cross/Red Crescent activities especially through data products such as 3W, and including geospatial information. Engage as part of an information management or assessment team to support data-driven decision-making. Identify data/analysis/information needs to support decision-making of operational leads and sector specialists. Support the operation with data collection. Advise and set up appropriate methods and/or tools, as well as advocate for improved survey design. At times you may be required to support the development of data analysis plans with other colleagues. Collect, collate, and analyze data related to operational information requests and assessments and assure quality of data. Identify appropriateness of data storage solutions and proper methodologies for managing various levels of data. Design, create, and/or coordinate IM/GIS products such as visuals to accompany assessments, planning, and reporting. Determine information needs by various audiences and incorporate design principles to effectively communicate and disseminate information. Analyze available data to identify gaps, overlaps, and bottlenecks by sector/area/program; communicate analysis through maps and other products as needed. Advocate for and support the implementation of data protection best practices when collecting and collaborating with operational data. Additional duties as needed: Support preparation of situation reports and communication documents, briefing papers, maps and final reporting; specifically, responsible for IM/GIS products such as visual representation of information used in reporting and communication activities (maps, graphics, charts, etc). Support Red Cross/Red Crescent participation in inter-agency coordination across sectors (for example, reporting into the Cluster System). Design or advise on database management for integration with longer-term data management needs for programming. Advocate and apply the use of secondary data and translate into information to support an operation. QUALIFICATIONS: An ideal IM/GIS Specialist has a mixture of technical and interpersonal skills, as well as experience working in international contexts and foreign language skills. We are looking for a combination of the following: Excellent analytical skills, including the ability to synthesize, process and prioritize various sources and amounts of information quickly. Can appropriately sift through large datasets or extrapolate from small datasets, and understands the limitations of both situations. Strong understanding of data collection: tools, methods, and management. Significant computer literacy with moderate to advanced skills in QGIS and/or ArcGIS. Ability to produce high-quality maps in the field is highly desirable though mapping can often be supported remotely. Additional skills with databases, IT equipment, web design, scripting, and use of cloud services are all an added asset. Some experience with graphic design and the ability to translate digital datasets into graphic, informative presentations. Adobe Illustrator skills preferred. GIS products are required for different audiences, utilizing a mixture of text, charts, graphs and other visual displays of information to effectively communicate complex geospatial information. Knowledge of mobile data collection and survey techniques using the Open Data Kit suite or KoBo Toolbox. Good understanding of humanitarian response, the groups involved, and the impact of evidence-based decision making upon the delivery of humanitarian action. Strong interpersonal skills and experience with teamwork and coordination. IM/GIS Specialists often need to bridge the communication between decision makers, coordinators, etc. and technical personnel responsible for delivering various technologies aimed to assist in data collection, storage, or analysis. Experience with monitoring and evaluation is helpful. This position will often need to liaise with Planning, Monitoring, Evaluation, and Reporting delegates to support overall operational data needs. Familiarity with the transition from surge to early recovery is a plus. Strong attention to detail, and ability to identify gaps and take the initiative to address them. International work experience preferred. Experience with case management systems preferred, but not required. Good stress management and ability to work in high stress environments. Fluency in a foreign language (preferably Spanish or French). For those candidates located in Colorado, the salary range for this position is: $80,000 - $90,000 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the job or employee resides. The stated salary range in this posting is an average and may not be reflective of your individual circumstances. We will review specific salary information at the time of phone screening based upon your location. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply . *LI-JG1 Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsMobile Charge NurseAmerican Red Cross Statewide, New JerseyPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsAug 10, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsLoad moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitter"
