"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs18 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWildland and Forest Fire Control Sustainability Remediation - Brownfields - CERCLARefine by Job CategoriesForestry (759) Climate Change/ Resiliency (14) Management (12) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Conservation/ Natural Resources (11) Advocacy and Policy (10)Communication - Public Outreach (10) Environmental Science - Engineering (9) Waste Management - Recycling (9) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (7) Research (6) Biology - Ecology (6) Energy Efficiency (6) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Energy (4) Environmental Planning - NEPA (4) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (4) Renewable Energy (4) Water Quality (4) Air Quality (4) Administrator/Executive (3) Environmental & Energy Law (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Environmental Protection (3) Cultural Resources (2) Law Enforcement (2) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (2) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (2) Parks (2) Business Development (1) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Wildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity (1) Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains (1) Faculty/Instructor (1) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (4) Maine (3) Colorado (2) New York (2) California (1) Maryland (1)Ohio (1) Vermont (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Program Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Manager, Clean Energy and ClimateCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including...Dec 29, 2020Full timeManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including...Senior Manager, Food and ForestsCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Food and Forests (Forest Carbon Credit) Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Food and Forests team works to protect forests from the impacts of agriculture, largely with a focus on influencing the largest food and beverage companies to improve the sustainability of their agricultural sourcing policies and practices. We are seeking a Senior Manager, Food and Forests to support key projects on the role of forests and land in corporate climate strategies. The Senior Manager...Dec 01, 2020Full timeSenior Manager, Food and Forests (Forest Carbon Credit) Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Food and Forests team works to protect forests from the impacts of agriculture, largely with a focus on influencing the largest food and beverage companies to improve the sustainability of their agricultural sourcing policies and practices. We are seeking a Senior Manager, Food and Forests to support key projects on the role of forests and land in corporate climate strategies. The Senior Manager...900 HR Environmental Steward/Dept of Environmental ProtectionMaine Conservation CorpsApplication Deadline: February 8, 2021 Service Term Dates: April 12 – September 21, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a specific position with Department of Environmental Protection - Maine Healthy Beaches. When you apply, you can specify you are only interested in this position or also the 900 hour Environmental Steward...Jan 22, 2021SeasonalApplication Deadline: February 8, 2021 Service Term Dates: April 12 – September 21, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a specific position with Department of Environmental Protection - Maine Healthy Beaches. When you apply, you can specify you are only interested in this position or also the 900 hour Environmental Steward...900 HR Environmental StewardMaine Conservation Corps Augusta, ME, USAApplication Deadline: March 15, 2021 Service Term Dates: June 1 – November 12, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a general description of MCC ES positions but does not capture the objectives of each host site. Location: Individual sites will be posted on the MCC website as they are recruited. Applicants will be...Jan 22, 2021SeasonalApplication Deadline: March 15, 2021 Service Term Dates: June 1 – November 12, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a general description of MCC ES positions but does not capture the objectives of each host site. Location: Individual sites will be posted on the MCC website as they are recruited. Applicants will be...Lead Analyst - SustainabilityNew York Power Authority White Plains, NY, USASummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Jan 21, 2021Full timeSummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Forestry Operations ManagerHudson Valley Native Landscaping Ulster County, NY, USAHudson Valley Native Landscaping is a family-owned business that has been serving residential property owners throughout New York’s Hudson Valley since 2009. In our forestry division, we restore woodlands, manually remove invasive plants, and incorporate permaculture philosophies. In our native landscaping division, we design and plant gardens. Demand is growing for this type of service and we are perfectly positioned to lead in the marketplace. The long-term opportunities for you in the residential field are enormous. As an Operations Manager, you will draw upon your knowledge of forest ecology, while supervising and working side by side with your team to directly improve the health and biology of our client’s yards & woodlands. We invite you to join our team in bringing this rapidly growing company to the next level. Job Description: Plan and supervise field work in the restoration of impaired edge habitat. Provide knowledgeable consultations for...Jan 21, 2021Full timeHudson Valley Native Landscaping is a family-owned business that has been serving residential property owners throughout New York’s Hudson Valley since 2009. In our forestry division, we restore woodlands, manually remove invasive plants, and incorporate permaculture philosophies. In our native landscaping division, we design and plant gardens. Demand is growing for this type of service and we are perfectly positioned to lead in the marketplace. The long-term opportunities for you in the residential field are enormous. As an Operations Manager, you will draw upon your knowledge of forest ecology, while supervising and working side by side with your team to directly improve the health and biology of our client’s yards & woodlands. We invite you to join our team in bringing this rapidly growing company to the next level. Job Description: Plan and supervise field work in the restoration of impaired edge habitat. Provide knowledgeable consultations for...Intern-Energy/Air Quality ProgramMid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission Columbus, OH, USAThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Chief Sustainability OfficerBaltimore County Towson, MD, USAThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Chief Executive Officer, VEICEos Transition Partners Winooski, VT, USAVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Jan 21, 2021Full timeVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program ManagerSan Ramon, CA San Ramon, CA, USADescription Under general direction, the Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program Manager plans, directs, and oversees the activities, operations, and projects of complex programs; serves as a technical expert and resource for assigned programs including providing extensive, in-depth, and specialized administrative, budgetary, financial, and compliance research, analysis, and support; analyzes programmatic practices and procedures and develops and implements recommendations for operational, policy, and procedural improvements; oversees and conducts needs analyses, feasibility studies, and evaluations for assigned programs; oversees, develops, summarizes, and maintains administrative, staff, technical, and fiscal reports and records; fosters cooperative working relationships among Department and City units and divisions and acts as a liaison with various community, public, and regulatory agencies; and performs related work as required. The Solid Waste and Environmental...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription Under general direction, the Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program Manager plans, directs, and oversees the activities, operations, and projects of complex programs; serves as a technical expert and resource for assigned programs including providing extensive, in-depth, and specialized administrative, budgetary, financial, and compliance research, analysis, and support; analyzes programmatic practices and procedures and develops and implements recommendations for operational, policy, and procedural improvements; oversees and conducts needs analyses, feasibility studies, and evaluations for assigned programs; oversees, develops, summarizes, and maintains administrative, staff, technical, and fiscal reports and records; fosters cooperative working relationships among Department and City units and divisions and acts as a liaison with various community, public, and regulatory agencies; and performs related work as required. The Solid Waste and Environmental...Senior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital MarketsCeresSenior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities This is a full-time position, preferably based in the Boston or New York City area. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective climate and clean energy policies, especially in the financial...Dec 29, 2020Full timeSenior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities This is a full-time position, preferably based in the Boston or New York City area. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective climate and clean energy policies, especially in the financial...Field Team Member (Trails)Maine Conservation Corps Augusta, ME, USAGeneral Description Live, serve, and explore Maine’s wilderness, coast and mountains with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). Members serve in teams of three to six, using traditional construction and maintenance skills to enhance hiking, biking, skiing, and other types of recreational trails throughout the state. Learn how to highline a 500-pound boulder to construct a stone staircase, build timber structures, or open access to treasured natural areas. You’ll make a difference in local communities, while connecting to nature, peers and yourself. Build a path, while finding yours. Location: 54 Independence Drive, Augusta, ME 04330 Training typically takes place in the Augusta area; field projects are conducted throughout Maine. Start Date: June 1, 2021 End Date: October 1, 2021 Time Requirement: Full time, 40 hours a week, 7:00am – 4:30pm, for 9 days (Monday – Tuesday), followed by 5 days off OR Monday – Friday with weekends off. It is typical to...Dec 14, 2020TemporaryGeneral Description Live, serve, and explore Maine’s wilderness, coast and mountains with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). Members serve in teams of three to six, using traditional construction and maintenance skills to enhance hiking, biking, skiing, and other types of recreational trails throughout the state. Learn how to highline a 500-pound boulder to construct a stone staircase, build timber structures, or open access to treasured natural areas. You’ll make a difference in local communities, while connecting to nature, peers and yourself. Build a path, while finding yours. Location: 54 Independence Drive, Augusta, ME 04330 Training typically takes place in the Augusta area; field projects are conducted throughout Maine. Start Date: June 1, 2021 End Date: October 1, 2021 Time Requirement: Full time, 40 hours a week, 7:00am – 4:30pm, for 9 days (Monday – Tuesday), followed by 5 days off OR Monday – Friday with weekends off. It is typical to...Assistant Team Leader (Trails)Maine Conservation Corps Augusta, ME, USALive, serve, and explore Maine’s wilderness, coast and mountains with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). Get paid for 6 weeks of leadership and technical skills training and then practice those skills while serving and supporting a team leader in managing a crew to enhance hiking, biking, skiing, and other types of recreational trails throughout the state. Gain training and experience in leadership while learning how to highline a 500-pound boulder to construct a stone staircase, build timber structures, or open access to treasured natural areas. You’ll make a difference in the lives of your team and local communities, while connecting to nature, peers and yourself. Build a path, while finding yours. Location: MCC Office: 54 Independence Drive, Augusta, ME 04330 Training typically takes place in the Augusta area; field projects occur throughout Maine. Start Date: April 20, 2021 End Date: October 1, 2021 Time requirements: Full time, 40+ hours a...Dec 14, 2020TemporaryLive, serve, and explore Maine’s wilderness, coast and mountains with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). Get paid for 6 weeks of leadership and technical skills training and then practice those skills while serving and supporting a team leader in managing a crew to enhance hiking, biking, skiing, and other types of recreational trails throughout the state. Gain training and experience in leadership while learning how to highline a 500-pound boulder to construct a stone staircase, build timber structures, or open access to treasured natural areas. You’ll make a difference in the lives of your team and local communities, while connecting to nature, peers and yourself. Build a path, while finding yours. Location: MCC Office: 54 Independence Drive, Augusta, ME 04330 Training typically takes place in the Augusta area; field projects occur throughout Maine. Start Date: April 20, 2021 End Date: October 1, 2021 Time requirements: Full time, 40+ hours a...Director, Campaigns (Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets)Ceres Boston, MA, USADirector, Campaigns, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities Ceres is searching for a full-time Campaign Director to coordinate all actors and pieces of mobilizing investors and financial institutions to step up action to address the climate crisis. The first project to manage is Ceres’ Accelerator Net Zero Finance Campaign. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior...Dec 13, 2020Full timeDirector, Campaigns, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities Ceres is searching for a full-time Campaign Director to coordinate all actors and pieces of mobilizing investors and financial institutions to step up action to address the climate crisis. The first project to manage is Ceres’ Accelerator Net Zero Finance Campaign. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior...Senior Associate, Water and Agriculture ResilienceCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Water Program promotes capital market solutions to the global water crisis by accelerating private sector leadership on sustainable water management, through cutting-edge research, company engagement, investor mobilization and advocacy. Ultimately our work is about changing the way the world’s largest economic actors value and manage water. The Senior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience position supports the program’s efforts to...Dec 13, 2020Full timeSenior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Water Program promotes capital market solutions to the global water crisis by accelerating private sector leadership on sustainable water management, through cutting-edge research, company engagement, investor mobilization and advocacy. Ultimately our work is about changing the way the world’s largest economic actors value and manage water. The Senior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience position supports the program’s efforts to...Green Iowa AmeriCorps 6-month Environmental Steward PositionGreen Iowa AmeriCorpsService Description : Green Iowa AmeriCorps operates through the University of Northern Iowa’s Center for Energy and Environmental Education (UNI CEEE) in Cedar Falls. The program is looking to recruit passionate and motivated individuals for a 6-month service experience in one of our service locations throughout Iowa. As a member of our new and existing programs sites, you will have the opportunity to create plans in conjunction with city officials, nonprofit leaders and school districts, and execute projects that will greatly impact the communities we serve. The leadership and empowerment experienced as part of our program will be like no other! Our program hopes to train the next generation of ‘green-collar’ workers through a combination of service work, presentations, and hands-on learning. Members have the opportunity to build leadership abilities through specific coordinator roles, which will allow each member to contribute their own unique skills to the...Dec 11, 2020TemporaryService Description : Green Iowa AmeriCorps operates through the University of Northern Iowa’s Center for Energy and Environmental Education (UNI CEEE) in Cedar Falls. The program is looking to recruit passionate and motivated individuals for a 6-month service experience in one of our service locations throughout Iowa. As a member of our new and existing programs sites, you will have the opportunity to create plans in conjunction with city officials, nonprofit leaders and school districts, and execute projects that will greatly impact the communities we serve. The leadership and empowerment experienced as part of our program will be like no other! Our program hopes to train the next generation of ‘green-collar’ workers through a combination of service work, presentations, and hands-on learning. Members have the opportunity to build leadership abilities through specific coordinator roles, which will allow each member to contribute their own unique skills to the...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
