"Jobatic - Job PSE SALESUSAPSE SALESHosmer - South Dakota (SD), 57448United States Postal ServiceEstimated salary $17.19 an hourJob Description:United States Postal ServiceExternal Publication for Job Posting 10380296If this job requires qualification on an examination, the number of applicants who will be invited to take or retake theexamination may be limited.BranchDakotas DistrictJob Posting Period12/23/2019 - 12/28/2019This job has an exam requirement. Currently, applicants for this posting who do not yet have an exam score are beinginvited to take the exam. Examining will continue until capacity has been reached.Job TitlePSE SALES & SVCS/DISTRIBUTION ASSOCIATEFacility LocationHOSMER102 E MAIN STHOSMER, SD 57448-9998CONTACT INFORMATION: [email protected]Position InformationTitle: PSE SALES & SVCS/DISTRIBUTION ASSOCIATEFLSA Designation: Non-ExemptOccupation Code: 2395-0017Non-Scheduled Days: VARIESHours: VARIESWindow training is required after hire, followed by an end-of-training test on which employee must qualify to remainemployed.Postal Support Employees (PSE) hold temporary appointments for periods not-to-exceed 360 days. Subsequentappointments after a 5 day break in service may be offered but are not guaranteed and should not be expected because theuse of PSEs is discretionary and subject to business needs.PSEs can be scheduled any hours and the position is intended to be very flexible, including weekends and holidays asneeded. PSEs must be available to work when needed.BENEFIT INFORMATION:Non-career 360-day term with possibility of reappointment. May lead to career position. Benefits include PTO at 1 hr for every20 hrs in pay status, holiday pay for 6 holidays, and pay raises per APWU National Agreement. Immediately eligible forUSPSHB Plan with a $125 employer premium contribution. Contribution towards greater than Self Only is 65% (75% ifreappointed). Upon a conditional reappointment to a 2nd 360-day term after a break in service of no more than 5 days,eligible for: health insurance under FEHB with Postal premium contributions towards APWU CDHP; dental and visioninsurance through FEDVIP; flexible spending accounts through FSAFEDS and long term care insurance through FLTCIP.Wounded Warrior leave available if eligible.SALARY RANGE: $17.19 per hour paid bi-weeklyFINANCE NUMBER: 464104Persons Eligible to ApplyAll U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent resident aliens, citizens of American Samoa or other territory owing permanent allegianceto the United States. Applicants entitled to veterans’ preference and/or covered by the Veterans Employment OpportunityAct may apply for any posted position. Applicants must apply online at www.usps.com/careers to be considered for thisemployment opportunity. You must have a valid email address to apply as communication regarding employmentopportunities, examinations (when applicable), and background checks will be sent by email. Please add the following emaildomain addresses to your contact list to allow all correspondence to be received - @usps.gov; @jobtryout.net;@psionline.com; @geninfo.com; @uspis.gov. EXAM: If an exam is required and you are invited to take the test, instructionsregarding the exam process will be sent to you via email. Please ensure you can receive email messages from our testvendor and follow instructions carefully so you can be considered for this employment opportunity. SCREENINGS: You mayreceive multiple requests for background checks in regards to this employment opportunity. Respond to all requests quicklyas we anticipate filling our vacancies quickly and nonresponses may result in disqualification for this opportunity.Background CheckThe Inspection Service criminal background check is conducted using United States information resources only (e.g., FBIfingerprint check, state and county checks). A criminal background check involves a 5-year inquiry for any location wherethe individual has resided, worked or gone to school within the United States or its territories. As a result of this limitation,the criminal background checks of individuals who have not resided in the United States or its territories for the preceding5-years may not be considered complete. The Inspection Service may be able to process inquiries for U.S. Citizens only,but only if their time spent out of the country was spent as: a trailing spouse or dependent of someone working for the U.S.government (military or civilian), a missionary, a student attending school in a foreign country, a Peace Corps participant, oras an employee of a U.S.-based employer/company. If the Inspection Service is unable to perform a complete backgroundcheck because of residency outside the United States, such individuals will be ineligible for Postal employment.Functional PurposePerforms distribution and a variety of sales and customer support services for products. Maintains pleasant and effectivepublic relations with customers and others requiring a general familiarity with postal laws, regulations, and procedurescommonly used.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES1. Performs any variety of sales and customer services at a retail window such as maintaining sufficient inventory of andselling stamps, stamped paper, other retail products, passport acceptance (where applicable) and other retail services;Mayuse a computerized system, accepting and delivering packages and accountable mail; issuing and cashing foreign anddomestic postal money orders; accepting and responding to customer claims and inquiries, and providing information to thepublic regarding postal regulations.2. Provides sales and customer service support by greeting customers and explaining store layout; determining specialinterests and referring to sales and promotional programs; offers assistance in product selection; provides lobby assistancethat includes monitoring the retail line, directing customers to the self-service kiosk (SSK) (where applicable), and/or usingMobile Point of Service (mPOS) to complete transactions (where applicable).3. Provides product and service information to customers, including informing customers regarding special offers; suggestiveselling related merchandise; promoting products based on customer needs. Provides additional information regardingproduct features and services.4. Handles and processes customer purchases and returns relating to products and services and may use a point of salesystem. Assists customers with transactions.5. Maintains appearance of retail lobby by setting up, arranging, and replenishing displays and merchandise racks; ensuresdisplay and selling areas, work stations, and storage areas are presentable to customers. Performs routine maintenance onSSKs and mPOS, including trouble shooting.6. Conducts product inventories by counting items on hand; attaches and removes security devices; accounts for items ondisplay; and verifies and records sales floor inventory and shrinkage. Brings inventory discrepancies and shrinkage reports tothe attention of the appropriate supervisory presence.7. May verify presort and bulk mailings of all classifications computing and maintaining on a current basis mailers' creditbalances.8. Checks and sets post office postage meters.9. Rents post office boxes, receives rental payments, conducts reference checks, and completes related forms.10. May assign and clear accountable items and distribute mail as required.11. Distributes primary and one or more secondary schemes of incoming mail by delivery point based on a knowledge of thedistribution scheme established for the office, branch or station.12. Distributes primary and one or more secondary schemes of outgoing mail for dispatch based onknowledge of currentdistribution schemes.13. May perform passport duties as assigned, including verification of identification and photograph, administering oath,reviewing application for completeness, affixing stamp or seal on application and ensuring all documents are stored securelyand mailed promptly.14. May perform additional duties such as: maintain records of mails; face and cancel mail; make emergency carrier relays;label and tie out mail for dispatch and other related duties for distribution.PSE SSDAs perform a variety of clerical duties in mail processing and retail/customer services to support day to dayoperations.Duties are physically demanding requiring moderate to heavy lifting, carrying, prolonged standing, walking and reaching.PSEs may be required to handle heavy sacks of mail/parcels, sort & distribute incoming/outgoing mail, and work at a servicewindow selling postal products & services to customers. Applicants must be able to perform the duties of the position with orwithout accommodation.SUPERVISIONSupervisor of unit to which assigned.The United States Postal Service has the following excellent and challenging employment opportunity for highly motivatedand innovative individuals. Successful candidates must demonstrate through a combination of education, training, andexperience the following requirements:Requirements1. BARGAINING UNIT QUALIFICATION STANDARD2395_0017 (2395-0017)PSE SALES & SERV/DISTR ASSOCDOCUMENT DATE: September 28, 2019FUNCTION:Performs distribution and a variety of tasks to support sales of products and services. Maintains professional and effectivepublic relations with customers and others requiring familiarity with postal laws, regulations, and current procedures.DESCRIPTION OF WORK:See the Standard Position Description for the Occupation Code given above.REQUIREMENTS:421 SALES AND SERVICES (V3.9) - Essential Scale: Yes/No_Qualification Proficiency: Yes Computer Based ExamKNOWLEDGE, SKILL, AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:This section is composed of Knowledge, Skills, Abilities (KSAs) that are required to satisfactorily perform the tasks of theposition. Individuals must demonstrate that they possess a sufficient level of each KSA, to include at least minimumcompetency for senior-qualified positions to enable them to perform these tasks satisfactorily. Successful completion of theapplicable testing procedure(s) is sufficient to demonstrate at least minimum competency to perform these taskssatisfactorily. In certain circumstances, applicants demonstrate these levels by describing examples of experience,education, or training, any of which may be non-postal. Failure to demonstrate any KSA is disqualifying.1. Ability to work and deal with people sufficient to work cooperatively and interact positively with customers, co-workers, aswell as responding appropriately to changing conditions or unique customer or coworker situations. 2. Ability to communicateorally refers to expressing spoken ideas or facts clearly and logically when answering questions, giving instructions, andproviding information. 3. Ability to perform basic mathematical computations refers to performing basic calculations such asaddition, subtraction, multiplication, and division with whole numbers, fractions and decimals. 4. Ability to work independentlyrefers to following either spoken or written instructions or directions, multitasking and organizing time effectively to performwork assignments, either with or without direct supervision. 5. Ability to reference, comprehend and use information refers togathering information from both oral and written sources, retaining it for future use, providing it in response to request (e.g.,on forms, and using it to identify the appropriate course of action to resolve a situation based upon postal laws, regulations,and current procedures. 6. Demonstrating conscientiousness and initiative refers to taking care in performing workassignments and working toward task completion. 7. Ability to safely perform the duties common to the position.EXAMINATION REQUIREMENTS:Applicants must successfully complete the Virtual Entry Assessment CS (477)TRAINING/EXAMINATION REQUIREMENTS:Individuals who qualify and are selected under this standard will be required to complete prescribed training satisfactorily todemonstrate possession, through testing and/or practical demonstration, each of the knowledge, skills and abilities coveredat the level required by the job. Failure to demonstrate any KSA is disqualifying. The following KSAs are covered by thisprescribed training:1. Ability to sell products and services includes providing timely and courteous customer service, persuasive selling tocustomer needs, providing product information, creating/maintaining an aesthetically pleasing retail environment andcompleting sales transactions. 2. Ability to interact with a variety of customers to gather information, evaluate service needsand respond appropriately to unique customer situations. 3. Ability to identify and analyze problems by gathering informationfrom both oral and written sources and developing an appropriate course of action to resolve the situation. 4. Ability toexercise courtesy and self-control in providing appropriate customer service to accomplish established goals of the functionalarea. 5. Ability to use technology-based business equipment, such as calculation equipment or computers sufficient toprocess customer transactions, input data, and produce numeric and written reports. 6. Knowledge of financial proceduressuch as the terminology, materials, techniques, and procedures used in maintaining accurate records of disbursements,receipts and other financial information and loss prevention. 7. Knowledge of postal products and services includingappropriate Postal regulations regarding mail service (e.g., domestic and international mail requirements, classes of mail).PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:Individual must be physically able to perform efficiently the duties of the position.ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS:This position involves a deferment period during which the PSE must successfully complete the prescribed training.Sales, Services and Distribution Associates must work an assigned tour and days of work. Sales and Services Associatesmust follow Postal Service policies and procedures for personal conduct at work, including adhering to rules and regulations.Sales, Services and Distribution Associates are required to provide service to the public. They must maintain a neat andprofessional appearance in such interactions, including wearing a uniform and name tag when required.Qualified applicants must successfully pass a pre-employment drug screening to meet the U.S. Postal Service's requirementto be drug free. Applicants must also be a U.S. citizen or have permanent resident alien status.IMPORTANT INFORMATION:Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m., Central Time, of the posting's closing date. Applicants claiming veterans'preference must attach a copy of member copy 4 (only) of Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form214) or other proof of eligibility if claiming 10-point veterans' preference. The United States Postal Service (USPS) is anequal opportunity employer. The USPS provides reasonable accommodation for any part of the application, interview, and/orselection process, please make your request to the examiner, selecting official or local manager of Human Resources. Thisrequest can also be made by someone on your behalf. Explain the nature of your limitations and the accommodationneeded. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.SPECIAL NOTE: Current career Postal Service employees are ineligible to apply to this posting.Apply for this Job More jobs in South Dakota Return to JobaticSimilar Jobs in South DakotaCourtesy PatrolSioux Falls, South Dakota, 57106POSTMASTER RELIEF (RMPO)Wakpala, South Dakota, 57658General LaborNorth Sioux City, South Dakota, 57049Warehouse WorkerElk Point, South Dakota, 57025Assistant ManagerAberdeen, South Dakota, 57401Fixed Wireless Network ManagerSioux Falls, South Dakota, 57107DispatchBrandon, South Dakota, 57005Arts Coordinator -Boys & Girls ClubSioux Falls, South DakotaPSE SALES & SVCS/DISTRIBUTION ASSOCIATENorris, South Dakota, 57560Material Handler ISioux Falls, South DakotaPOSTMASTER RELIEF (RMPO)Volin, South Dakota, 57072Paint Cleaner-EveningsYankton, South Dakota, 57078Stay connectedContact us Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YoutubeJobs toolsFind Local Jobs Get Salary estimation Post jobs for free CV generatorBrowseAll Jobs All Salaries All Cities All States All CompaniesFind Jobs In other countries United States Canada Mexico United Kingdom France Spain ItalyFollow us onTerms Disclamer Privacy policy Cookies FAQ AboutCopyright © 2021 All rights reserved."
