"3. Trajectory of Land Reform in Post-Colonial African States | Institute for Pan African Thought and ConversationAboutAboutThe TeamOutreachVision and MissionEventsNews and MediaResearchNew Africa/EU MigrationTeachingCareersContact UsAboutAboutThe TeamOutreachVision and MissionEventsNews and MediaResearchNew Africa/EU MigrationTeachingCareersContact UsBooks by IPATC Staff3. Trajectory of Land Reform in Post-Colonial African StatesEditors: Dr Adeoye O. Akinola and Prof Henry WissinkIntroduction, Front, Matter and Conclusion – download summary hereThis book is an examination of post-colonial land reforms across various African states. One of the decisive contradictions of colonialism in Africa was the distortion of use, access to and ownership of land. Land related issues and the need for land reform have consistently occupied a unique position in public discourse in Africa. The post-colonial African states have had to embark on concerted efforts at redressing historical grounded land policies and addressing the growing needs of land by the poor. However, agitations for land continue, while evidence of policy gaps abound. In many cases, policy change in terms of land use, distribution and ownership has reinforced inequalities and affected power and social relations in respective post-colonial African countries. Land has assumed major causes of structural violence and impediments to human and rural development in Africa; hence the need for holistic assessment of land reforms in post-colonial African states. The central objective of the text is to identify post-independence and current trends in land reform and to address the grievances in relation to land use, ownership and distribution. The book suggests practicable policy options towards addressing the land hunger and conflict, which could derail the ‘moderate’ socio-economic achievements and political stability recorded by post-colonial African nation-states. The book draws its strength and uniqueness from its adoption of country-specific case studies, which places the book in context, and utilizes field studies methodology which generate new knowledge on the continental land question. Taking a holistic approach to understanding Africa’s land question, this book will be attractive to academicians and students interested in policy and development, African politics, post-colonial development and policy, and conflict studies as well as policy-makers working in relevant areas.3. Trajectory of Land Reform in Post-Colonial African States2020-05-112020-10-15https://ipatc.joburg/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/logo.pngInstitute for Pan African Thought and Conversationhttps://ipatc.joburg/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/artboard-1-3.png200px200pxAboutAboutThe TeamOutreachVision and MissionEventsNews and MediaResearchNew Africa/EU MigrationTeachingCareersContact UsJoin the communityFollow us to stay up to date with all the latest news and events.Ms. Thandeka Nomvele	Ms. Thandeka Nomvele is an Administrative Assistant at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation. She completed her Undergraduate Degree in Political Studies and an Honours Degree in Politics and International Relations, both from the University of Johannesburg (UJ). She previously worked as a Student Assistant with the Institute.×Terri Maggott	Terri Maggott is a Research Coordinator at The Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation (IPATC). She holds a Master’s Degree in Anthropology and Development Studies from the University of Johannesburg (UJ). Ms. Maggott is a former student activist, and her research and political interests include issues related to community organising, gender, protest, and a post-capitalist future.×Dr Stella C. Sabi	Dr Stella C. Sabi is a Senior Researcher at The Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation (IPATC). She obtained her doctorate in Food Security and a Master’s degree in Policy and Development studies, both from the University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) in South Africa. She was a Post-Doctoral Fellow at the University of Zululand. Dr. Sabi has authored scientific and social science journal articles in accredited journals. Her research interests include social justice, civil society, public governance, and food and nutrition challenges in Africa.×Mr. Stephen Mashatola	Mr. Stephen Mashatola is a Research Coordinator at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation (IPATC). He holds a Postgraduate Diploma in Advanced Social Research and a Master’s degree in Social Impact Assessment and Public Participation, both from the University of Johannesburg (UJ) in South Africa. Mr. Mashatola has diverse experience in media and library administration, and in the media newsroom and on its commercial side. He worked for the Times Media Group in Johannesburg for 12 years. He also has experience in media advocacy in the non-profit sector. His areas of research include Social Capital and Retrenchment.×Dr. Adeoye O. Akinola	Dr. Adeoye O. Akinola is a Senior Researcher at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation (IPATC). He obtained a doctorate in Political Science from the University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) in South Africa. He was a Lecturer at Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU) in Nigeria; a Post-Doctoral Fellow at UKZN and the University of Zululand; and a Visiting Professor at the United Nations University for Peace (UPEACE) in Addis Ababa. He is the author of the book, Globalization, Democracy and Oil Sector Reform in Nigeria; co-author of Boko Haram’s Terrorism and the Nigerian State; and editor and co-editor respectively of The Political Economy of Xenophobia in Africa, and The Trajectory of Land Reform in Post-Colonial African States. Dr. Akinola has published about 40 articles in accredited journals. He specializes in globalization, African political economy, development studies, resource governance, conflict and peace studies.×Mr. Berneth Koopman	Mr. Berneth Koopman is an Administrative Assistant at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation. He previously worked at the UJ Division for Internationalisation where he was the Administrator for Study Abroad. He also worked at TransAfrica Radio in South Africa as the Account Executive.×Ms. Phumzile Ntuli	Ms. Phumzile Ntuli is an Administrative Assistant at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation. She previously worked as an Administrative Assistant in various departments at the universities of Johannesburg and the Witwatersrand between 2002 and 2017. She completed her National Diploma in Office Management and Technology at the Tehcnikon Witwatersrand (now University of Johannesburg). She received Best Student of the Year awards in her class in 2000 and 2002.×Ms Tsitsidzashe Bvute	Ms Tsitsidzashe Bvute is a Master’s Student in Religion Studies at the University of Johannesburg. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Religious Studies, Classics, and Philosophy from the University of Zimbabwe, and a Special Honours degree in Religious Studies from the University of Zimbabwe. Her research interests include Religion, Migration, Political Economy, and Gender.×Ms Zoliswa NtsokoMs Zoliswa Ntsoko (South Africa) is the Institute’s Administrative Assistant who assists with general administration and research. She is a seasoned professional with a background in Disaster Management. She holds an Advanced Diploma in Management from Milpark Business School, and a Post Graduate Diploma in Public Management from Regenesys Business School. She also holds certificates in Project Management, and in Disaster Management. Previously, she has worked as a Disaster Management Specialist at the City of Johannesburg – Disaster Management Centre.×Ms Cecilia Lwiindi Nedziwe-Moyo	Ms Cecilia Lwiindi Nedziwe-Moyo is the Research Coordinator at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation. She previously served as a Regional Coordinator at the Centre for Peace Initiatives in Africa (CPIA) in Zimbabwe between 2007 and 2013. She completed her master’s degree in International Studies, Peace, and Conflict Resolution at the University of Queensland in Australia as a Rotary Peace Scholar. She has just completed her doctoral studies at Rhodes University. Her areas of interest include: gender, foreign policy, regional organisations and conflict resolution.×Mr. Mark Nhluvuko	Mr Nhluvuko Mark Nkonwana is a MA in Development Studies candidate at the University of Johannesburg. He holds a BA degree in Sports Development (2015) and a BA honours in Development Studies (2016), both obtained from the University of Johannesburg. His research interests include; Water Governance, Political Ecology, Human Rights, Rural Development, Political Economy, and Sport for Development.×Ms Gcinwemseni Hope Hadebe	Ms Gcinwemseni Hope Hadebe is the Institute’s Administrative Assistant with a wealth of experience in personal assistance, office administration, and management. She previously worked at Community Medical Scheme as an Executive Personal Assistant and Office Manager for eight years. She has a national diploma in Language Practice, as well as a Certificate in Office Administration.×Mr Zenzo Moyo	Mr Zenzo Moyo is a Research Administrator at the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation. He is an educationist with 15 years of work experience in this sector. He holds a Master’s degree in Development Studies from the University of Johannesburg. In 2014, he was awarded a Global Excellence and Stature (GES)scholarship by the University of Johannesburg to undertake a PhD in Development Studies, which he has just completed. His areas of research interest include: African Politics; Civil Society; Education; and Participatory Development.×Prof Adekeye Adebajo	Professor Adekeye Adebajo is the Director of the Institute for Pan-African Thought and Conversation at the University of Johannesburg. He served on United Nations missions in South Africa, Western Sahara, and Iraq, and is the author of six books including The Curse of Berlin: Africa After the Cold War; Thabo Mbeki: Africa’s Philosopher-King; and The Eagle and the Springbok: Essays on Nigeria and South Africa. He is co-editor or editor of nine books. He obtained his doctorate from Oxford University in England where he studied as a Rhodes Scholar.×Prof David Moore	David Moore is a Professor of Development Studies. He headed the University of Johannesburg’s Department of Anthropology and Development Studies for six of his nearly 10 years there. At present, he is spending his sabbatical as a Visiting Researcher at IPATC, where he is working on a book, tentatively entitled: From Comrades to Coups: Robert Mugabe, ZANU-PF, and their Zimbabwe. His PhD on the contradictions of constructing hegemony in Zimbabwe (1956-1980) is from York University in Toronto. He has continued his scholarly interest on Zimbabwe since 1984, when he began his doctoral fieldwork. David has edited and co-edited three books ranging from Zimbabwean Political history, and current affairs to development discourse and theory, as well as publishing over sixty academic articles, chapters, and popularly-oriented works.×RSVP for this event	[ninja_form id=”2″]XMs Thembeka Somtseu	Ms Thembeka Somtseu is a seasoned professional with a background in the textile and construction sectors. She holds a National Diploma in Business Administration from the Durban University of Technology, and studied Development Communication and Media Studies at the University of the Witwatersrand. She worked as a corporate communications specialist for more than ten years, serving in both local and multinational companies.×"
