"Job Details: Director of Clinical Operations - Department of Medicine Division ofLoginCivil Service PositionsHelpFIND JOBSAll JobsChicago CampusDSCCJohn Marshall Law SchoolPeoriaRockfordUI HealthUI Health NursingSearch JobsJob DetailsTitle:Director of Clinical Operations - Department of Medicine Division of (Job ID #134359)Department:Department of Medicine/Division of Breathe Chicago CenterCategory:Academic ProfessionalLocation:ChicagoClose Date:08/13/2020Description:The Department of Medicine, Division of Breathe Chicago Center has a need for a Director of Clinical Operations to manage clinical research operations and clinical research staff and ensure effective oversight and coordination of clinical research. Additional responsibilities include oversight of the day-to-day operations, financial performance, regulatory compliance, strategic development, site management and monitoring of clinical and translational research operations.Duties:? Review and assess research protocols; Determine long and short-term resource (personnel,materials, space, etc.) requirements for clinical and translational research projects to ensure efficientuse of resources. Prepare budgetary forecasts for functional group expenses (operating and capital).? Monitor progress of all clinical research projects/trials on an ongoing basis relative to establishedtimelines and key milestones. Ensure that delays are identified and communicated to PIs andfunctional group staff. Participate in and facilitate efforts to implement appropriate interventionsacross functional groups in order to meet timelines.? Identify operational problems, issues, obstacles, and barriers across all projects based on input fromresearch staff, PIs, and sponsors; communicate patterns and trends; and participate in and supportefforts to develop and implement process/system improvements.? Serve as point of contact for Principal Investigators, research coordinators, and auditors to answerquestions, resolve problems, advise, and prepare/negotiate agreements.? Monitor expenditure of funds relative to budgetary targets for all clinical research on an ongoingbasis. Ensure that variances are identified and communicated to appropriate personnel. Facilitateefforts to implement appropriate interventions.? Develop and implement orientation programs for new research staff as well as ongoing training,continuing education, and professional development.? Work with PIs to identify research staff, space and material resources required for each clinicalresearch project and across all projects to ensure appropriate assignment/availability of researchstaff.? Prepare and deliver presentations at internal and external meetings on behalf of the PopulationHealth Sciences Program and Principal Investigator.? Perform other related duties and participate in special projects as assigned.? Plan, assign and review work of staff to ensure that group objectives are met. Assist in hiring,training, developing and managing staff to ensure that a qualified staff exists to meet groupobjectives.Qualifications:Master’s Degree in Nursing and current Illinois nursing licensure required. Advanced nursing degreewith a strong emphasis in research is preferred.Minimum of six years experience in nursing practice with at least 3 of those years in a clinical research setting.Advanced knowledge of scientific and research concepts and regulations is required.Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills.Back to Job BoardThe University of Illinois at Chicago is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.Offers of employment by the University of Illinois may be subject to approval by the University’s Board of Trustees and are made contingent upon the candidate’s successful completion of any criminal background checks and other pre-employment assessments that may be required for the position being offered. Additional information regarding such pre-employment checks and assessments may be provided as applicable during the hiring process.The University of Illinois System requires candidates selected for hire to disclose any documented finding of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment and to authorize inquiries to current and former employers regarding findings of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment. For more information, visit https://www.hr.uillinois.edu/cms/One.aspx?portalId=4292&pageId=1411899SupportEmployment Notices - view Federal and State notices related to employment at the University of Illinois.Notice of Availability of the UIC Annual Security and Fire Safety ReportCopyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement"
