"Executive Assistant, Office of the CISO Job | San Manuel Casino, Highland, CA | Hospitality OnlineToggle navigationLogin or JoinAbout Us Post a job Employer LoginJobs by categoryAdministrative Catering/Banquet Chefs/Kitchen Development/Construction Engineering/Maintenance Executive/Corporate Finance/Accounting Food & Beverage Food Service Gaming/Casino General Manager Guest Services Health Care Housekeeping Human Resources Internships Meetings/Events Operations Recreation/Entertainment Revenue Management Rooms Division Sales & Marketing Security Spa Technology/IT Transportation CorporateJobs by stateAlabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin WyomingPopular jobsRecently posted jobs Jobs by Hotel Brand Los Angeles Hotel Jobs NYC Hotel Jobs Dallas/Fort Worth Hotel Jobs Houston Hotel Jobs Chicago Hotel Jobs Miami Hotel Jobs Front Desk Job Openings Housekeeping Job Openings Timeshare Sales JobsSearch 7,142 current hospitality jobswhat whereExecutive Assistant, Office of the CISOPosted January 7, 2021San Manuel CasinoHighland, CAApplyEmail Facebook Tweet LinkedInSan Manuel CasinoAbout This JobDescriptionThe Information Security (IS) department for the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (the Tribe) provides and supports a leading edge technology infrastructure to the organization in support of ever changing technological advances in the Gaming industry and the Tribe?s business enterprises. The ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is key to the success of the IS staff to meet the demands of this technically proficient and high demand department.The Executive Assistant, Office of the CISO, provides administrative and professional support to the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). The position enhances the CISO?s effectiveness through the execution of a variety of moderately complex administrative and secretarial duties requiring sensitivity, initiative and independent judgment. The Executive Administrative Assistant is also responsible for performing a wide range of office support activities for the Information Security Department Leaders to facilitate the efficient operation of the department. Projecting a professional image through in-person and phone interaction, the Executive Administrative Assistant job duties includes general clerical, reception and project-based work. Must also maintain a strict level of confidentiality and act in a manner consistent with all legal and regulatory requirements and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The Executive Assistant also collaborates, initiates, and supports opportunities with other functions by championing the goals and priorities of the Tribe in a manner that faithfully reflects and upholds the Tribes vision, mission and values.Essential Duties & Responsibilities1. Manages the CISO?s and information security departments calendar, scheduling appointments as appropriate, organizing programs, coordinating participation in events and/or conferences, arranging for facilities and catering, and distributing and tracking information and/or invitations.2. Prepares and processes business forms and documents such as check requests, memorandums, travel requests, requisitions, contracts, purchase orders, work orders, asset acquisition forms, expense reports, etc.3. Designs, develops, and maintains various special projects required in the Office, including PowerPoint presentations, Excel spreadsheets requiring data interpretation and manipulation, and assembling binders of documents.4. Interacts with all levels within the organization, including the CEO, Business Committee, General Managers, senior executives and department heads, Tribal Citizens, and professional and support staff as needed.5. Arranges and assists in planning meetings; prepares summaries of meetings and conferences as needed or directed.6. Screens incoming calls and correspondence for the CISO and Directors offices; takes messages, redirects calls or provides information as appropriate.7. Acts as liaison for any visitors to the CISO office, contacts the party they need and escorts them to their location.8. Revisits and delivers pertinent pending information with management on tasks, projects, or requests.9. Maintains associates? confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.10. Performs other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.RequirementsEducation/Experience/QualificationsAssociates degree in Business Administration required. Bachelors degree in Business Administration preferred.Minimum of five (5) years of progressive administrative support experience having supported Director-level or C-Suite Executives preferably in a Legal or IT environment is required.Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.Ability to establish a high level of trust and credibility in the organization.Proven ability to exercise good judgment and discretion, analyzing and resolving confidential, difficult and sensitive situations with grace, diplomacy and tact.Proactive and resourceful; Ability to work autonomously.Polished and professional demeanor in person, online and via phone with exceptional verbal and written communication skills, including strong spelling and grammatical skills.Highly organized with strong strategic prioritization, planning and time management skills including ability to react with appropriate levels of urgency to situations and events that require quick response or turnaround is essential.Strong computer skills with a proven mastery of the Microsoft Office Suite is required. (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio)Must be adaptable to the varied schedule and changing priorities of the CISOs office.Certificates/Licenses/RegistrationsAt the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!Additional InformationAll applicants must be able to demonstrate their US work authorization during the employment verification process.ApplyEmail Facebook Tweet LinkedInAbout this EmployerSan Manuel Casino777 San Manuel BoulevardHighland, CA 923461-800-359-2464429 Room Casinowww.sanmanuel.comFollow us:Twitter FacebookAbout the companySan Manuel Casino is located in Highlands, CA, just 60 minutes from downtown Los Angeles, and a short drive from LA-Ontario International Airport. The gaming facility is operated by the San Manuel Entertainment Authority, an economic instrumentality of the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians. The casino floor contains over 4,800 of the latest and most innovative slot machines in a state-of-the-art facility. It features over 130 Vegas-style poker and blackjack tables, an exclusive high-limit room, and a designated Poker room.Food & Beverage venues include Big Mo’ Cafe, Tutu's Food Court with fast-food options around the clock, Rock & Brews with a wide selection of craft burgers and craft beer from around the world, as well as legendary comedian George Lopez's Chingon Kitchen, which provides an authentic Mexican dining experience. Guests can dance the night away with DJ's at Bar Bar Bar, listen to Rock'n Roll tribute bands on stage at Rock & Brews, or enjoy Latin music at George Lopez's Chingon Tequila Lounge.Indian gaming in California is an exciting, thriving industry. Whether working on the casino floor or providing support to gaming operations as a “behind the scenes” employee, you can contribute to a dynamic and challenging business and have opportunities to learn and grow with the gaming industry. At San Manuel, our team members define us. Working at San Manuel is more than just a job. It is a career that will help you grow into the successful professional you want to be. Apply today to join our team!Job Seekers: Sign Up Log In Browse Jobs Browse EmployersEmployers: Sign Up Log InCopyright © 1998-2021 Hospitality Online, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact Us"
