"A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: NoticeMessage: Undefined index: contentFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 328A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445A PHP Error was encounteredSeverity: WarningMessage: Division by zeroFilename: controllers/statistics.phpLine Number: 445AeroSearcherToggle navigationSearch TypeAircraftJobsParts & ProductsGeneral AviationAbout AeroSearcherOur storyAircraft Search TutorialJob Search TutorialParts and Products Search TutorialContact UsMy Account> My Profile > My SearchesLoginSign upWhere Aviation Searches StartAvionics Garmin job listings, job statistics and market data along with geographic breakdown.There are currently 1 Avionics Garmin jobs listed across our entire aviation job search index.Avionics Garmin job listings.0% of jobs are listed in North America, 0% in South America, 0% in Europe, and 0% in Asia, and 0 in Africa and 0% in Oceania.Avionics Garmin count historyRelated words, phrases and search terms associated with Avionics Garmin:AeroSearcher is the finger on the pulse of aviation with powerful search of aircraft for sale, jobs, parts, products and more.Read Full StoryThe most powerful aviation search engine in the world. Purchasing an aircraft? Looking for an aviation job? Shopping for products for flyers? Trying to find that part for your plane? This is the place to start.Quick LinksSearch Aircraft for SaleSearch Aviation JobsSearch Aviation Parts and ProductsGeneral Aviation SearchAircraft Make and Model Market DataAviation Jobs - Listings, Statistics and DataBlog PostsAviation in the Last 100 YearsOn the Horizon: Pilots Are Hot Again7 Steps to Aircraft OwnershipConnect with UsContact UsFacebookTwitterInstagramYoutubeInformation×OkCreate A free aerosearcher account and:Be the first to be notified when an aircraft matching your criteria is put up for saleBe the first to be notified when a new aviation job posting matches your critieraBe the first to know when new features go live on aerosearcherJOIN NOWNO THANKSPrivacy notice: AeroSearcher uses cookies to track user behavior and gather user demographics. To review our privacy policy you should click here.To close this window click here acknowledging that you understand: I Understand.Accept Our Privacy Policy to ContinueAEROSEARCHER, LLC PRIVACY POLICYBelow you will find the privacy policy for Aerosearcher.com (“Aerosearcher” or the “Website”), which applies to any information or collected through this Website and/or any Aerosearcher application, including any Aerosearcher mobile or tablet application or any application that may appear on a social media or other website (each considered and/or referred to as an “App”) each of which are being provided by Aerosearcher, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, within the USA (referenced throughout as “Aerosearcher”, “we” or “us”).GENERAL INTRODUCTORY INFORMATIONWe respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this policy statement. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Website and governs data collection and usage, including any monetization, of such data. By using the Website you consent to the data practices described in this statement. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our website or provide us with your personal information.COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn General. Aerosearcher receives and stores any information that you provide to us by entering it on our website or given to us in any other way, which may include through the use of an App. This includes information that can specifically identify you (“personal information”) which may include your name (first and last), phone number, mailing address, email address and, if and where applicable, billing information (which might include such things like a credit card number, cardholder name and expiration date). We may also request information relating to your personal preferences relating to the aviation industry and be able to track your search habits on the Website. You can choose not to provide information to us, but in general most of the information that we request from you is necessary in order for you to use our services, e.g., register for a user account, participate in any surveys, contests or sweepstakes, make comments on our website or App, ask us questions or initiate any transactions on our website or through any App. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Aerosearcher’s public message boards, where applicable, this information may be collected and used by others and we cannot control that data. Similarly, Aerosearcher encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the Website or App so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Aerosearcher is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Website. Clicking on any third-party link is done at your own risk.Information from Additional Sources. We may periodically lawfully obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities, business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information. For example, we could obtain information relating to updating address information, purchase history, and demographic information. We may also obtain information automatically from your computer when you visit the Website. This type of information typically includes what sort of hardware you are using to access the Website or App, your IP address, web browser software (such as Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer or Safari) and what the referring website was. We may also choose to collect information about your online activity such as what things you view on our website or otherwise link to from our website. We aren’t trying to collect this information to be creepy. We simply want to learn how our users interact with the internet and our website so that we may better improve and customize your user experience and help prevent things like fraud. For more information you will want to be sure to review the “Cookies/Technologies” section herein.Social Media Platforms. If Aerosearcher elects to establish, and if you so choose to use any of the Aeorsearcher social media features, either on the Website, through an App or otherwise though a social media provider, we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with their policies. Social media that you use, like Facebook or Twitter for example, may hold personal information about you within their database. If there is a feature through the social media platform that allows you to connect and/or otherwise register with our Website through your social media account, we may access information such as your name, published profile image, gender, birthday or age, email address for such account, town or district in which you have listed and any other information you have chosen to make available through that platform. All of this may be transferred to our system without you having to enter such information manually on our site. Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends, we may also access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective location (“location data”) to provide you with more relevant content. Please understand that your location data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider. We may also access information from social media providers about your use of an App that we run on their website. If you are uncomfortable with this, please review and regulate your social media privacy settings and/or do not connect to our Website or App through a social media platform.USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn General. Aerosearcher collects and uses your personal information to provide you with products and services that you request, to manage your account, to communicate with you in general, to respond to any questions or comments that you might have, to measure interest in and improve our products and services, website and Apps, to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you, to customize your experience with the Website or our Apps, to reward you as part of any reward or recognition program you choose to join to the extent any are available to you, to solicit information from you, including through surveys, to resolve disputes, collect fees and troubleshoot problems, to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, to enforce our Terms of Service, and as otherwise might be described to you at the point of data collection. If we have sensitive billing information (such as a cardholder name, credit card number, and expiration date) we will use that information for the purposes of completing any particular transaction you make on our website or through an App.Communications/Email. Aerosearcher may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Aerosearcher or any of its affiliates/external business partners. Aerosearcher may also contact you via email or through other modes of communication with surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Where legally required, we will abide by all existing publicly available opt-out lists when sending you marketing communications. Further, you will have the opportunity to choose to not receive these email messages in any such email we send. For more information please review the section on “Choices for Data Use and Collection.”SHARING YOUR DATA WITH THIRD-PARTIESAerosearcher may share your personal information with the following categories of entities: Referring Websites. If you were referred to the Website or App from another website or App (e.g., if you clicked on a link that brought you to our Website or App) we may share some information about you with that referring website. Again, we do not control the privacy practices or any website that referred you to our Website.Corporate Family Companies. To the extent Aerosearcher is ever connected to another affiliated company, we may share your personal information with such affiliated company (or companies) within the “family.” This sharing will enable us to provide you, if you have so consented, with information about products and services, both aviation-related and other, which we believe may be of interest to you. To the extent that any of these affiliated family companies have access to your information, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy policy. They will also comply with any and all applicable laws that may govern the transmission of promotional communications and, at a minimum, give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose to not receive such messages in the future.Business Partners. We may jointly offer products or services through a business partner or otherwise offer products and services of a business partner on the Website or through our Apps. You will be able to tell when a third party is involved in a product or service because their name will appear, either alone or with us. If you choose to access these optional products or services, we may share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners. We do not control the privacy practices of any such third-party business partner.Third-Party Vendors. Aerosearcher may engage third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including credit card processing, business analytics, customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including such information that is necessary to operate features of the Website or on our Apps or other otherwise facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform such functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose. They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to. At the same time, it is important to note that such third-party vendor service providers may be established in countries that might not offer a legal of protection for your personal information that is equivalent to the one offered in your own country of residence. We will, however, try to protect all personal information we collect in accordance with our data protection standards.Suppliers. Aerosearcher may connect with any multitude of aviation related suppliers such as classified ad sources, job postings, parts and services providers, or any other product or service provider that you may find through the Website. These third-party suppliers are described as such and you are encouraged to review the privacy policy of any supplier whose products or services you purchase through our Website and/or their website or any App. These suppliers may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you, facilitate your order, answer your question or comments, or respond to a review that you may submit. While we may share anonymous reviews with any of our supplies, if and where available, we will not share reviewer names or contact information unless you have told us that we may. This does not, however preclude us from legal mechanisms such as an order to comply with a valid subpoena, etc. nor will be we held liable for any supplier figuring out who you are on their own based upon the information provided nor for complying with a subpoena for information.Social Media Platform Providers. If and where available, if you access an Aerosearcher social media feature through the Website or App, you are sharing information with the social media provider (such as Facebook or Twitter) and the information that you share will be governed by their privacy policies (including that we may access such information via the social media provider). As discussed herein, you may be able to modify your privacy settings for these social media platforms and you are encouraged to review such social media platform privacy policies before connecting through them to our Website, App, or vice versa.Aerosearcher may also share your personal information, with or without prior notice, for the following reasons:Legal. As discussed herein, Aerosearcher is not immune to legal process. As such, your information may be shared in connection to a subpoena, court orders, or other legal processes, to establish or exercise any of our legal rights, to defend against any legal claims, or as otherwise required by law. Should any of these matters arise, we reserve the legal right to raise or waive any objection or right available to us. Similarly, to the extent there is ever an event such as a particular corporate transaction like a merger, consolidation, asset sale or even bankruptcy, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as may be prudent.Police/Investigators/Government Agencies. If we believe it appropriate, in our sole discretion, to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to defend or otherwise protect the rights, property or safety of our company, the Website, or Apps or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service or any other agreements that may be in place, we may release your personal information. Similarly, if we believe that it is prudent to prevent or mitigate a serious and imminent threat to someone’s health (physical or mental) or life, we may release your personal information.Aerosearcher may also share non-identifying but aggregated information with any of the above and with the following:Advertisers or Investors. Aerosearcher may share anonymous or aggregate data with advertisers or investors, e.g., advertisers may want to know the number of visitors that come to the Website or use the App, or may have interest in the most popular links or categories on the Website or App. This kind of information does not typically contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services that we believe you may find beneficial. Other than what is set forth above, you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third-parties, and you will have the opportunity to choose not to have us share such information.DISCONNECTING YOUR AEROSEARCHER ACOUNT FROM THIRD-PARTY WEBSITESAs Aerosearcher evolves, and our products, services, and collaboration with other companies grow, you may be able to connect your Aerosearcher account to third party accounts. BY CONNECTING YOUR AEROSEARCHER ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD-PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THE THIS FEATURE.EXTERNAL LINKSMany features on our website operate by way of directing you to external links. To the extent that you connect to another site or App, those particular websites or apps do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you carefully examine the privacy statements posted on those external websites to understand what their procedures are for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information. If you do not agree with them, do not use those sites. Similarly, we cannot control what happens on those other websites. While we do our best to ensure that the links that we direct you to as part of your research on Aerosearcher are safe, we will not be held liable for any viruses, malware or other issues that may distributed from links on third-party sites.WHO HAS ACCESS TO THE INFORMATON WE COLLECT?The short answer is certain employees and contractors of Aerosearcher and limited third-parties as outlined herein that may be vendors or associates utilized by or connected to Aerosearcher in some way. This also specifically includes third-party vendors hired by Aerosearcher to assist with administration or maintenance of website systems and/or communications systems as they too may be provided with access to databases and storage that contain such information as deemed necessary by Aerosearcher.ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATIONYou can access and update your contact information by visiting the Website’s user account section. You may deactivate your user account by emailing support@aerosearcher.com with the with the Subject Box Titled “AEROSEARCHER – ACCOUNT DEACTIVATION REQUEST.” After you deactivate your account, you will not be able to sign in or otherwise access any of your personal information. You can, however, open a new account at any time if you wish.By providing your personal information to us through the Website or any App, including the data that may be collected through any social media platform that you connect to our Website or App or vice versa, you accept and agree that we may maintain all of your information that we collected. You further agree that we may continue to process account related information in order to fulfill our legitimate business objectives, to comply with legal and/or regulatory obligations, for historical records and analytical purposes. We will continue to utilize technical methods to prevent unauthorized access to account information.To the extent that you do not possess an account through the Website or you otherwise would like to contact us in relation to any personal information that would not be displayed due to having an account, you may ask us to access, delete or modify the information that we hold about you by emailing us at the email address listed below. You can also contact us to request an explanation as to how we process your information, and you may revoke the consent to the processing of your information provided when accepting this Privacy Policy by sending an email to the address listed below.CHOICES FOR DATA USE AND COLLECTIONAs discussed herein, you can choose not to provide us with any information, although it may be necessary for certain product and service features of the Website or on our Apps and use of our Website or App will obtain at least some limited data that is connected to your computer. You can add or update information and deactivate your account as described herein. This includes the opportunity to provide or remove a mobile number so that you may receive notifications relating to any products and services as may be applicable.If you register for a member account, you will be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages from us about special offers as well as email messages about products and services of selected third-parties. As a registered user, you can modify your notification subscription at any time via your user account dashboard. Even if you are not a registered user, you will still be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any email that we may send to you and instructions to unsubscribe will be provided in such message. Notwithstanding the foregoing we reserve the right to send you other communications, including service announcements and administrative messages relating to either your user account or to your transactions, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. This helps ensure you receive the important/material notifications.USE OF COOKIES/TECHNOLOGYAerosearcher and websites that you may link to through the website may use \"cookies\" and other technologies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, but don’t recognize you personally, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.The categories of capability that we collect include the following:Advertising;Security;Authentication;Site Features; andBehavioral Tracking.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Aerosearcher pages, or register with Aerosearcher site or services, a cookie helps Aerosearcher to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information. You may have seen this on other sites when entering in your billing address, shipping address, and so on. When you return to the same Website page, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Website features that you customized. We and some of our partners may also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of advertising on the Website and how visitors use our site.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Aerosearcher services or websites you visit. More specifically, if you choose to turn off the cookies in your browser settings, you will have the capability of utilizing the Website’s basic functions but you will not be able to log in to your user account.CONNECTING TO AEROSEARCHER THROUGH MOBILE AND TABLE APPSIf you connect to the website through a mobile phone or tablet app (“mobile app”) we will collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes that we do when you access the Website direct through a regular computer. Additionally, we may also use some other information that we collect automatically when you use a mobile app. For example:App Functionality. We may collect information about the mobile app functionality that you access and use for the purposes of helping us identify the areas that are of interests to most users and consider what areas we may need to improve. This kind of data does not specifically identify you.Device Identifier. We may collect information relating to the unique device identifier (a “UDI”) which is a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile device. When this data is collected it is done on the first opening of the mobile app so that we can be sure that our advertising network can log the number of downloads resulting from clicks on their respective ad banners and other similar marketing tools.Location. We may use information about your current location (if such location technologies are available and turned on) to provide you with information about products and services nearby. We do not collect location data unless you expressly have the location feature on. Location data can be turned off through the settings menu on your mobile device/tablet.Error Reporting. We want to know if there is an error or bug with the system so that we can promptly address the issues and release fixes and/or new versions. As such the mobile app will send to us error information in the event of a crash or it otherwise gets hung up. The reports about these errors that we will receive may include information relating to the mobile device type and version, the UID, the day and time that the error occurred, information about the feature that was being used and the state of the application at the time the error occurred. We will not be using this information for any other purpose beyond investigating and fixing the cause of such errors.As discussed herein, you have control over the data that is collected through the mobile device itself or by choosing not to use the mobile app and access our products and services through the Website via a computer.SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONUnfortunately, no website or app can guarantee security. Aerosearcher makes efforts to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information. Further, personal information is only accessed by authorized employees or third-party vendors and they are only allowed to do so to perform legitimate business functions.CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEENThe Website is a general audience site and our products and services are not directed to children under the age of 16. Our Terms of Service provide that a user must be at least 16 years of age in order to use the Website. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 where applicable) has provided any personal information to us without the parent or guardian’s consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 where applicable), please contact us by emailing support@aerosearcher.com with the Subject Box Titled “AEROSEARCHER – CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.”APPLICATION OF THIS POLICYOur Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Aerosearcher but excludes services that have a separate privacy policy without an incorporation of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals including products or sites that may be displayed to you in or on Aerosearcher or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information or other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies or other technologies to serve and offer relevant advertising.TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA FROM THE EU TO THE USAerosearcher is operated in the United States. Information that we collect is, to the best of our knowledge, controlled and processed in the United States. If you are visiting our website or using our Apps from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processing in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By providing us with your personal information or using our services or the Website, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and to those third-parties which whom we share it, as described in this Privacy Policy. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please rest assured that we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected.The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR. Any data that we are collecting and/or processing we deem to be done with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of Aerosearcher and/or to the public that we do not believe outweigh your rights and freedoms. Aerosearcher tries to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with Aerosearcher through the use of the Website, its’ mission, and the practices as described in the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy.DATA STORAGE AND RETENTIONYour personal data, and data provided by you about others, is stored by Aerosearcher on its servers and/or on the servers of third-party vendors that Aerosearcher engages, located in the United States. Aerosearcher retains the data permanently (although there is a possibility that some data maybe lost due to technological transitions or other accidental errors). This is due to Aerosearcher’s need to preserve historical evidence in the event of litigation, to provide historical data where relevant, including the consumer facing information, to provide information that is of legitimate interest to the public just as court records are and to promote free expression. If you do not consent to this permanent storage of such information, do not use Aerosearcher. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should you wish to deactivate your user account, you have such capability through your user account dashboard. If you wish to have any additional data deleted, you must contact Aerosearcher by emailing support@aerosearcher.com with the Subject Box Titled “AEROSEARCHER – DATA STORAGE AND RETENTION”.OPT-OUT & UNSUBSCRIBEWe respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Typically, such opt-out options are present on the communications sent to you by email themselves. Alternatively, users may opt-out of receiving any or all marketing communications from Aerosearcher by contacting us here:Web page: www.aerosearcher.comEmail: support@aerosearcher.com with the Subject Box Titled “AEROSEARCHER – OPT-OUT & UNSUBSCRIBE”CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENTAerosearcher may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Aerosearcher will maintain the most current version of this Statement on its website, however, because notifications of Statement changes will not be sent out, it is highly encouraged that you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Aerosearcher is protecting your information. You are charged with knowing what the most current terms of the Privacy Policy are and by continuing to use the site you agree to the same.CONTACT INFORMATIONAerosearcher welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Aerosearcher has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us by emailing us at support@aerosearcher.com. Effective as of 11/27/2018RejectI Understand"
