"Job Listings at DNV GLPlease Enable Cookies to ContinuePlease enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.Welcome page Welcome pageReturning Candidate?Log back in!Career Opportunity ListingsHere are our current open positions. Please click on the job title for more information and apply from that page if you are interested.We welcome those individuals who would like to register their profile and submit a resume/CV for general consideration.If you already have a profile, you can manage/update it via your profile dashboard.Recruitment Scams: It has come to our attention that various individuals or organizations have used our name to solicit advance fees and documentation from applicants in relation to non-existing jobs by sending out letters with what appears to be our company logo. DNV GL does not ask for money transfers or payments from applicants to secure a job, either as an employee or as a contractor, and will never ask for payments towards travel expenses, travel insurance or visas/work permits, etc. Learn more about the process of joining DNV GL.Use this form to do another job searchThe system cannot access your location for 1 of 2 reasons:Permission to access your location has been denied. Please reload the page and allow the browser to access your location information.Your location information has yet to be received. Please wait a moment then hit [Search] again.Start your job search hereCategory (All) Accounting, Finance & Controlling Administrative / Support Auditing Business Support Certification Consulting Customer Service Engineering Health, Safety & Environment Human Resources Information Technology/Software Development Legal Management Marketing Other Project Management Research Sales and Business Development Technical Support TestingPosted Date (All) Today Past 7 Days Past 14 Days Past 30 Days Past 60 Days Past 90 Days Past 6 Months Past YearBusiness Area (All) Inspection Services (IBU only) Maritime Oil & Gas Energy Business Assurance Global Shared Services Software Group Units Strategic Research and Innovation Digital Solutions AllLocation (All) Australia-New South Wales-North Sydney Australia-Victoria-Melbourne Australia-Western Australia-Perth Belgium-Antwerpen Brazil-Rio de Janeiro-Rio de Janeiro Brazil-São Paulo-São Paulo Canada-Alberta-Calgary Canada-British Columbia-Vancouver Canada-Ontario-Toronto Canada-Quebec-Montreal China-Shanghai China-Shenzhen Denmark-Hellerup Finland-Espoo France-Genas France-Marseille France-Paris Germany-Bonn Germany-Dresden Germany-Essen Germany-Hamburg Germany-Kaiser-Wilhelm-Koog Germany-Brandenburg-Schönefeld India-Ahmedabad India-Baroda India-Chennai India-Mumbai India-New Delhi India-Pune Ireland-Dublin 4 Italy-Bari Italy-Bologna Italy-Catania Italy-Imola Italy-Roma Italy-Vimercate Korea, South-Seoul Mexico-Mexico D.F. Mexico-Queretaro Mexico-México-Mexico City Morocco-Casablanca Netherlands-Arnhem Netherlands-Barendrecht Norway-Bergen Norway-Høvik Norway-Oslo Norway-Stavanger Norway-Trondheim Norway-Ålesund Oman-Muscat Poland-Gdynia Poland-Warszawa Portugal-Lisbon Saudi Arabia-Jeddah Singapore-Singapore South Africa-Cape Town South Africa-Durban Spain-Barcelona Spain-Madrid Sweden-Göteborg Sweden-Malmö Sweden-Solna United Kingdom-Bristol United Kingdom-Glasgow United Kingdom-London United States United States-Arizona-Phoenix United States-California-Oakland United States-California-San Diego United States-Florida-Sunrise United States-Illinois-Oak Brook United States-Indiana-Fort Wayne United States-Maine-Portland United States-Massachusetts-Medford United States-Michigan-Clark Lake United States-Michigan-Detroit United States-Michigan-Okemos United States-Nevada-Las Vegas United States-Nevada-Reno United States-New Jersey-Newark United States-New Mexico-Albuquerque United States-New York-Rochester United States-Ohio-Dublin United States-Ohio-Milford United States-Oregon-Portland United States-Pennsylvania-Chalfont United States-Pennsylvania-Mechanicsburg United States-Tennessee-Nashville United States-Texas-Austin United States-Texas-Dallas United States-Texas-Katy United States-Virginia-Arlington United States-Washington-SeattleOne additional field has been createdTwo additional fields have been createdOne field has been collapsedTwo fields have been collapsedClick column header to sortSearch Results Page 4 of 10Sort By Sort By... Requisition ID (Ascending) Requisition ID (Descending) Position Title (Ascending) Position Title (Descending) Business Area (Ascending) Business Area (Descending) Local Unit & Position Description (Ascending) Local Unit & Position Description (Descending)Job Locations SA-JeddahPosition Title Lead AuditorBusiness Assurance Middle East is responsible for the market in Middle East, mainly covering GCC countries. Our efforts to establish local in-country resources to improve cusotmer contacts and service delivery are the primary reason for this position. We have a customer base of 500+ in the unit with very strong market presence in KSA mainly in Oil & Gas, Chemicals and Petrochemicals segment. Dubai is the main office for the having the management and support functions. Opportunities are a lot and Business Assurance Middle East is gearing up for higher growth and improved control in this large geographical footprint. The position would be responsible to deliver audits / related trainings to our customers according to internation accreditation requirements. The person would be expected to reside in Eastern province in KSA with full ability to travel across KSA and other GCC countries occasionally. As Lead Auditor, below are key description of the position: - Perform Management System Certification audits and / or trainings as per internal accreditaiton requirements. DNVGL has ICPs (International Certification Procedures) governing all process requirements. - Ensure service delivery is maintained at high quality. - Manage customer relations related to audit performance, customer complaints and feedbacks. - Collaborate with various other lead auditors and support process owners to ensure that DNVGL services are delievred to customers as value added experience. - Complaince to DNVGL policies and procedures in internal work and services delivered. - Maintain high degree of independence and integrity in cusotmer relations.Requisition ID2020-14814Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations SG-SingaporePosition Title Senior Consultant/Research Fellow (Decarbonisation & Digitalisation) 3 year Contract positionMaritime Advisory Singapore is a growing consulting and Research & Innovation unit overseeing activities in Region South East Asia, Pacific and India. DNV GL ambition is to be a data-smart solutions organisation providing management and technical advisory services within the maritime industry. Our key stakeholders include charterers and cargo owners, asset owners for ships and mobile offshore units, maritime authorities/governmental entities and defence, shipyards, banks/investment/leasing companies with interest on maritime assets and infrastructure, LNG suppliers and traders, and maritime technology providers and the digital eco-system/start-ups. We are currently focusing our research activities in Singapore within the areas of decarbonisation and autonomy. For this 3 year contract position, we are seeking a candidate who is well versed in the domains of digitalisation and decarbonisation in the maritime sector. Additionally, the candidate will support our team of experience maritime consultants and engineers in advisory projects and leading-edge Research and Innovation activities including the use of new technologies in maritime sector such as drones, IOT/Edge, autonomous and zero-emission vessels, data platform/data analytics.Requisition ID2020-14808Business AreaMaritimeJob Locations KR-SeoulPosition Title Wind Energy AnalystDNV GL - Energy division is seeking a Wind Energy Analyst to join our Project Development and Analytics team in Korea. This role is to enhance capabilities and increase resources of the Project Development and Analytics (PD&A) team, which is responsible to support our Customers from the prospection phase to operation. Energy production assessments, both pre-construction and operational, are the main service we provide to developers, investors, operators, or lenders. - Analyzing wind and other climatic data - Analyzing SCADA data and alarms - Monitor performance issues and O&M of a wind farm - Predicting wind farm energy production - Writing technical reports and communicating results to clients - Collaborating on the preparation of service proposals and follow up with clients as required - Collaborating and briefing with colleagues worldwide on technical topics. - Analyzing wind and other climatic data - Analyzing SCADA data and alarms - Monitor performance issues and O&M of a wind farm - Predicting wind farm energy production - Writing technical reports and communicating results to clients - Collaborating on the preparation of service proposals and follow up with clients as required - Collaborating and briefing with colleagues worldwide on technical topics.Requisition ID2020-14807Business AreaEnergyJob Locations US-TX-KatyPosition Title Direct Tax ManagerDNV GL - Global Shared Services is seeking a Direct Tax Manager. We are looking for professionals with confidence and a proactive attitude towards problem-solving. Our ideal candidate enjoys interaction with others, is dedicated to building positive working relationships, and takes pride in delivering results of high quality towards customers. You are independent, yet collaborate well with others, who perceive you as a team player. You take a diligent and pragmatic approach towards tasks, have a high resilience, prioritize well and show a positive attitude when delivering results under pressure. As a tax advisor in our team, you will work with dedicated and competent colleagues in an exciting and international environment. Every day, you will be exposed to challenging tasks and a wide range of customers. Join us, and you will have great opportunities to make an impact. This position will be based out of our Katy, TX office. Tasks May Include - Provide tax support on a wide range of topics and you will work in direct contact with managers and employees at all levels within all business fields in relation to areas such as: - First point of contact for all tax relevant issues for North American legal entities (USA, Canada and Mexico primarily) - Manage and support preparation of annual corporate income tax returns and/or review of tax returns - Manage transfer pricing documentation in collaboration with external advisor and Group Tax - Analysis and assessment of all tax relevant aspects in the relevant group of companies, incl. international tax law (DTAs, Transfer Pricing, etc.) - Support with the monthly, quarterly corporate income tax reporting performed as well as with the annual closing requirements under IFRS and statutory accounting. - Prepare and review the calculation of the current and deferred tax positions. - Monitor and review (cross-border) proposals and contracts on their tax merits and align with the Group Tax department if necessary - Respond to ad hoc and project related questions in support of Business Area operational projects - Closely monitor changes to tax legislation across the region and advise impact on DNV GL’s business within the region and implementation of changes as a result of new tax legislation. - Support with identifying opportunities to optimize DNV GL´s tax positions in the relevant region, mitigate tax risks and generate process improvements. - Develop and improve the existing Tax Compliance Management System and accounting related tools, etc. - Maintain strong relationships with, and act as main point of contact for, the Tax Authorities - Management of tax audits initiated by tax authoritiesRequisition ID2020-14804Business AreaGlobal Shared ServicesJob Locations PL-GdyniaPosition Title RPA EngineerDNV GL is going through a digital transformation and new digital services and solutions are in the making. We have a rich IT landscape consisting of applications with different footprints, technology stacks, and legacies. To automate repetitive work processes across the IT landscape, we have invested in setting up an RPA Competency Center. We use Blue Prism as our RPA software platform. We are looking for a RPA Engineer to support our business process automation, our development projects and operation. You will become part of the Integration and Master Data Management section in GSS IT; our internal IT organization responsible for delivering a wide range of IT capabilities and capacities to business and corporate units, and to end users worldwide. The focus of the section is to manage, develop, operate support and maintain DNV GL’s global integration and master data management services. These are key capabilities in DNV GL’s common global IT platform. In this role, you will have an impact on how we develop new automation and productivity solutions using the latest Blue Prism technologies. In the RPA Engineer role you will: - participate in projects as a developer of bots; - develop new RPA solutions in alignment with our enterprise architecture – this may also include developing web frontends for the robots; - do installations/admin setup related tasks in Blue Prism; - proactively engage with business and thereby better understand and influence their automation potential; - participate in system improvement activities to further develop our RPA software platform (Blue Prism); - keep an eye on major technology trends and roadmaps; - as part of our RPA Competency Center, you will also take part in the operation, monitoring, and support of our RPA services.Requisition ID2020-14803Business AreaGlobal Shared ServicesJob Locations US-AZ-PhoenixPosition Title Outreach Account ManagerJoin the Phoenix team that is helping Arizona commercial and industrial customers save energy and money. DNV GL is seeking an Energy Efficiency - Outreach Account Manager to work onsite in our Phoenix office who has significant experience working with customers who are planning and implementing energy efficiency projects. The successful candidate will support energy efficiency and demand management outreach. This will include working with customers and installation contractors on energy-saving projects.This position may also support customers and contractors, conduct energy audits, project inspections, customer education and project management. This position is based in our Phoenix, Arizona office. Tasks may include - Conduct outreach activities to promote energy efficiency and demand management opportunities with commercial and industrial businesses. - Review and verify technical merits of customer energy efficiency applications, including calculation of energy savings and verification of equipment specifications - Verify the installation of energy efficient and demand reduction equipment at customer sites - Interact with commercial and industrial customers, contractors, utility account managers, sector organizations and stakeholders to address questions or concerns about the installed equipment or program information - Ensure that contractors and Trade Allies comply with program policies and procedures - Recruit, train and work with Trade Allies - Conduct facility walk-throughs and customer/contractor meetings to identify energy efficiency and demand reduction opportunities - Conduct program presentations to inform customers of energy service offerings - Project management support - Database management support - Weekly, Monthly and annual reporting - Provide technical assistance, and guidance on energy efficient technologies, project implementation, and best practices to commercial and industrial customers, property managers, and portfolio/asset managers - Build and maintain relationships with key market stakeholders including building owners, property managers, portfolio managers, asset managers and contractorsRequisition ID2020-14802Business AreaEnergyJob Locations US-AZ-PhoenixPosition Title Energy Efficiency EngineerJoin the Phoenix team that is helping Arizona commercial and industrial, and multifamily customers save energy and money. DNV GL is seeking an Energy Efficiency Engineer to work onsite in our Phoenix office who has significant experience with industrial processes and/or building energy performance (e.g., HVAC, motors, controls). The successful candidate will manage and support program planning and implementation services to support energy efficiency and sustainability programs. This will include technical review of energy savings for a wide range of energy savings projects.This position is designated to support major customer accounts, conduct energy audits, project inspections, customer education and project management. This position is based in our Phoenix, Arizona office. Tasks may include - Review and verify technical merits of business customer energy efficiency/energy savings applications, including calculation of energy savings and verification of equipment specifications - Review and verify technical merits of business customer energy efficiency/energy savings applications with contractors and/or facility managers, including determination of baseline usage for industrial equipment, calculation of energy savings and verification of equipment specifications - Independently perform site-specific engineering analysis and evaluation of complex energy efficiency projects involving HVAC, lighting and industrial process equipment, such as pumps, motors, fans and compressed air systems - Review and verify energy savings calculations and guide other staff in the best practices for various energy savings technologies including controls, motors, HVAC, fans, pumps, air compression and industrial process use - Consult with facility managers on energy efficiency and energy savings options - Plan and deliver presentations at meetings and training events for contractors, customers, clients, and industry associations - Identify opportunities for energy savings to be added to the program - Complete technical and financial analyses for the program - Prepare savings reports in accordance with client standards - Perform site-specific engineering analysis and evaluation of energy efficiency/energy savings projects and programs involving industrial process equipment, such as pumps, fans and compressed air systems, complex central plant systems and advanced HVAC equipment - Perform building energy-use assessments and building simulations using software packages such as eQuest, Trace, EnergyPro, etc. - Interact with customers to address questions or concerns about the installed equipment or program information - Help lead a team of junior engineers and mentor and train staff in all the above functions - Apply results from previous year measurement and verification reports to subsequent year offerings - Maintain the program Work Papers to ensure projected savings are in line with actual savings - Project management support - Database management support - Weekly, monthly and annual reportingRequisition ID2020-14801Business AreaEnergyJob Locations US-AZ-PhoenixPosition Title Energy Audit EngineerDNV GL – Energy's Sustainable Energy Use – PDI group is seeking an Energy Audit Engineer with significant experience with building energy performance (e.g., lighting, HVAC and their control systems, and building envelope components) to oversee and perform building audits (or assessments) and provide expert advice for customers while recommending specific upgrades to electric systems through exemplary customer service. You will also advise customers of the improved efficiency that the upgrades will bring. You will provide excellent customer service and help customers implement, improve and demonstrate their commitment to improved energy management in their building. You will assist in managing the assessment program in support of and delivery of contract objectives. This position is based out of our Phoenix, AZ office. Tasks May Include - Manage, mentor and train team members in the assessment program. - Promote the energy efficiency program to customers through the completion of scheduled energy assessments. - Develop and promote the assessment program's strategic direction regarding energy efficiency and the business activities of its customers. - Conduct customer site audits to verify existing equipment and operating conditions and recommend the installation of energy-saving equipment and operational changes. Ability to recognize, identify and catalog energy-saving equipment types is critical. - Identify and provide documentation of on-site opportunities for installing energy efficiency products. - Advise customers on the elements of energy-consuming equipment (i.e., lighting, HVAC, building envelope, controls) in their building. - Utilize time out of office doing audits to locate and identify new construction and eligible existing sites in the service territory area, along with taking the opportunity to attempt to contact the onsite principal with the objective of informing them about the many aspects and value our programs have to offer. - Enter data into spreadsheets and web-based tools of energy savings opportunities that were recommended and customer building information. - Manage and collaborate with program team members to oversee or develop an assessment report for customers. - Build quick rapport with customers. Quickly initiate conversations with customers on site regarding energy usage at the facility. - Educate customers about the utility program. - Interface with the utility client regarding customer data (billing data, meter data and rate plan information), assessment scheduling requests and assessment reviews. - Interpret customer data to provide energy-saving tips that would result in electric bill savings for the customer. - Extensive driving and travel within Arizona during the week. Most travel will be in Phoenix metro area. - Weekly, monthly and annual reporting.Requisition ID2020-14800Business AreaEnergyJob Locations PL-GdyniaPosition Title Chief AccountantDNV GL Global Centre Finance Gdynia, delivers high quality services to European countries, related to Record to Report process, Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable. Services are rendered in close collaboration with Regional Centres, together developing the Global Shared Service Finance function for DNV GL. We are seeking Chief Accountant/Accounting Controller for our GSS Finance based in Gdynia, Poland. To succeed in this role, you should be a caring and respectful team player with excellent communication skills and cultural awareness. You will supervise accounting operations to ensure compliance with internal & external reporting requirements for both Group and Statutory reporting purposes. So, you have to be attentive to detail, aware of deadlines and work well under pressure. When employed, you will be a part of GSS Finance focusing on overview of bookkeeping, providing finance advisory services to organization and being involved in financial reporting and compliance processes. In work you will: - Act as a main point of contact and collaborate with various stakeholders in respect of transactions performed by our Finance Shared Services Center in Gdynia; - Manage the relationship with internal/ external parties responsible for preparing statutory financial statements, VAT returns and annual tax returns; - Take responsibility for the financial bookkeeping; - Work closely with other departments to ensure accruals are accurate and complete; - Initiate monthly balance sheet reviews and follow up on any open or un-reconciled items; - Conduct monthly and quarterly trend analysis on balance sheet and P&L accounts; - Monitor and manage cashflow forecasting of the specific entities in cooperation with Cash Management Team; - Manage and coordinate Internal and External audits;Requisition ID2020-14798Business AreaGlobal Shared ServicesJob Locations NO-HøvikPosition Title DNV GL Summer Project 2021Are you comfortable with complex problem solving, critical thinking and powered with creativity? This could be the opportunity you are looking for! DNV GL Summer Project will hire a cross-disciplinary team (like previous years) where you are invited to explore the concept: “Floating Wind 2040: how is it successful and what is DNV GL’s role?”. You will leverage DNV GL’s technical and commercial experience in wind energy, power systems, offshore oil and gas and maritime; and explore the possibilities of artificial intelligence, machine learning, big data, IOT, augmented and virtual reality across the project lifecycle. Based on the trust DNV GL has within the industries we operate in; our ambition is to accelerate the development of the floating wind industry through innovation and digitalization. You can read more about our current view on floating wind at our website: Floating Offshore Wind - DNV GL You will be part of a project team consisting of six-eight 4th year master students from varying backgrounds, and you will utilize DNV GLs technical and commercial expertise to find a solution to the question above.Requisition ID2020-14796Business AreaGroup UnitsJob Locations UK-LondonPosition Title Principal Consultant Supply Chain Services, UK Assessment ServicesAre you looking to lead the growth of sustainable supply chain services in an innovative, digitally enabled, purpose driven business? Are you motivated to support customers to achieve business success and sustainability impacts in their supply chains through practical action towards a more sustainable world? Do you want to advance your career by working with a leader in digital supply chain technology? We’re recruiting for a growth focused Principal Consultant with proven seller-doer experience in the domain of supply chain sustainability to join our Sustainability Assessment Services team in the UK to help us achieve our vision and goals. This is an exciting opportunity to take a senior role to achieve growth as a seller doer, lead the delivery of projects, ensure service excellence for clients and play an important role in development of others within the team. We help clients implement, improve and demonstrate their commitment to sustainability. You will get the opportunity to lead and develop our work on a wide range of sustainability services primarily focussed on supply chain sustainability, supply chain risk management, human rights, supply chain strategy, and assurance. When doing this, you will get the opportunity to engage with many of the world’s leading companies and brands across a wide range of sectors and to leverage a suite of new digital technologies to scope sell and deliver innovative digital supply chain solutions. Our Team: Our UK team comprises 17 members, based predominantly at our offices at London Bridge (Central London). The UK Assessment Services team sits within the innovative Digital Assurance and Supply Chain (DASC) division of Business Assurance, and works closely with sustainability colleagues across Business Assurance globally. Business Assurance is one of four business areas within DNVGL, the others being Maritime, Oil and Gas, and Energy. Key accountabilities: You will be expected to lead the growth of our sales and delivery for a range of sustainability services and may have specialism and expertise in several of them, including: - Supply chain sustainability - Supply chain risk management - Human rights - Sustainability strategy - Track and trace solutions in supply chains - Supplier capacity building - Second party supplier audits - Digitally enabled supply chain solutions for transparency, traceability and risk management You will be expected to lead project teams as well as helping to grow our business through the following activities: - Proactively seeking to identify customer needs, developing tailored solutions and selling these to new and existing clients - Leading projects, ensuring they are executed to clients’ expectations, on time, on budget and to DNV GL quality standards - Leading and communicating effectively with your project teams and clients - Introducing services from your own/existing discipline(s) to new clients and new services to existing clients - Writing thought leadership for the team to be published internally and externally The role would report (for line management and personal development) to the Head of Department, UK Assessment.Requisition ID2020-14793Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations NL-BarendrechtPosition Title Sales Officer (Dutch speaking)Due to the growing demand for our services, we are looking for a new colleague to join our Sales Department as Sales Officer. We offer varied, exciting tasks in a modern international company orientated towards the digital future. With us you will find a highly motivated team, great working conditions and an independent area of responsibility. What is the role about? - To perform sales and acquisition for our certification services to reach the given individual and team targets - To prepare quotations and keep CRM system up to date with all relevant prospect, quote and inquiry information - To monitor and actively follow up on outstanding quotations - To provide information to (potential) customers - To make sure the company information packages are up-to-date and available - To contribute positively to teambuilding processes - To be service-minded towards external customers - To ensure that the independent nature of the DNV GL scheme is not compromised at any time - To provide support and work together with Senior Sales Officers and Sales Executives (processing contracts, contract changes and quotes)Requisition ID2020-14790Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations NL-BarendrechtPosition Title Junior Marketing & Communication Officer (Dutch speaking)We are looking for a colleague who can fill the position of marketing and communication employee with full enthusiasm. As a marketing and communication employee you will be part of the Marketing & Communication Benelux team. Together we build our services and the positioning of our services in the market. You create good content and you ensure that the content is brought to the attention of the right audience through the various channels. Learning by discovering for yourself is not strange to you. You are creative and learn on-the-job. Some of the activities: - Managing and maintaining the website and social media channels; - Writing content for website and social media; Editing and writing texts and using SEO optimization for more conversions; - Development of communication material (such as white papers, e-advertisements, brochures & flyers, banners etc.); - Help in organizing events for DNV GL; - You get to know working on online lead generation using search engine marketing, display & social media advertising; - You help set up campaigns to bring the content created to the attention of the right audience through the various channels via our marketing automation system; - Generating qualified sales leads for our sales departments through systematic lead generation and nurturingRequisition ID2020-14787Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations KR-SeoulPosition Title Functional safety engineerThe Functional Safety Engineer is responsible for providing technical advisory and assessment serviceson projects and ensuring service excellence for clients. This role helps clients implement, improve and demonstrate their commitment to international and local standards. This position will get the opportunity to lead and work on a wide range of automotive control system safety. You will be expected to support the delivery for a range of services and may have specialism and expertise in several of them, including: - Conducting technical advisory and assessment services; - Key customer management and stakeholder engagement; - Supporting the sales team through technical advice and guidance; - Training and capacity building services; - Enterprise risk management; - By understanding ever changing client needs, proactively seeking to identify customer needs and providing leads to the sales team; - Leading projects, ensuring they are executed to clients’ expectations on time and on budget and to DNV GL quality standards; - Leading and communicating effectively with your project teams and clients;Requisition ID2020-14785Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations ZA-Cape TownPosition Title Chief Accountant (Angola and Mozambique)What is the purpose of the position and the prime reason for its existence? With the purpose of conducting a standardized, high quality and cost-efficient support function, GSS (Global Shared Services) Finance has re-organized its Middle Eastern and Africa operations into a center responsible for defined finance processes and transactional tasks in Dubai (will move to India). The Chief Accountant will be based in Cape Town, South Africa where there are 2 other Chief Accountants covering countries in Sub Sahara Africa. The Chief Accountant oversees, reviews and evaluates the corporate compliance program on the local level, which includes internal control procedures and policies. The Chief Accountant ensures that management and employees comply with local rules and regulations and that corporate and company policies are being followed. The Chief Accountant is accountable to GSS management, in all compliance matters as listed in the job purpose. Accountability is achieved through providing stewardship on compliance matters for BA (Business Area)/GSS management in the Region. Work to be performed/major duties: - Responsible for all statutory reporting and compliance for the Angolan and Mozambican legal entities. - Drive standardization of accounting processes and recording of transaction in collaboration with the GSS center - Drive standardization of the chart of accounts and cost center structure for the legal entities - Work with Business Controllers and GSS to standardize daily, weekly, monthly and annual reporting - Monitors share capital development and dividends and makes sure that equity rules and dividend payment rules are followed and are legally compliant (eg. thin capitalization rules, limits to dividends, WHT on dividends, dividend reporting). - Ensures compliance with Group accounting standards, International Accounting Standards, Statutory and Tax rules - Oversees tax compliance, supports in tax reviews, supports in preparation of tax reports and tax calculation for annual group and statutory accounts. - Oversees compliance to statutory rules, act as the main support in annual audits and preparation of annual statutory accounts and notes - Coordinates and facilitates in Internal Control matters - Prepares companies for Internal Control visits and participates in Group Internal Control visits. - Main contact point for general accounting processes and group reporting, which includes providing input to specific accruals and provisions, Intercompany invoicing, investments and asset reviews, revenue recognition and questions on non-standard or complex journal entries. - Take active steps to reconcile and pay all Intercompany balances in line with GSS Finance goals and KPI’s, taking into account local exchange control regulations. - Acts as main contact point towards auditors and outsourcing partners including tax advisors and local accounting service providers - Perform Cash management tasks for the legal entity including opening Group Treasury-approved bank accounts, closing previous bank accounts and ensuring bank reconciliations are up-to-date. Ensure there are joint bank signatories for each bank account. - Support key strategic projects e.g. Finance system roll-outRequisition ID2020-14784Business AreaGlobal Shared ServicesJob Locations PL-GdyniaPosition Title Digital AnalystWe are seeking a Digital Analyst for our Digital Development & Operations team. The Digital Development & Operations is responsible for Development, Operation and Support of DNV GL's core Digital Channels, and collaboration solutions for Group Communication and Business Areas. This role will be supporting the Head of Marketing and Communication Technology setting a data driven organization. From data to actions. You will be responsible for visualizing, collecting and analyzing our digital data. We see this as a crucial role to understand our customer journeys and improve. The key purpose of the Digital Analytics role is to support with reporting and analytics of data on media coverage, web and social media analytics (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter) across the Group. If you are passionate about metrics, analytics, APIs and you are not scared of learning new things we hope you apply and learn more about us! As a Digital Analyst: - You will work with metrics, tracking-codes, dashboards, and work with the Marketing and IT Departments - Reporting and analysing our Marketing and Communications activities. You are familiar with Google Analytics, Excel, or/and some BI tool - Implementation, collection and analysis of users' data from different digital source - Work with the marketing teams in different Business Areas to maximize our digital activities - Support key stakeholders with manual and automated data integration management between core business applications and data lakes - Present and share new ideas to visualize and collect data on your Dashboard bringing recommendations and improvements - Interacts with DevOPs team and ensures that solutions meet Group and Business Areas requirements in terms of functionality, performance, availability, scalability, and reliabilityRequisition ID2020-14781Business AreaGlobal Shared ServicesJob Locations CA-QC-MontrealPosition Title Project Engineer, Renewables M&ADo you want to be part of the world’s leading renewable energy consulting firm, committed to facilitating the energy transition and mitigating climate change? Does working in a dynamic, multidisciplinary team of experts delivering timely, actionable intelligence on renewable energy projects to support engaged customers appeal to you? Do you want to help mitigate technical risks and maximize investment returns while to support transactions? DNV GL - Energy is seeking for a Project Engineer for our M&A Advisory Services team. Join us! In this role, you will collaborate with the Project Managers and Technical Leads in support of a variety of M&A transactions, including both preconstruction and operational projects or portfolios comprising wind, solar, and storage technologies. You will sit at the crossroads of renewable energy technology and finance, with a mandate to broaden both your technical skillset and project management capabilities. And you will be part of a high performing team, fostering collaboration, driving innovation, identifying opportunities for team growth, and delivering efficiencies. DNV GL’s M&A Advisory Service team operates at the cutting edge of the industry providing independent engineering, technical due diligence, and advisory services primarily in support of mergers & acquisitions (M&A) and portfolio financing of development and operational renewable energy assets for diverse customers in the North American market. Services may also include projects or portfolios globally. Our technical work contributes to the efficient functioning of the equity markets which are increasingly driving renewable energy penetration in North America. This position is based out of our Montreal, Quebec office. Remote locations are also considered. Tasks May Include - Coordination of the technical review process among internal specialists (including civil and electrical engineering, energy assessment, solar/wind/storage technology, permitting, etc.). - Performing portions of the due diligence reviews, including contract and financial model (OPEX and CAPEX) reviews. - Synthesizing input from technical specialists and writing of the due diligence reports and other deliverables. - Support resolution of technical issues with project stakeholders, including coordinating input on such issues from internal technical specialists as necessary, and interfacing with customers. - Drafting and winning proposals for scopes of services related to due diligence work. - Support construction monitoring by DNV GL, including performing in-person and virtual site spections. - Reviewing project operating reports to evaluate asset health and performance. - Supporting Project Managers and customers through the financial closings of projects. - Managing project documentation. - Prioritizing QHSE considerations within the team to ensure safe execution and healthy work environment.Requisition ID2020-14778Business AreaEnergyJob Locations US-OH-MilfordPosition Title Accreditation Specialist IDNV GL – Business Assurance group is seeking an Accreditation Specialist I to join our Global Accreditation Unit This position is based out of our Milford, Ohio office. The successful candidate will be responsible for coordination of a customer-focused strategy for communication with both DNV GL clients and the surveyor cadre in an effective and efficient manner through consultative, educational and direct support. The candidate must be a self-starter, able to work independently, must be able to multi-task and proactively manage their workload. A high level of verbal and written communication is compulsory. The candidate must have the ability to coordinate processes to effectively manage customer issues and must have the ability to achieve outcomes with respect to the coordinating activities with others and to work toward continually improving Accreditation programs. The primary function of the Accreditation Specialist I is to perform the accreditation process and carry out the scope of accreditation and certification work in accordance with the guidelines, principles and written instructions established by DNV GL Healthcare. Tasks May Include - Ensure that the work is performed in accordance with the quality requirements of the activity, the instructions of the Director of Accreditation or designee, and the procedures governing the activity - Responsible for ongoing compliance with DNV GL procedures related to Accreditation and Certification - Plan and execute accreditation work, both pre-survey and post-survey, within agreed timescales - Inform DNV GL HC management if the work cannot be performed within the agreed timeframe, or in accordance with agreed requirements - Ensure the independent nature of the accreditation requirements are not compromised at any time - As assigned, assist with tasks and responsibilities of the roles of Accreditation Specialists – including pre-survey or post survey activities - Cross train with all members of the Accreditation Team for ad hoc coverage of department including but not limited to responsibility for pre-survey and post survey activities. - Directs communications and provides support to DNV GL clients, under the direction of the Director of Accreditation Services, related to accreditation and certification services - Other duties assigned by appropriate managementRequisition ID2020-14777Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations MX-Mexico D.F.Position Title Senior Sales ExecutiveAre you interested in working in an environment where we care, we share, and we dare and is made of engaged and knowledgeable team members? If so, this is the right opportunity for you! DNV GL – Business Assurance Mexico is seeking a Senior Sales Executive to join our Assurance Services sales team. In our team you will have the opportunity to work with a large group of excellent professionals spread around the world. In DNV GL we really make a difference. This position is based out of our Mexico City, Mexico office. Tasks May Include - Identify and develop business in Mexico for our Assurance Services portfolio by selling ISRS/ management system, risk management and safety culture. - This person will be responsible for: - Market intelligence/ companies targeting; - Market prospection: people/ position identification and contact; - Commercial meetings and presentations; - Biding, proposal, follow up, and contract reviewing; - Sales system interface/ updating; - Projects handover to local/ regional operations team.Requisition ID2020-14772Business AreaBusiness AssuranceJob Locations BE-AntwerpenPosition Title Lead AuditorAs a result of further growth of our Business Assurance Unit in Antwerp we are continuously looking for qualified candidates in the following areas: - Petro-chemical industry, offshore, recycle industry, storage and distribution and port industry for standards like 9001/14001/45001 and 50001, - Information Security ISO 27001 (preferably combined with health background), - Food and Beverage overall for GFSI standards like FSSC/BRC /IFS, - Food and Beverage Packaging for GFSI standards like FSSC / BRC IOP.Requisition ID2020-14771Business AreaBusiness AssuranceFirst page of results First Previous page of resultsPage 1 of 10 Page 2 of 10 Page 3 of 10Page 4 of 10 , Current Page Page 5 of 10 Page 6 of 10Page 7 of 10 Page 8 of 10 Page 9 of 10Page 10 of 10Next page of results Last page of results LastApplication FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.com"
