"Indiana Veterans Jobs - Oracle Cloud Solution Engineer – Healthcare - Cloud Solution Engineer 5 in Indianapolis, Indiana, United StatesIndiana Veterans JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (41,004)Job InformationOracle Cloud Solution Engineer – Healthcare - Cloud Solution Engineer 5 in Indianapolis, IndianaPartners with customers, sales, engineering and product teams to design, demonstrate and deploy Oracle Cloud architectures that address customer business problems. Drives Oracle Cloud customer consumption by accelerating the adoption of Oracle cloud services including discovery, design and deployment.Responsible for engaging with strategic and more complex customers, builds leadership relationships at multiple levels within organizations in order to design and implement solutions. Works directly with customers to gather requirements, develop architectures and translates business needs into solutions. May implement solutions and ensure successful deployments through code development and scripting. Displays product/application understanding through highly customized presentation demonstrations to customers and at conferences and events. Supports customer from Proof of Concept (POC) through production deployment of services via resource configuration, planning, and customer education/training. Creates and distributes technical assets (white papers, solution code, blog posts, and video demonstrations). Provides leadership and expertise in the development of new solutions, products, and processes. Maintains expertise by staying current on emerging technologies. Acts as an acknowledged authority for customers and sales on technical cloud solutions and customer success. Viewed by peers as a leader and top contributor and by line management as a key business partner. Identifies gaps and enhancements to influence engineering roadmaps for customer driven features. Maintains expertise by staying current on emerging technologies.Minimum qualifications include: 12 years experience with computer applications and tools required. Ability to travel 50% international and domestic. Preferred but not required qualifications include: Bachelor of Science-level university degree in Computer Science, Math, Engineering from accredited university; and/or relevant 12 years technical experience. Advanced degree in relevant field of studies highly desirable. Expertise in and an in depth and thorough knowledge of penetrating accounts, meeting stakeholders within accounts, and interaction with C level; Competitive and industry knowledge in the field of computer applications and tools; System and application design; Implementation of advanced product features; Project management; Solving technical problems with customers in technical environments; Written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills; Needs analysis, positioning, and business justification. 12 years experience and expertise in the clear communication of technical information to others through presentations, demonstrations, written communication and consultative solutioning experience.Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.Cloud Solution Engineer – Healthcare - Cloud Solution Engineer 5ORACLE: As the provider of the world’s most complete, open and integrated business software and hardware systems, Oracle is dedicated to unleashing innovation by simplifying IT. With more than 30 years of information technology innovation, Oracle is the recognized industry leader in enterprise application and technology solutions.ORACLE CLOUD: Oracle Cloud is a Generation 2 enterprise cloud that delivers powerful compute and networking performance, a comprehensive portfolio of infrastructure and platform cloud services, and the world’s only self-driving autonomous database. Built from the ground up to meet the needs of mission-critical applications, Oracle Cloud supports all legacy workloads while delivering modern cloud development tools—so enterprises can bring their past and build their future.The comprehensive nature of Oracle Cloud is a key selection consideration for customers. Oracle has the broadest cloud portfolio in the industry, delivering a complete range of production-level, cross-functional business applications for each part of an organization with information and data shared seamlessly across Oracle Cloud Applications and other systems. Business users have the latest innovations at their fingertips across sales and marketing, customer service, finance and accounting, supply chain management, human capital and talent management—all enriched with social engagement and collaboration tools and an intuitive user interface that works on any mobile device. These applications have been architected on a modern and open cloud platform and infrastructure to simplify integration needs and lower an organization’s total cost of ownership.With such extensive functionality across business processes, customers can solve their business problems with complete solutions that give them end-to-end execution and complete visibility.Oracle IaaS is clearly differentiated, being far more performant, more secure, more reliable and cost efficient as compared to others in the market. Oracle has fundamentally innovated in the IaaS space and continues to gain market share aggressively. Oracle PaaS is anchored by Oracle Autonomous Database (ADB), which offers the most innovative “self-driving” capabilities in the data tier in the marketplace. Combine with ADB, Oracle cloud also offers a complete application development platform that includes app dev, security, integration, identity management, analytics, big data and AI/ML amongst other far broader capabilities.KEY RESPONSIBILITIESThe Cloud Solution Engineer for Healthcare is responsible for providing services, workloads and use-cases for customers in the Healthcare space. Strong technology exposure and understanding in the Healthcare industry is a must, blended with strong pre-sales/sales acumen. You will be a part of highly skilled cloud engineers that blend industry experience and deep subject matter expertise to solve the hardest customer issues in the context of strategic sales engagements. The teams’ responsibilities include thoroughly understanding customers’ business requirements, leading the technical pursuits required to capture cloud bookings and assisting in the customer adoption of Oracle’s Cloud capabilities.You will have a unique perspective based on technology trends and business drivers in the Healthcare industry vertical and contribute to key business decisions and customer engagement strategies and initiatives. S/he must develop a comprehensive strategy and drive results by:Engaging with Key Industry customers to provide unique domain expertise, co-design products and solutionsHelp Customers transform and evolve their business with OCI IaaS and PaaS services.Define product strategy and go-to-market (GTM) model, helping bring the industry value proposition to life for customersUse domain expertise and analyze industry trends to inform product roadmaps, create GTM design and coordinate as needed for emerging products.YEAR ONE CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSDevelop strong relationships with the relevant Sales, Product Management and Engineering teams.Mastery of Oracle Cloud services.Successfully engaged with some of the largest and most strategic accounts and land several meaningful and sizeable technical winsDemonstrate technical credibility within Oracle and with Oracle customers._ _PREFERRED PERSONAL EXPERIENCE, CHARACTERISTICS AND LEADERSHIP SKILLSThe ideal candidate must be a high-energy, strategic and technical expert leader possessing a strong sense of urgency with a performance-based track record of success.S/he will have demonstrated successful expertise with a cloud product technology company. The successful candidate will be technically adept, possessing a broad combination of skills and experiences reflecting the complexities of Oracle and Oracle’s customers. This role requires technical cloud subject matter expertise and the capability to influence critical and timely transformational change for our customers.The successful candidate:An experienced and credible technical expert with a deep enterprise cloud technical skill set.Strong understanding of the Healthcare Industry; deep experience in the industry from a technologist point of view, deep understanding of the technology evaluation and buying cycle and the forces at play, the specific value chain of the industry with the latest trends and how technology plays into those.A balance of strategic and tactical skills, with a high-level of intellectual agility and capacity for original thought.An exceptional communicator who can write, present and effectively adjust messages to meet individual audiences and organizations.Experience in the ability to manage a customer during transformational change.A proven ability to navigate and effectively collaborate with other departments and resources in large complex environments.Personal characteristics:Communicates and Influences: Clearly communicates information and ideas to individuals and teams in an articulate, focused and compelling way. Willing to offer intellectual mindshare.Analytical and Instinctual: Compares information from multiple sources to identify core issues. Uses data to make decisions but also understands that instinct plays a part in innovating. Always uses good common sense.Possesses Business Acumen: Deep understanding of cloud technology, business and operations with the ability to draw from personal experience to make recommendations.EDUCATIONA Computer Science degree is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.At Oracle, we do not just value differences—we celebrate them. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people work together. We believe innovation starts with diversity and inclusion.https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/culture/diversity.htmlJob: *Pre SalesOrganization: *OracleTitle: Cloud Solution Engineer – Healthcare - Cloud Solution Engineer 5Location: United StatesRequisition ID: 210001OQApply NowOracleOracle JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaOracleCloud Solution Engineer – Health...IndianapolisIndianaClear AllFeatured JobsIndiana Apprenticeship JobsIndiana Construction JobsIndiana Disability JobsIndiana Healthcare JobsIndiana Manufacturing JobsIndiana Stem JobsIndiana Transportation JobsIndiana Veterans JobsIndiana Youth JobsIndiana JobsProtect Yourself | Indiana PoliciesCopyright © 1998-, Geographic Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Geographic Solutions Virtual OneStop®. | Privacy | DisclaimerAuxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. Call our TTY number: 1-800-445-1312.An Equal Opportunity Employer/Program."
