"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs9 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchMarket Research Computer Science CRM StatisticsRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9054) Data Science (8) SQL (8) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6) Data Analysis (6)Python (6) Software Engineering (6) Excel (5) Data Management (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Big Data (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) ETL (3) Machine Learning (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisPrincipal Data Platform ArchitectSnowflake Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Senior Cyber Threat HunterPfizer Collegeville, PA, USAThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Software Engineer, Vehicle User Interface (C++)Tesla Austin, TX, USAThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Software Development EngineerAmazon San Diego, CA, USAAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Frontend DeveloperCactus Communications RemoteAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Senior Software Engineer/DeveloperFidelity Investments Westlake, TX, USAProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Sr. Data Analyst, Commercial Service OperationsTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
