"Jobs | DiversityDBJobsPost a JobOfferingsArticlesAboutContactSign inSign upJobsPost a JobOfferingsArticlesAboutContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs109 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchReal EstateRefine by CategoriesConstruction (5215) Information Technology (2076) Professional Services (977) Telecommunications (662) Transportation (498) Retail (391)Restaurant-Food Service (298) Biotech (290) Science (139) Accounting (122) Other (41) Nonprofit-Social Services (40) Design (29) Government (29) Executive (4) Human Resources (3) Business Development (2) Finance (2)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (109)Refine by CityWashington (29) Atlanta (9) Irvine (9) Richmond (6) Austin (3) Chicago (3)Ontario (3) San Francisco (3) Boston (2) Dallas (2) Detroit (2) New York (2) Oak Ridge (2) San Diego (2) San Jose (2) Azusa (1) Bellevue (1) Charlotte (1) Charlottesville (1) Cincinnati (1)MoreRefine by CountryUnited States (105)Refine by StateDistrict of Columbia (29) California (23) Georgia (9) Texas (7) Virginia (7) Illinois (3)New York (3) Washington (3) Arizona (2) Florida (2) Massachusetts (2) Michigan (2) Missouri (2) Tennessee (2) Wisconsin (2) Colorado (1) Hawaii (1) Minnesota (1) North Carolina (1) Ohio (1)MoreRefine by Company NameCoStar Group (102) Jacobs (6) Illumina (1)Email me jobs like thisAdvertising Sales Executive, LoopNet - NYC - US-NY New YorkCoStar Group New York, NY, USAJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Sales Associate, CoStar - Toronto, ONCoStar Group CA-ON TorontoJob Description <br> CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The CoStar sales team prospects for and engages potential clients while managing, nurturing, and growing our existing client base. Promoting both CoStar and LoopNet products, you will have the opportunity to take an entrepreneurial approach to sell, train, and retain your book of business. As a CoStar Sales Associate you will be responsible for managing an ever growing book of business working with existing clients to broaden their use of our products; CoStar Suite and LoopNet. At CoStar you will receive a first class onboarding...Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The CoStar sales team prospects for and engages potential clients while managing, nurturing, and growing our existing client base. Promoting both CoStar and LoopNet products, you will have the opportunity to take an entrepreneurial approach to sell, train, and retain your book of business. As a CoStar Sales Associate you will be responsible for managing an ever growing book of business working with existing clients to broaden their use of our products; CoStar Suite and LoopNet. At CoStar you will receive a first class onboarding...Sales Associate, CoStar - Vancouver, BC - CA-BC Field BasedCoStar Group CA-BC Field BasedJob Description <br> CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The CoStar sales team prospects for and engages potential clients while managing, nurturing, and growing our existing client base. Promoting both CoStar and LoopNet products, you will have the opportunity to take an entrepreneurial approach to sell, train, and retain your book of business. As a CoStar Sales Associate you will be responsible for managing an ever growing book of business working with existing clients to broaden their use of our products; CoStar Suite and LoopNet. At CoStar you will receive a first class onboarding...Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The CoStar sales team prospects for and engages potential clients while managing, nurturing, and growing our existing client base. Promoting both CoStar and LoopNet products, you will have the opportunity to take an entrepreneurial approach to sell, train, and retain your book of business. As a CoStar Sales Associate you will be responsible for managing an ever growing book of business working with existing clients to broaden their use of our products; CoStar Suite and LoopNet. At CoStar you will receive a first class onboarding...Technical Manager (Application Development) - US-VA RichmondCoStar Group Richmond, VA, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. CoStar is looking for a Manager of Software Engineering based in our Richmond, VA Headquarters to lead a team of approximately 4-5 people. The position is responsible for developing our internal CRM platform leveraging skills like React, JavaScript, ElasticSearch, C#, NodeJS, Cypress, Kafka, MongoDB, SQL Server, Kibana, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Cloud Managed Services, etc. RESPONSIBILITIES ...Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. CoStar is looking for a Manager of Software Engineering based in our Richmond, VA Headquarters to lead a team of approximately 4-5 people. The position is responsible for developing our internal CRM platform leveraging skills like React, JavaScript, ElasticSearch, C#, NodeJS, Cypress, Kafka, MongoDB, SQL Server, Kibana, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Cloud Managed Services, etc. RESPONSIBILITIES ...Tenant Research Associate - US-VA RichmondCoStar Group Richmond, VA, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The Research team is the heart of CoStar, capturing market-critical information that enables our commercial real estate clients to make informed, high impact business decisions daily. CoStar Group’s research contributes to the most important segment of our economy, helping businesses open offices, retail stores, warehouses, and manufacturing facilities. CoStar Group is seeking a Tenant Research Associate to join our growing research organization. As a Tenant Research Associate, you will be investigating and...Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The Research team is the heart of CoStar, capturing market-critical information that enables our commercial real estate clients to make informed, high impact business decisions daily. CoStar Group’s research contributes to the most important segment of our economy, helping businesses open offices, retail stores, warehouses, and manufacturing facilities. CoStar Group is seeking a Tenant Research Associate to join our growing research organization. As a Tenant Research Associate, you will be investigating and...Sales Executive, CoStar - Washington, DCCoStar Group Washington D. C., DC, USASales Executive, CoStar - Washington, DC <br> Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest...Oct 23, 2020Full timeSales Executive, CoStar - Washington, DC <br> Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest...Copywriter II - US-GA AtlantaCoStar Group Atlanta, GA, U.S.Job Description <br> Are you a creative innovator? Do you enjoy going beyond the content to discover new ways to connect with your audience? We’re looking for someone who has a strong desire to create content with a purpose. Someone who enjoys finding unique perspectives and delivering content that’s unique and fresh – a writer with a proven track record of delivering content that moves and motivates. An Apartments.com Copywriter II carefully writes, proofreads, and edits content to deliver only the best in style and clarity. You’ll collaborate across teams and brainstorm new ideas and topics. You’ll use research to enhance your content’s credibility. You are creative, curious, and driven. If you crave responsibility and want to drive content initiatives to the next level, we want to talk to you. Role & Responsibilities: You are motivated and driven with a desire to create well-researched content...Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> Are you a creative innovator? Do you enjoy going beyond the content to discover new ways to connect with your audience? We’re looking for someone who has a strong desire to create content with a purpose. Someone who enjoys finding unique perspectives and delivering content that’s unique and fresh – a writer with a proven track record of delivering content that moves and motivates. An Apartments.com Copywriter II carefully writes, proofreads, and edits content to deliver only the best in style and clarity. You’ll collaborate across teams and brainstorm new ideas and topics. You’ll use research to enhance your content’s credibility. You are creative, curious, and driven. If you crave responsibility and want to drive content initiatives to the next level, we want to talk to you. Role & Responsibilities: You are motivated and driven with a desire to create well-researched content...Senior Accountant - US-DC Washington DCCoStar Group Washington D. C., DC, USAJob Description <br> Senior Accountant – CoStar – Washington, DC OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. At CoStar Group, our finance group centralizes transaction processes, providing accurate reporting, financial resolutions, and proper forecasting analysis. Joining the team offers access to financial specializations, including accounts payable, accounts receivable, cash and asset management, client contracts and billing, and revenue recognition As a Senior Accountant, you will be primarily responsible for assisting in the monthly revenue close...Oct 23, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> Senior Accountant – CoStar – Washington, DC OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. At CoStar Group, our finance group centralizes transaction processes, providing accurate reporting, financial resolutions, and proper forecasting analysis. Joining the team offers access to financial specializations, including accounts payable, accounts receivable, cash and asset management, client contracts and billing, and revenue recognition As a Senior Accountant, you will be primarily responsible for assisting in the monthly revenue close...Advertising Sales Associate, LoopNet - San Francisco, CACoStar Group San Francisco, CA, USAJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018). LoopNet is...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018). LoopNet is...Regional Vice President, LoopNet - Southeast - US-GA AtlantaCoStar Group Atlanta, GA, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018). LoopNet is the...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018). LoopNet is the...VMware Engineer - US-DC Washington DCCoStar Group Washington D. C., DC, USAJob Description <br> Apartments.com Infrastructure Engineer OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the parent of Apartments.com and is the #1 commercial real estate technology company. CoStar Group placed #15 in the Forbes World's Most Innovative Growth Companies list for 2017. CoStar Group, Inc placed #52 in the Fortune 100 Fastest Growing Companies list in 2018. Its leading brands includes Apartments.com, ApartmentFinder.com, ForRent.com, CoStar, LoopNet, LandsofAmerica and BizBuySell. As an Infrastructure Engineer on the CoStar Group Infrastructure Team you will manage and improve all VMware, SAN and compute (UCS) solutions in a large scale hybrid data center operation. The CoStar Group IT Infrastructure team oversees the design, delivery & upkeep of rapid solutions supporting a world-wide IT infrastructure. Directly responsible for managing all the infrastructure that supports 7,000+ virtual machines (customer facing and...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> Apartments.com Infrastructure Engineer OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the parent of Apartments.com and is the #1 commercial real estate technology company. CoStar Group placed #15 in the Forbes World's Most Innovative Growth Companies list for 2017. CoStar Group, Inc placed #52 in the Fortune 100 Fastest Growing Companies list in 2018. Its leading brands includes Apartments.com, ApartmentFinder.com, ForRent.com, CoStar, LoopNet, LandsofAmerica and BizBuySell. As an Infrastructure Engineer on the CoStar Group Infrastructure Team you will manage and improve all VMware, SAN and compute (UCS) solutions in a large scale hybrid data center operation. The CoStar Group IT Infrastructure team oversees the design, delivery & upkeep of rapid solutions supporting a world-wide IT infrastructure. Directly responsible for managing all the infrastructure that supports 7,000+ virtual machines (customer facing and...Sourcing Lead - US-DC Washington DCCoStar Group Washington D. C., DC, USAJob Description <br> CoStar Group, the leading provider of commercial real estate information, analytics and online marketplaces, is looking to fill a role on the Global P2P team of CoStar. The Sourcing Lead shall contribute to the development of and is responsible for executing the defined sourcing strategy for assigned category. Sourcing Lead will have accountability for managing assigned supply base and catalogue content and educating the business partners on best practices in the requisition-process, as well as negotiating, managing and maintaining contracts long with KPI’s. The Sourcing Lead takes full ownership of managing all aspects of the category contracts. The Sourcing Lead will take a leading role in driving local and regional cost savings, contributing to overall ROI of procurement performance in line with the overall category strategy. In regard to the CoStar P2P optimization initiative, the Sourcing Lead is expected...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> CoStar Group, the leading provider of commercial real estate information, analytics and online marketplaces, is looking to fill a role on the Global P2P team of CoStar. The Sourcing Lead shall contribute to the development of and is responsible for executing the defined sourcing strategy for assigned category. Sourcing Lead will have accountability for managing assigned supply base and catalogue content and educating the business partners on best practices in the requisition-process, as well as negotiating, managing and maintaining contracts long with KPI’s. The Sourcing Lead takes full ownership of managing all aspects of the category contracts. The Sourcing Lead will take a leading role in driving local and regional cost savings, contributing to overall ROI of procurement performance in line with the overall category strategy. In regard to the CoStar P2P optimization initiative, the Sourcing Lead is expected...Localization Project Manager - US-DC Washington DCCoStar Group Washington D. C., DC, USAJob Description <br> Key Responsibilities: Manage end-to-end localization and translation for existing and new products and programs across numerous business models and user interface content for mobile and web apps. Create certainty out of ambiguity and drive the right level of process to ensure timely delivery in an Agile environment. Represent the localization team and communicate requests’ status and risks to stakeholders; Make appropriate trade-offs to optimize delivery. Have a firm grasp on the operational and technical aspects of the localization; Ensure continuous improvement of our workflow for optimal end user success and best-in-class international real estate data & software platform. Support translation memories, terminology databases and style guides; Advocate tools and technologies for smooth operation at scale. Be the voice of the international customer, understanding their needs, and working with product, design,...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> Key Responsibilities: Manage end-to-end localization and translation for existing and new products and programs across numerous business models and user interface content for mobile and web apps. Create certainty out of ambiguity and drive the right level of process to ensure timely delivery in an Agile environment. Represent the localization team and communicate requests’ status and risks to stakeholders; Make appropriate trade-offs to optimize delivery. Have a firm grasp on the operational and technical aspects of the localization; Ensure continuous improvement of our workflow for optimal end user success and best-in-class international real estate data & software platform. Support translation memories, terminology databases and style guides; Advocate tools and technologies for smooth operation at scale. Be the voice of the international customer, understanding their needs, and working with product, design,...Senior Software Engineer - US-CA San DiegoCoStar Group San Diego, CA, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. CoStar’s software developers build products that facilitate 86% of commercial real estate transactions in the United States. These transactions range from a small business owner leasing their first office space to a large multi-national buying a new headquarters campus. On any given day our developers are building products that manage nearly a trillion dollars of potential real estate transactions. As a member of the Global Research Development Team, you will be working on the Enterprise applications our...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. CoStar’s software developers build products that facilitate 86% of commercial real estate transactions in the United States. These transactions range from a small business owner leasing their first office space to a large multi-national buying a new headquarters campus. On any given day our developers are building products that manage nearly a trillion dollars of potential real estate transactions. As a member of the Global Research Development Team, you will be working on the Enterprise applications our...Regional Vice President, LoopNet - Midwest (Chicago) - US-IL ChicagoCoStar Group Chicago, IL, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Regional Vice President, LoopNet - West (LA) - US-CA Los AngelesCoStar Group Los Angeles, CA, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Regional Vice President, LoopNet - Northeast (New York) - US-NY New YorkCoStar Group New York, NY, USAJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018)....Front End Developer - Analytics - US-CA San DiegoCoStar Group San Diego, CA, U.S.Job Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The Analytics team is responsible for the development of CoStar's customer-facing Real Estate Analytics products. We think big, creating innovative data-intensive applications that take the vast amount of data collected by our CoStar Research teams to create a fast, reliable and intuitive analytics platform for our customers. We are a collaborative group with a mix of big data, API/platform and front-end skills, and we are growing rapidly to help invent the future of Real Estate Analytics. We are searching for an...Oct 20, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> OVERVIEW CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. The Analytics team is responsible for the development of CoStar's customer-facing Real Estate Analytics products. We think big, creating innovative data-intensive applications that take the vast amount of data collected by our CoStar Research teams to create a fast, reliable and intuitive analytics platform for our customers. We are a collaborative group with a mix of big data, API/platform and front-end skills, and we are growing rapidly to help invent the future of Real Estate Analytics. We are searching for an...Sales Associate, CoStar – Greenbay, WICoStar Group US-WI Field BasedJob Description <br> CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018). As a CoStar Sales...Oct 19, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> CoStar Group is the world’s leading provider of information and marketing solutions for the Commercial Real Estate industry. We are a NASDAQ listed company with a market cap of over US$30B and sit alongside other notable names such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. As a technology company, we are the trusted partner for all commercial real estate professionals empowering many of the most well-respected landlords, development companies, brokerage firms, banks, lenders, investors and government agencies. We do this by actively researching the commercial real estate markets and providing data, analytics, innovative tools and powerful marketing platforms in the U.S. and Internationally to help our clients transact with one another. CoStar continues to win multiple awards including one of Forbes most innovative companies (2017) and Fortune’s fastest growing companies (2018). As a CoStar Sales...Accounts Receivable Trainer - US-DC Washington DCCoStar Group Washington D. C., DC, USAJob Description <br> CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. At CoStar Group, our finance group centralizes transaction processes, providing accurate reporting, financial resolutions, and proper forecasting analysis. Joining the team offers access to financial specializations, including accounts payable, accounts receivable, cash and asset management, client contracts and billing, and revenue recognition. We are currently seeking an Accounts Receivable Trainer to join our team in our Washington, DC headquarters. The Accounts Receivable Trainer will be responsible for training the account...Oct 19, 2020Full timeJob Description <br> CoStar delivers real-time, verified commercial real estate data that helps clients confidently spot great opportunities and make smart choices ahead of competitors. By combining the power of CoStar’s independent research organization – the industry’s largest – with global data delivery, software, and application solutions, clients can act on opportunities with confidence. At CoStar Group, our finance group centralizes transaction processes, providing accurate reporting, financial resolutions, and proper forecasting analysis. Joining the team offers access to financial specializations, including accounts payable, accounts receivable, cash and asset management, client contracts and billing, and revenue recognition. We are currently seeking an Accounts Receivable Trainer to join our team in our Washington, DC headquarters. The Accounts Receivable Trainer will be responsible for training the account...Load moreHomeContactAboutTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inFacebookTwitterLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
