"Electromechanical Engineering Technologist Knowledge☰HomeAboutContactCategoriesBlogElectromechanical Engineering Technologist KnowledgeHOME | ELECTROMECHANICAL ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGIST KNOWLEDGENeed to get information about electromechanical engineering technologist knowledge? find example about electromechanical engineering technologist knowledge required, feel free to copy electromechanical engineering technologist knowledge.Knowledge for Electromechanical Engineering TechnologistsThe knowledge required for \"electromechanical engineering technologists\" employees are:Engineering and Technology . Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services.Mechanical . Knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, repair, and maintenance.Computers and Electronics . Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming.Physics . Knowledge and prediction of physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and applications to understanding fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics, and mechanical, electrical, atomic and sub- atomic structures and processes.Mathematics . Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.Design . Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models.Production and Processing . Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods.English Language . Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.Clerical . Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology.Public Safety and Security . Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property, and institutions.Customer and Personal Service . Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.Administration and Management . Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources.Chemistry . Knowledge of the chemical composition, structure, and properties of substances and of the chemical processes and transformations that they undergo. This includes uses of chemicals and their interactions, danger signs, production techniques, and disposal methods.Education and Training . Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects.Psychology . Knowledge of human behavior and performance; individual differences in ability, personality, and interests; learning and motivation; psychological research methods; and the assessment and treatment of behavioral and affective disorders.Economics and Accounting . Knowledge of economic and accounting principles and practices, the financial markets, banking and the analysis and reporting of financial data.Communications and Media . Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media.Sales and Marketing . Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales control systems.Building and Construction . Knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of houses, buildings, or other structures such as highways and roads.Transportation . Knowledge of principles and methods for moving people or goods by air, rail, sea, or road, including the relative costs and benefits.Law and Government . Knowledge of laws, legal codes, court procedures, precedents, government regulations, executive orders, agency rules, and the democratic political process.Telecommunications . Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting, switching, control, and operation of telecommunications systems.Sociology and Anthropology . Knowledge of group behavior and dynamics, societal trends and influences, human migrations, ethnicity, cultures and their history and origins.Personnel and Human Resources . Knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel recruitment, selection, training, compensation and benefits, labor relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems.Geography . Knowledge of principles and methods for describing the features of land, sea, and air masses, including their physical characteristics, locations, interrelationships, and distribution of plant, animal, and human life.Foreign Language . Knowledge of the structure and content of a foreign (non-English) language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar, and pronunciation.Philosophy and Theology . Knowledge of different philosophical systems and religions. This includes their basic principles, values, ethics, ways of thinking, customs, practices, and their impact on human culture.History and Archeology . Knowledge of historical events and their causes, indicators, and effects on civilizations and cultures.Therapy and Counseling . Knowledge of principles, methods, and procedures for diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of physical and mental dysfunctions, and for career counseling and guidance.Fine Arts . Knowledge of the theory and techniques required to compose, produce, and perform works of music, dance, visual arts, drama, and sculpture.Biology . Knowledge of plant and animal organisms, their tissues, cells, functions, interdependencies, and interactions with each other and the environment.Food Production . Knowledge of techniques and equipment for planting, growing, and harvesting food products (both plant and animal) for consumption, including storage/handling techniques.Medicine and Dentistry . Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures.The above list of knowledge for electromechanical engineering technologist are free to use, copy and save, or customize per your needs.Back to topRead About »- Retail Trade- Public Relations- Technical Writing- Cloud Architecture- Professional Profile- What is HRM Software- Performance Objectives- Organizational Consulting- Report Types- Team Building- Inventory Control- Recruitment Model- Virtual Communities- Real Estate Agencies- Entrepreneurship Hub- Qualifications Summary- Speech Therapy- Political Science- Educational Quality- Production Planning- Industrial Engineering- Business Management- Executive Search Firms- Roles and Responsibilities- ICT Security- Health Marketing- Supervision Rules- Why Social Networks- The Corporate Identity- Ways to Become Hired- Logistics Administration- How to Impress Your Boss- Formal Style- Smart Farming- Financial Analysis- Promotional Pricing- Lean Manufacturing- Vocational Guidance- Distribution Channels- Computer Aided Design- Direct Selling- Customer Service- Offshore Company- Process Innovation- Personal Leadership- Multimodal Transport- Commercial Accounting- Environmental ConservationMore »Home | Privacy Policy | Terms of UseCopyright 2011 - 2020 - All Rights Reserved"
