"﻿ Job vacancies | V Net - Mandalay Internet Service Provider ﻿﻿Load...Toggle navigationHomeအလုပ္ကုိ ရွာပါ။HR & Career ဆုိင္ရာေဆာင္းပါးမ်ားဝန္ေဆာင္မႈမ်ားအလုပ္မ်ားကိုရွာပါ။ (current)အလုပ္ကမ္းလွမ္းခ်က္မ်ားကုိ လူၾကီးမင္း၏ အီးေမလ္းသို႔CVအသစ္ျပဳလုပ္ျခင္း။Expat jobsCandidate AssessmentExecutive SearchMobile appကုမၸဏီအလုိက္ အလုပ္မ်ားအလုပ္အကုိင္အမ်ိဳးအစားအရ ျမန္မာႏုိင္ငံရွိ ထိပ္တန္း အလုပ္မ်ားျမန္မာႏုိင္ငံတြင္ လက္ရွိ ဝန္ထမ္းခန္႔ေနေသာ ကုမၸဏီမ်ားလုပ္ငန္းရွင္မ်ားအတြက္၀င္ပါ / အလုပ္ရွာေဖြသူအျဖစ္ မွတ္ပံုတင္ျခင္းV Net - Mandalay Internet Service Providerလိပ္စာ28th Street, Bet 84 * 85 St, Chan Aye Thar Zan, Mandalayအလုပ္အမ်ိဳးအစားInformation Technologyဝန္ထမ္းဦးေရ21-50Websitehttps://www.vnet.com.mmဤ company ကုိ Follow လုပ္ပါ။ဤ company ကုိ Follow လုပ္ပါ။ကၽြႏ္ုပ္တုိ႔ ျပဳလုပ္သည့္အရာThe internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that.We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.မည္သည့္အတြက္ ကၽြႏု္ပ္တုိ႔ႏွင့္ လက္တြဲလုပ္သင့္လဲ။So our mission and vision is crystal-clear:Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.လူၾကီးမင္းတုိ႔၏ vision and missionVision and MissionCall us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.အလုပ္လုပ္ရမည့္ပတ္ဝန္းက်င္ႏွင့္ထံုးစံAmbitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days.Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Current opportunitiesBill CollectorCustomer Service & Call Centre jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderYangon Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ2 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	႐ိုးသားၿပီး အက်င့္စာရိတၱ ေကာင္းမြန္သူျဖစ္ရမည္။ •	အသင္းအဖြဲ႕ႏွင့္ပူးေပါင္း လုပ္ကိုင္ႏိုင္ရမည္။Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Yangon Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Customer Service & Call Centre jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Customer Service & Call Centre jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Yangon RegionDoor to Door Sales M/F ( 10)Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT JobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Cityဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ5 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , 200 000 - 500 000 Ks, Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍Achieve growth and hit sales targets Prepare the sales visits by calling prospetive clients Use door to door tactics when necessary Presenting the sales pitch to prospective clients Build and promote strong, long-lasting customer relationships by partnering with them and understanding their needs Design and implement a strategic business plan that expands company’s customer base and ensure it’s strong presence Identify market shifts while being fully aware of new products and competition statu ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Cityအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay CityDoor to Door Sales M/F ( 10)Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT JobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Cityဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ5 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , 200 000 - 500 000 Ks, Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍Achieve growth and hit sales targets Prepare the sales visits by calling prospetive clients Use door to door tactics when necessary Presenting the sales pitch to prospective clients Build and promote strong, long-lasting customer relationships by partnering with them and understanding their needs Design and implement a strategic business plan that expands company’s customer base and ensure it’s strong presence Identify market shifts while being fully aware of new products and competition statu ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Cityအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay CityCustomer Service Engineer M/F (3)IT & Telecoms jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Cityဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ5 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	Monitor Systems: They monitor the performance and capability of computer systems using diversified tools. •	They figure out the malfunctioning of hardware, software, and environmental alerts. When a problem is recognized, NOC Engineers does the root cause analysis •	Troubleshoot Problems: They work to triage or troubleshoot the issues, within their defined areas. NOCs generally have standard operating procedures (SOP) that the NOC engineer will closely follow. •	This may include coordinating with third-party vendors, customer cont ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Cityအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay CitySales Executive M/F ( 10)Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT JobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ6 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , 200 000 - 500 000 Ks, Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍Achieve growth and hit sales targets Prepare the sales visits by calling prospetive clients Use door to door tactics when necessary Presenting the sales pitch to prospective clients Build and promote strong, long-lasting customer relationships by partnering with them and understanding their needs Design and implement a strategic business plan that expands company’s customer base and ensure it’s strong presence Identify market shifts while being fully aware of new products and competition statu ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionNetwork Engineer M (5)IT & Telecoms jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ6 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍. Good communication skill. . Good interpersonal skill. . Can work under pressure.Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionJunior Accountant M/F (1)Accountancy JobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ6 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍- Good communication and interpersonal skill - Long terms relationship with companyVision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Accountancy Jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Accountancy Jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionCustomer ServiceCustomer Service & Call Centre jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Cityဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ48 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍-Mainly answer phone calls professionally and handle customer complaints(Both technical ans non-technical), provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits and follow up the ensure resolution keep phone call records exactly and timely with excel and report to relevant department daily,weekly and monthly via mail at every morning . -Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies -To do tasks given by Supervisor, Manager and others immediate duties depend on conditionVision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Cityအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Customer Service & Call Centre jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Customer Service & Call Centre jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay CitySales DirectorSales & Business Development jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ48 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	Own and hit/exceed annual sales targets •	Develop and execute strategic plan to achieve sales targets and expand our customer base •	Build and maintain strong, long-lasting customer relationships •	Effectively communicate the value proposition through proposals and presentations •	Understand category-specific landscapes and trends •	Increases management's effectiveness by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, coaching, counseling, and disciplining managers; communicating values, strategies, and objectives; assigning acc ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales & Business Development jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales & Business Development jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionSales ManagerSales - Engineer/Tech/IT JobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ48 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , 500 000 - 2 000 000 Ks, Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍• Development of Sales and Service business plans & objectives • Direct oversight of all sales and service activities • Direct interface with Customers • Introduction of products & services through presentations, seminars and direct calls • 3 to 4 years experience in Sales • Good Customer Relations • Knowledge of Sales Techniques • Good Personality • Team Player • Analytical skills to interpret sales performance and market trend information • Fluent in English: Verbal and WritingVision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Sales - Engineer/Tech/IT Jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionFiber TechnicianIT & Telecoms jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ107 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	Conducing site survey for telecom installation •	Sending site photos, site information to team leader/supervisor for site survey report •	Conducting Cabinet installation, DC connection, Fiber connection and Alternating Current Power Distribution Box (ACPDB) installation, according to standard installation guideline under the supervision of Team Leader •	Good communication and negotiation skills.Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionFiber NOC Manager M/F (1)IT & Telecoms jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ107 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , 500 000 - 2 000 000 Ks, Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	Responsible for NOC and managing Fiber Team including infrastructure and operation activities to deliver the results what is set up by Management Team •	Responsible for daily operations including stock management, SOP set up by companies for technicians and recommendation for stock purchasing. •	Responsible for technical Documentation Procedures and Filing Documents for Fiber Projects •	Manage Fiber Teams and Responsible for communication with Third Parties, Suppliers for Connectivity •	Responsible for Stock Management includi ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionFiber TechnicianIT & Telecoms jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ244 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	Conducing site survey for telecom installation •	Sending site photos, site information to team leader/supervisor for site survey report •	Conducting Cabinet installation, DC connection, Fiber connection and Alternating Current Power Distribution Box (ACPDB) installation, according to standard installation guideline under the supervision of Team Leader •	Good communication and negotiation skills.Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား IT & Telecoms jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay RegionTIPCEO M/F (1)Business Management JobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderYangon (Rangoon)ဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ281 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍-Developing high quality business strategies and plans ensuring their alignment with short-term and long-term objectives -Leading and motivating subordinates to advance employee engagement develop a high performing managerial team - Overseeing all operations and business activities to ensure they produce the desired results and are consistent with the overall strategy and mission -Make high-quality investing decisions to advance the business and increase profits -Enforce adherence to legal guidelines and in-house policies to maintain the co ...Vision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Yangon (Rangoon)အမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Business Management Jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Business Management Jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Yangon (Rangoon)Digital MarketingMedia,Digital & Creative jobsV Net - Mandalay Internet Service ProviderMandalay Regionဒီမွာ ၾကည့္ပါ284 ေန႔မ်ား, အခ်ိန္ၿပည့္ , Information Technologyအလုပ္ေဖာ္ျပခ်က္ကုမၸဏီပို၍•	Create digital marketing campaigns •	Analyze market research and plan promotions •	Provide creative ideas for content marketingVision and Mission Call us rebels, but we strongly believe every home and business in Myanmar should have fast, affordable and reliable access to the internet. No compromise, no barriers, no fuss.So our mission and vision is crystal-clear: Affordable 10 Mgbs Fiber or Wireless Internet to all Myanmar households and enterprices.The internet in Myanmar kinda sucks and we want to fix that. We want it uncapped, unlimited and friendlier than ever. We’re calling it the Internet Revolution, and we want you with us as we challenge our industry and work towards a better—and faster—and cheaper tomorrow.Ambitious? Absolutely. We’re re-thinking, re-wiring and re-imagining the internet for homes and businesses and schools and hospitals in Mandalay and Mandalay region these days. Join us and find out how great the internet can be.Similar adsေနရာေဒသအလုိက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Mandalay Regionအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Media,Digital & Creative jobsအမ်ိဳးအစားအလိုက္ အလုပ္ေၾကာ္ျငာမ်ား Media,Digital & Creative jobs ႏွင့္ ေနရာေဒသရွိ Mandalay Regionျမန္မာႏုိင္ငံရွိ အလုပ္မာ်းကုိ ေအာင္ပါနည္းမ်ားျဖင့္ ရွာပါ။JOB CATEGORYJOB CATEGORYSales & Marketing JobsAccountancy JobsEngineering & Technical jobsAdmin, Secretarial & PA jobsLogistics & Supply Chain JobsMarketing & PR jobsHR,Training & Recruitment jobsပိုမိုေသာ အလုပ္မ်ားကုိ ၾကည့္ပါ။ေနရာအလုိက္ အလုပ္မ်ားေနရာအလုိက္ အလုပ္မ်ားWork in Yangon (Rangoon)(3308)Work in ရန္ကုန္တိုင္းေဒသၾကီး(896)Work in မႏၱေလးတိုင္းေဒသၾကီး(289)Work in ပဲခူးတိုင္းေဒသၾကီး(87)Work in မႏၱေလးၿမိဳ႔(75)Work in ရွမ္းၿပည္နယ္(57)Work in မေကြးတိုင္းေဒသၾကီး(42)ပိုမိုေသာ အလုပ္မ်ားကုိ ၾကည့္ပါ။ကုမၸဏီအလုိက္ အလုပ္မ်ားကုမၸဏီအလုိက္ အလုပ္မ်ားDagon Glory Co., Ltd.(536)Global Technology Co., Ltd (Global Net...(67)Trust Venture Partners Co., Ltd(43)Phyo Pyae Sone Myanmar Co.,Ltd(40)Nilar Group Of Companies(38)Lan Thit Innovation Co., Ltd(38)Pocari Sweat(24)ပိုမိုေသာ အလုပ္မ်ားကုိ ၾကည့္ပါ။﻿ကၽြႏု္ပ္တို႔သည္ ဘယ္သူလဲ၊Jobsinyangon.comသည္ ျမန္မာႏုိင္ငံ၏ အလုပ္အကုိင္ ရွာေဖြေရးဆိုဒ္တြင္ ဦးေဆာင္ေနပါသည္။ Jobsinyangon.comသည္ ျမန္မာေစ်းကြက္တြင္ အလုပ္အကုိင္ႏွင့္ပက္သက္ျပီး အၾကီးမားဆံုးႏွင့္ အေကာင္းဆံုး အလုပ္မ်ားကိုလည္း ကမ္းလွမ္း ထားျပီး ျမန္မာႏုိင္ငံတြင္ ထိပ္တန္းဝင္အရည္အခ်င္းရွိသာ ဝန္ထမ္းမ်ားကိုrecruiter မ်ားရွာေေဖြႏုိင္ရန္ကူညီေပးလ်က္ ရွိပါသည္။ Jobsinyangon.comသည္ျမန္မာနုိင္ငံရွိကုမၸဏီမ်ား အားလံုးမွHR Managerမ်ား၊ Recruiter မ်ား အလုပ္မ်ားကို အင္တာနက္တြက္တင္ရန္၊ အလုပ္ေလွ်ာက္ထားသူမ်ားကို စီမံခန္႔ခြဲႏိုင္ရန္ႏွင့္ ဝန္ထမ္းခန္႔ရာတြင္ မွန္ကန္ေသာဆံုးျဖတ္ခ်က္မ်ား ခ်ႏုိင္ရန္အတြက္ ကူညီေပးေနေသာJob Board တစ္ခုလည္းျဖစ္ပါသည္။ ထုိ႔အျပင္ ျမန္မာနုိင္ငံရွိ အလုပ္ရွာေဖြသူမ်ားသည္ ရန္ကုန္ႏွင့္ အျခားေသာျမိဳ႕မ်ားရွိ အလုပ္မ်ားကုိ www.jobsinyangon.com or www.jobless.com.mm တြင္ လြယ္ကူစြာ ရွာႏုိင္ျပီး ေလွ်ာက္ထားႏုိင္ပါသည္။ အြန္လုိင္းရွိ အလုပ္မ်ားကုိ ရွာေဖြႏုိင္ျပီး ၄င္းကုိ Roger Quest International ၏ Branch ျဖစ္ေသာ Executive Search မွ စီစဥ္ျပဳလုပ္ပါသည္။အလုပ္ရွာေဖြသူမ်ားအလုပ္ရွာေဖြသူအျဖစ္ မွတ္ပံုတင္ျခင္းသင္၏CV ကိုဖန္တီးပါအလုပ္မ်ားကို အီးေမလ္ျဖင့္Roger Quest Int.လုပ္ငန္းရွင္မ်ားကုမၸဏီ မွတ္ပံုတင္ျခင္းFAQCandidates AssessmentExecutive searchAffiliateAdvertisingMyJobooYangonjobseekerMyanmar Expatjobsကၽြႏု္ပ္တို႕အေၾကာင္းသတင္းမ်ားသီးသန္႔မူ၀ါဒအသံုးျပဳပံု စည္းမ်ဥ္းကၽြႏု္ပ္တို႕အေၾကာင္းဆက္သြယ္ရန္ကၽြနု္ပ္တုိ႔ႏွင့္ အျမဲဆက္သြယ္ပါ။09421588394, 09421588435info@jobsinyangon.comOfficeRoger Quest International Co., LtdNo. (54/56), 2 Quater, 3rd Floor(Left), Mibayeikmon Condo, (53) StreetPazudaung TownshipYangonCopyright © Roger Quest International Co., Ltd . All rights reserved. SitelinkXOnline တြင္ CV ကုိ ဖန္တီးပါRegister your CVonline in 3 minutesSearch thousands jobs every dayGet job alerts right to your mailDownload Job mobile AppSign INမွတ္ပံုတင္ပါ(သို႔) စာရင္းသြင္းပါ။မျပပါနဲ႔။"
