"Millions Face Loss Of Jobless Benefits As Trump Withholds Signature On Relief Bill – CPA News TodayMenuHomePPP Loan and Creative FundingBlogMillions Face Loss Of Jobless Benefits As Trump Withholds Signature On Relief BillDecember 26, 2020| No CommentsJobless benefits that were expanded for millions of Americans earlier this year in response to the coronavirus pandemic were on the brink of expiring Saturday, as President Trump renewed his criticism of a recently-passed $900 billion relief package that includes an extension of federal unemployment assistance.President Trump caught Washington by surprise this week with his criticism of the relief bill, which also includes a $300 per week supplement to state jobless benefits for those who lost their jobs due to the pandemic. The relief package passed Congress with bipartisan support on Monday following months of negotiations, but on Tuesday the president deemed the measure a “disgrace.”Trump’s main point of contention with the bipartisan bill — which was negotiated in part by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin — is the size of payouts allotted for individuals. The bill includes direct stimulus checks of as much as $600 for Americans who meet certain income thresholds, but Trump has insisted that amount was too little. He is demanding Americans receive a check for $2,000 instead.“I simply want to get our great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. Also, stop the billions of dollars in ‘pork’,” the president tweeted Saturday.I simply want to get our great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. Also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 26, 2020Trump left Washington this week without signing the measure, though the legislation was sent to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. From there, the president continued to assail the bill throughout the Christmas holiday and into the weekend.The delay has not only threatened to plunge millions deeper into economic uncertainty. It has also moved the government closer to a shutdown, with the fate of an attached spending measure of $1.4 trillion also in jeopardy.Trump’s objection to the bill did, however, find a friendly audience with House Democrats, who attempted to pass an increase in the payments to $2,000 on Thursday. But that effort was blocked by House Republicans.The additional jobless benefits became a crucial financial lifeline for many Americans following passage in March as part of the CARES act. Millions lost their jobs as a result of the pandemic, and while many have have since gone back to work, unemployment remains high. The week before Congress passed the relief package, initial claims for unemployment insurance stood at more than 800,000.On Saturday, President-elect Biden issued a statement calling Trump’s delay in signing the measure an “abdication of responsibility.”“It’s the day after Christmas, and millions of families don’t know if they’ll be able to make ends meet because of President Donald Trump’s refusal to sign an economic relief bill approved by congress with an overwhelming and bipartisan majority,” Biden said.The president-elect went on to note that further delay on Trump signing the measure could end an eviction moratorium and halt much-needed aid to small business owners hit hard by the pandemic. Furthermore, the president-elect warned of dire effects if a government shutdown were allowed to happen.“This bill is critical. It needs to be signed into law now,” Biden said.While it is unclear if Trump will eventually sign the measure, it also unclear if he will veto it. If he does so, Congress would have enough votes to override.NPR’s Jim Zarroli contributed to this report.Covid-19Post navigation← How to Live with Our Human Limitations: Physicist Brian Greene Reads and Reflects on Rilke’s Profoundest ElegyJobless Benefits Lapse For Millions As Trump Withholds Signature On Relief Bill →Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Recent PostsICU Nurse Says Careless Attitudes Around COVID-19 Are ‘A Slap In The Face’Weatherby Healthcare names new president, other executive changesHow to Let Go of the Need to Control People and LifeThe Blue Hour: A Stunning Illustrated Celebration of Nature’s Rarest ColorAs COVID-19 Ravages His Force, LAPD Chief Looks To Boost Confidence In VaccineRecent CommentsCategoriesAccounting (15)Business (165)Covid-19 (1,009)Healthcare (4,349)Personal Development (1,497)Stock Market (798)Technology (8)Copyright © 2020. All rights reserved"
