"Job Detail from Paralegal Resource Center, Inc. Denver, ColoradoHOMEOUR COMPANYEMPLOYERSCANDIDATESJOB POSTINGSWHAT’S NEWJob Details from Paralegal Resource Center, Inc. Denver, ColoradoJob Title: Junior Corporate/Compliance Paralegal Category: ParalegalDuration: Permanent Salary: $$50-$60KLocation City: Arvada Zip: 80001Requirements: Our client, a corporation located in Arvada, CO, is looking to add a corporate/compliance paralegal to their legal team. They are a medical distribution company and though as a paralegal, candidates don't need to have experience in the medical field, work with pharmacy or medical related licensing would be very beneficial. We are looking for a corporate/compliance paralegal with 2-6 years of experience working in-house or in a law firm. Duties include, but are not limited to: * Preparing applications and renewals for licensing applications; * Tracking the status of the applications; * Assisting in the creation of a contract management system and inputting existing contracts into the system; * Assisting the GC in organizing and creating systems to ensure that agreements implemented are uniform whenever possible; * Assisting the Head of Analytics and the Head of Purchasing as needed; and * Assisting on other projects as they arise. The right person will be extremely organized and have the ability to juggle and coordinate multiple projects at a given time. This position will be working on site and our client offers a safe space with the ability to social distance. Salary range is $50-$60K. If you are self-motivated and an independent worker, please submit your resume for immediate consideration. If your background is a fit for this position we will call you to provide more details. Paralegal Resource Center, Inc. has been providing legal staffing assistance to the Denver legal community since 1986! We specialize in the staffing of attorneys, paralegals, secretaries, contract administrators and managers, and executive assistants. Please visit our website at www.prcdenver.com for more postings.​​​Send Your Resume and Fill Out Job ApplicationPREMIER PARTNER“PRC solves our legal staffing problems...the quality of the temporary legal staff that they have provided has been outstanding.”Darby C. MullerManager Legal SupportLockheed Martin Space Systems CompanyContact PRC:Paralegal Resource Center, Inc.410 17th Street - Suite 275Denver, CO 80202Phone: 303-572-3930Fax: 303-572-3037info@prcdenver.com© 2007-2021 Paralegal Resource Center, Inc. This web site was created by Alexander Smith Design and Shere Chamness/REALART | XML Feedwww.ColoradoLegalStaffing.com | www.PRCDenver.com | Paralegal Resource Center, Inc. | Copyright 2007-2021 | 303-572-3930 | 410 17th Street, Suite 1375, Denver, CO 80202"
