"TGCI 72: Quitting his job to invest in campgrounds, homeschooling kids and much more! - The Gold Collar InvestorGive us 5 stars review on iTunesSubscribeSearch for:HomeAboutStart HerePodcastBlogGCI BankingContactJoin Gold Collar Investor ClubGive us 5 stars review on iTunesSubscribeHomeAboutStart HereBlogGCI BankingPodcastContact UsJoin Gold Collar Investor ClubTGCI 72: Quitting his job to invest in campgrounds, homeschooling kids and much more!November 9, 2020 podcast 0 Comments0.75x1x1.25x1.5x2x0:0045:09TGCI 72: Quitting his job to invest in campgrounds, homeschooling kids and much more!Apple PodcastsGoogle PodcastsStitcherSpotifySoundCloudSubscribe on AndroidSubscribe via RSSMore Subscriber OptionsShareLeave a ReviewListen in a New WindowDownloadPlayer EmbedTop 6 Reasons To Invest Outside of Wall StreetDownload this free e-book to find out why it's critical to your financial success and what the alternatives are.I have read and agreed to your Privacy Policy.Episode 72: Quitting his job to invest in campgrounds, homeschooling kids and much more!SummaryIn today’s show, Pancham interviews Dave and Regina Fabry, expert in campgrounds and investing in campgrounds. They are also the founder of the outdoor hospitality investments Campfire Properties.Both Dave and Regina were part of the corporate world when they decided to start a new beginning in campground investing. They left their high-paying jobs and sold their primary house to explore new campgrounds and get to do what they love most – travelling.In today’s show, Dave and Regina will share their adventures on why they decided to started campground investing, how homeschooling has helped their kids and how the right time to invest in campgrounds is now. If you’re having doubts on why you should invest in campgrounds, listen to this episode to guide you! Enjoy!Pancham GuptaDave and Regina FabryTune in to this show and enjoy!Timestamped Shownotes:2:54 – Pancham welcomes Dave and Regina to the show3:51 – Their background and why they decided to do campground investing6:05 – Their mindset when they decided to do campground investing13:12 – Privileges of homeschooling their children18:14 – What campgrounds is all about22:31 – How they earn profits in campground investing29:34 – Major differences of campground investing from others34:58 – Taking the Leap Round34:58 – The first time they invested outside Wall Street35:59 – Fears they overcame when they first invested outside Wall Street38:16 – One investment that did not go as expected41:48 – One piece of advice they would give to someone who wants to invest in the Main Street42:58 – Their contact information3 Key Points:Understanding the basics of campground investingMajor benefits on homeschooling their kidsDifferences between campground investing and other property investingGet in Touch:Campfire Properties Email – campfire@thegoldcollarinvestor.comCampfire Properties Website – https://campfireproperties.com/Pancham Gupta Email – p@thegoldcollarinvestor.comDownload free report on top 6 reasons to invest outside of wall-street: https://thegoldcollarinvestor.com/download/Books:Rich Dad Poor Dad: What the Rich Teach Their Kids About Money That the Poor and Middle Class Do Not! by Robert T. Kiyosaki – https://www.amazon.com/Rich-Dad-Poor-Teach-Middle/dp/1612680194Read Full TranscriptIntroductionWelcome to The Gold Collar Investor Podcast with your host, Pancham Gupta. This podcast is dedicated to helping high-paid professionals to break out of Wall Street investments and create multiple income streams. Here is your host, Pancham Gupta.Hi, this is Joe Fairless. If you wanna diversify out of Wall Street investments, then listen to The Gold Collar Investor Podcast.Hey, this is Mauricio Rauld, founder and CEO of Premier Law Group and if you are serious about investing in real estate, listen to The Gold Collar Investor podcast with Pancham Gupta.Pancham: Welcome to The Gold Collar Investor podcast. This is your host, Pancham. I reallyappreciate you for tuning in today. Let’s get into today’s show. For the last six months or so, we havenot traveled much. We had a trip planned to Spain but we had to cancel because of COVID-19situation. Since then I have not traveled either for business or vacation. There are many people in thissituation, a lot of people are not ready to pack their bags and trust to stay in hotels or Airbnbs yet.But what if you take the hotel room with you? That is right. Taking the hotel room with you. What ifyou can rent the RVs and go to different places and then park your RV at a nice camp ground which isexactly like a hotel but you’re staying in your own room which is the RV. You can clean the RV prior todeparture as per your liking and take a trip. Believe it or not, if you Google you will see RV rentals andsales have been on the rise. It’s hard to rent an RV as all the places are out of stock. I personally canattest to this as we have tried to plan an RV trip multiple times and failed to find one for our datesand we had like four families, separate families wanted to travel together and we couldn’t find fourRVs at one location and not even in our whole state of New York. So, much before COVID though myfriends, Dave and Regina have been a fan of this asset class that is camp grounds, so much so thatDave left his high paying job to invest in the camp grounds full time. Dave was heading the entireNorth American business of European company. If that was not enough, they even sold their primaryhouse to travel in an RV with their kids who they homeschooled to explore the country and live oncamp grounds. This way they get to check out new camp grounds and then also at the same time getto do what they love most which is buying and investing in camp grounds. I have the pleasure ofinterviewing both Dave and Regina today on this podcast. So, I’m super excited today to bring on myfriends Dave and Regina here who are an expert at camp grounds and investing in camp grounds andwe are going to learn about this amazing asset class. Dave and Regina, welcome to the show.Dave: Hi, Pancham and thanks for having us here to share our story with your listeners.Regina: Hi, Pancham. Thank you.Pancham: Thank you for taking time and coming on. Before we get started, are you ready to fire upmy listeners break out of Wall Street investments?Regina: Absolutely.Dave: Let’s do it.Pancham: Let’s do it. All right, so Dave, I know that you had a very high paying job and in fact youwere managing all of North America, you know, I want to get into and then you quit your job, so Iwanna get into that story. Before we get into that, can you tell our listeners about your backgroundand the person behind that background?Dave: Sure. I went to college for computer science and wasn’t a serious student about that and duringone of the summers my brother broke his ankle playing like softball so I had to help out at a machineshop that he was working in, so that was my entrance into the manufacturing industry. And fromthere over the course of about 25 years I worked in various different roles and ultimately after thelast 15 years…Regina: 16.Pancham: 16.Dave: About 18, sorry, last 18 years, for the last 18 years of my career I managed the manufacturingcompany. It was a manufacture and over the course of that time we grew that business from fiveemployees and around 5 million dollars in revenue to or actually was 5 employees when I started, it’s125 employees when I finished and about 15 million dollars in revenue.Pancham: Wow.Dave: And I left that company last summer and my wife Regina and our two sons hopped into a motorhome and we spent about three and a half to four months traveling the western US.Pancham: Wow. That’s great. And how about you Regina, what’s your background?Regina: Well professionally I was involved in sales and marketing and when we had children, I stayedhome with the boys and as life happened there were challenges that we faced and so out of necessityI became a homeschool parent and that started our journey then homeschooling now for—we’re onour 10 th year.Pancham: Wow. We wanna get into that actually, you know, I was completely fascinated by the factthat you’ve been homeschooling your kids for a very long time. Now, given that we are in the middlepandemic, I’ve heard many people start to talk about this and it was not even a topic of discussionbefore and we wanna get into that story. So, before we do that so Dave like going back to, you know,you had built this company from five people to 125 people, from a 5-million dollar revenue to like 50-million dollar revenue when you left for 18 years and you’re living in a motor home and you know,you’re investing in camp grounds and searching and hunting for camp grounds while you’re living inone of them like as you’re traveling, how has that transitioned then? It has been over a year now Ibelieve is that right?Dave: Yeah. So, it was last July, so it’s been a year and a month.Pancham: Year and a month and a lot has happened since then. We have had COVID-19 situation.Dave: Right.Pancham: So, tell our listeners about the mindset that you had to go through to number one, quityour job and second, how it has been since you’ve quit.Dave: Sure. So, I’ll kinda step back a little bit and then kinda set the stage for why we decided to dothat and as a lot of your listeners have probably experienced back in ‘08 and ‘09 looking at our 401(k)balance just, you know, falling off a cliff and not knowing what the future held, it’s pretty scary timeof, you know, back then I figured there had to be something in it, there had to be something better,something that was more—something that I could control better for our family and for our future andso Regina gave me the little purple book the, you know, Rich Dad Poor Dad. I read that and I was allin. I was okay, real estate, yeah, let’s do that.Pancham: What year was that? Do you remember?Dave: 2011 maybe, I think it was maybe around 2011, yeah, because I think that’s when I firststarted—we live around at a bunch of different asset classes, you know, single family homes and if I’mgonna make the numbers work to do like an income replacement, right? We talked about me leavingthe position, you know, I said okay what happens if I lose my job? I don’t have anything else, youknow, beyond that. I’m trying to think about an income replacement, you know, it would take a wholelot of single family homes to do that. So, we started looking at other asset classes, self-storage, carwashes, multifamily, I know that you’re highly involved in multifamily and one of the things that wereally love to do is to travel and to go stay at camp grounds, be with nature. We firmly believe in thehealth aspects of being in nature and so we thought, well, okay, can this work as an investment? Youknow, we started looking at, you know, privately owned camp grounds that are out there and most ofthose are job for the people that own them but did you tell me…Regina: I told him he wasn’t trying to get a job.Dave: So you know, that was the, okay, can we do it? Can we invest, you know, more or lesspassively? So, in 2014 we bought our first camp ground while I was still working and you know, one ofthe challenges there is as you know, Pancham was to try and build a second form of income or build abusiness while you’re working full time, it’s a bit of a challenge but we got the right managementteam, we built a property manager team, they work at the camp ground the first couple of years andlearn the business so that we could apply those knowledge to expanding that—expanding ourportfolio for camp grounds.Pancham: Got it. What year you started investing in camp grounds?Dave: It was 2014.Pancham: 2014 and it was until 2019 you had not quit, right? So, five years from that point on whenyou ultimately quit. So, was it hard for you? What was the mindset behind like what—did you have toget external help to, you know, it’s very hard to get rid of this stable income that especially not highpaying income and you’re at a very high level position, right? How was it to get away from that toactually going full time, the decision making process?Dave: Right. Well, you know, I looked at, you know, from a number of standpoints, you know, howwas it gonna impact our family, right? We anticipated and we knew that we were going to have adrop in income, you know, what I was making. I built this, you know, this business for somebody elsefor 20 years, how was my leaving going to impact, you know, that business, those employees so Iwanted to make sure that transition was going to be I won’t say easy but easier for the right things inplace, for the right people in place and then you know, taking that leap and you know, it was to behonest it was supposed to happen what 2016, 2017 I mean there was a bit of hanging on there butwhat I realized is that if I didn’t, you know, I would still be stuck building that business for somebodyelse rather than building a business for us and our family.Pancham: Great point there. And Regina like I’m sure you guys are talking all this time, what was yourmindset all this time, you know, you were thinking or there was thinking of getting out of thecorporate world?Regina: What I will say in the beginning I was much more excited and like he said it was to leave a bitlonger than we thought so I was really excited at first I believe that when you do the one thing or youfocus you’re gonna have more success. We weren’t able to acquire and move as quickly as we wouldhave liked and so that, you know, that’s part of why he needed to go ahead and move on out of thejob because in order to scale and get where our plans have been we needed time to focus. We haveour management team in place, but we are really the ones who break apart the financial parts of it Iguess, you know, Dave as I call him my spreadsheet geek.Dave: I like the numbers.Regina: He’s always in the spreadsheet to the point my eyes bleeds over sometimes, but we reallyneeded, you know, some more time and energy and to be fair to both businesses and like Dave saidhe was very, very contentious about the company he was working for and so again the day-to-day ourmanagement team and that we built around it is fantastic but if we wanted to grow this and get to apoint where we are replacing his income it made less sense for him to stay there and hold on than tojust let go and take off.Pancham: Letting go is very, very hard and I can speak from my personal experience. I actually had tohire external help to do it and kudos to you and Regina to be able to do it by yourself and not needingexternal help, so that’s great. So now, you know, Regina you mentioned in the very beginning thatyou’ve been homeschooling your kids for a long time and you had to quit your professional career andtaking care of your kids, tell us about that journey, how that has been and how has that transpiredand what would you say that, you know, if you were to do this all over again, would you do it thesame way?Regina: So, you know, I think I came to homeschooling out of necessity it wasn’t really a choice, thatwasn’t intentional. I didn’t start out saying I’m a homeschool mom and this is how we are going. Itwas out of necessity to manage one of our children’s health concerns, brought the kids home and Iloved certain aspects of it for instance really following the child. If you have somebody who isstruggling in an area, you have time and the energy to focus there and help bring them up and not becaught in a grade level if you will. If your children excel and love our children excel to science andmath, you know, you can work one to two grade levels ahead, you could work fast and that has beena benefit too. As we homeschool, you know, I found that it allowed us to travel when other peopleweren’t traveling and allowed us to school throughout the year which for me is a bonus if you take,you know, many shorter breaks versus 3-month pause in the summer where you actually lose themomentum that you’ve built.Pancham: Right. And how old are your kids now?Regina: They are now 15 and 18, so we have one that graduated high school, woo-hoo!Pancham: Yey! So, how did they take it like, you know, in terms of getting homeschooled and when itcomes to whether it’s interacting socially and being with the kids in the school and all that like how isthat when you’re homeschooling?Regina: So, my oldest was in 4 th grade and so he came home for 5 th grade and my youngest was inkindergarten, he came home for 1 st . They both handled it differently. I will tell you neither of themwanted to go back into the school system. I’ve tried to encourage one of them who is much moresocial towards that, you know, maybe a hybrid school or something like that at times. They’ve beenvery involved in athletics. They were both hockey players so it’s not as if they didn’t have interaction,it’s not as if we weren’t—there’s tutorials that you participate in or a lot of homeschool participate inand we took advantage of those as well, so I don’t think from a social standpoint they really struggledtoo much.Dave: Yeah. And I think, you know, one of the great benefits that we had and Regina is that being ableto travel with our boys. So, we like to attend to a lot of the conferences and that sort of thing, one ofReal Estate Guys conferences, there’s Summit at Sea. We want to go on that to be around otherpeople that are doing great, you know, great things so we will bring the boys with us and they wouldnot necessarily participate in some of the conferences but at the very least they would come down todinner and you know, what a great exposure to have, you know, have them around, you know, allthose smart successful people be able to interact with adults in a business environment, business-likeenvironment and to listen in those conversations I mean so those are some of the things that youcan’t get in a traditional school. You can’t get the exposure to those when we take them on theSummit at Sea cruise and they love to go to the sessions. They love to listen to Peter Schiff talk I meanthat’s one of the highlights of their trip. It’s understandable that they love listening because it’senergetic and such an amazing wealth of information.Pancham: Right. So you know, I think that is one big thing that I actually miss that I really want mykids to go to these conferences. Now, that we are in the middle of COVID-19, it’s not really happeningthat much but I was missing that part that I really want my kids to go but because of the school, theycannot go and for the listeners who don’t know Summit at Sea is actually a conference which happenson a cruise ship and it’s put together by real estate guys and a lot of celebrity authorities come there,talk leaders come there, you know, that’s where me and Dave also hangout together last year. It wasgreat. So thank you for sharing that and you know, I want to switch gears. There’s a lot there I want toget in but I want to also talk about camp grounds, your experience and living in a motor home sinceyou’ve quit. So, let’s talk about camp grounds. For a person who doesn’t know like even myself like Ithink RV parks which is recreational vehicles, you know, you rent an RV, you will go to RV park andyou hook up your RV and you have fun for a couple of nights and come home, right?Dave: Yup.Pancham: That versus let’s say a camp ground like what’s a difference and what is a camp groundreally, how would you explain it?Dave: So, if you look at a recreational vehicle, there’s a number of places where you can go to parkthat, I mean you can go to a state park and stay there, you can go to a Walmart parking lot and staythere. You go down by the ocean and you know, as long as it is legal to park there and spent sometime. We invest in privately held, privately owned camp grounds and I guess that you know, there’ssome delineation between an RV park and a camp ground, camp grounds typically will alsoincorporate like tents. RV parks are sometimes associated with like workforce housing. So, if you go tothe oil field in Texas or Louisiana where there’s a, you know, high need for short-term workforcehousing, you can build an RV park and that’s the purpose. It’s not necessarily somewhere thatsomebody is going to go to for recreation. So, we look for camp grounds that are in beautifullocations, but we don’t wanna have to provide all the services that, you know, bring people to us. Sowe like to be, you know, we have one in Utah. So then Utah, we have one in Southern Colorado thatreally beautiful locations that people are going to come to and they would come there regardless ifwe have our camp ground there or not.Pancham: Right. Okay. So, if I were to summarize what you just said real quick, if you have an RV andyou could like you said you can go park anywhere and have fun and one of those places could be acamp ground where you can go and hook up, but you know, there are RV parks where workforcehousing for the lack of housing in that area or whatever are the reason, they create those parks whereyou can go and live on those RVs as your like home for the workforce housing. So those are the parkswhich are more of a necessity for workforce housing and then we have camp grounds which are moreon like discretionary spending where people actually go and have fun and you know, like I’m actuallywe are recording this end of August and you know, I’m actually going on my very first RV trip to acamp ground which we are renting the site up in Lake George, New York so that particular campground has everything on it like it has a swimming pool, it has a playground, it has like you name it, ithas all the amenities that you can think of that you would find in a 5-star hotel and it has a lake,there’s a boating like all those things. So, that is something that you are investing, right? Like that’s acamp ground.Dave: Exactly.Pancham: You can go there in a car or in an RV or you can go walking, right?Dave: Yeah.Pancham: Either way you are actually going there to have fun, do camping and stay. Is that a fairsummary?Dave: Yeah, that’s exactly right. Yeah.Regina: It’s great.Dave: And you know I suspect that that camp ground that you are going to is probably similar to, youknow, the type of parks that we own, you know, there’s RV site, there’s tent site, they probably havecabins available.Pancham: Exactly.Dave: They might have, you know, like what they call glamping tents like a safari tent with beds andstuff or might have—one of our parks has TVs so I guess you can come and stay in, you know,something more native to the area.Pancham: Right. So, yeah, this serve all different kinds of people. People who are going there in a car,they can potentially stay in a cabin or you know, in a glamping site and all those settings, right?Dave: Yeah.Pancham: So, yeah, I don’t know whether they have a glamping there, but I definitely know they havecabins and RVs to rent there where they can stay or you can go to a hook up. Okay, great. So, that’sawesome. Let’s talk about how do you make money in this business like how, you know, I knowmultifamily where you provide something that people really need and it’s one of the basic humanneeds for housing and they pay rent and we take care of all the expenses and at the end of the daywhatever is left after paying the mortgage is something that we make as income, right? So how doesit work in the camping site? I’m sure it’s similar but I’m sure there are a lot of nuances to it. So, Reginayou wanna talk about that?Regina: Basically, we like to refer ourselves as a little bit of a dirt hotel. So, there are plenty ofrevenue streams that come in from a camp ground whether it’s an RV site, a cabin or a place whereyou could put your tent, you’re gonna have usually a store and like you that should pull some otheractivities there but you’re renting by the night. I’ve actually heard people say, you know, it’s like adoor. We have so many spaces and there’s different levels of amenities people will look for, youknow, electricity, water to the site. Do they wanna pull through which makes it really simpleespecially for those newbies to come in or favorites to come in and pull out, not having to worry.Pancham: Yeah, okay. So I guess there are all of these different revenue streams you have like, youknow, which is catering to people who have different needs like a newbie versus someone who hasexperience, someone who wants to go fishing versus you know, renting out like the one where we aregoing there you can rent out bikes from them and you know that’s another revenue stream. So all ofthese revenue streams that you have and then obviously you have expenses, the upkeep of the parkand all that, my thought process is that at least here in New York that during wintertime not manypeople go there or maybe they are not even open, I don’t know that for a fact that’s just myjudgement or my thinking so this is very seasonal in nature, right? Typically, what would you say itdepends on the park but what would you say is that you need to get to occupancy level where youstart like breaking even or making money?Dave: I would think that’s gonna be, you know, park specific and you know, based on a financialmodel of the individual camp ground and you know, the finances associated with it, part of it youknow, the hotel model. Hotels don’t live at an occupancy like your multifamily. So now you’ve got 12-month leases with your tenants. We have nightly leases with our guest. We can really, you know,adjust the rate based on the time of year in order to make more revenue during the peak season asopposed to shoulder season and so our occupancy, you know, you asked about occupancy, theoccupancy ranges over, you know, over the course of the season, our big time is between MemorialDay and Labor Day and there’s, you know, a number of times, you know, even in the age of COVIDthis year, where we’ve been fully booked and you know, that’s been encouraging and maybe to touchon that just a little bit-Pancham: Yeah, please.Dave: -COVID has driven a little bit of the urge for people to get outdoors, you know, you’ve beencooped up in your home for three months and you wanna get out and see nature, actually now fivemonths and what a great way to do that and to take your home with you, right? So you get into an RVand you go and you don’t have to, you know, interact, you can, you can interact with your neighbor,they are 12 to 20 feet away in near site, you know, one of the things that we institute was kind oftouch those registration so you pull up and you can text us or email us or we will have your envelope,your check-in envelope at the outside area for the registration. So, you don’t have to interact withanybody if you don’t want to, if people are uncomfortable with that.Pancham: This is great that you touched upon it and it’s just coincidental that we are going on ourvery first camp ground forever like and the reason why we are going—we decided to go on a campground is partly because of COVID situation. We are renting an RV which we are going to get fullycleaned up, right? We don’t have to go to a hotel where we don’t know what kind of processes theymay have. So, we’re gonna get it clean up and then we’re gonna stay there but now for the lack of likeyou said we are taking out home with us, right? We’re gonna take all the stuff that we need for thekids and for ourselves and go there and the reason for all of this is because of COVID, right? We maynot have done an RV trip if it wasn’t for COVID. So because of that, I feel that this asset class it hasbeen an amazing opportunity as of, you know, because of the situation and you’re kind of resonatingthe same thought, you have been completely full. Is that true? Like people are really, really lookingforward to going and going to camp grounds.Dave: Yeah. We’ve had a lot of adaptions. So, one of the things that we’ve seen about 40% of ourbusiness is international guest. So, like you, they will rent an RV so typically, you know, for our Utahproperty though, clients on the lake or they’re flying to Las Vegas, rent an RV and then they will youknow, go through the big five national Parks of Utah. None of those guest have been able to comeand see us and you know, we are really sad that, you know, because these are once in a lifetime tripsfor those guest.Pancham: Yeah. 40%, that’s a big number.Dave: It is. But what we’ve seen is the regional people, you know, from California, Washington,Oregon, you know, around the park that ratio of guest has exploded that’s really taken over the—sowhich filled in for the missing internationals. So, while we haven’t been, you know, 100% full and weare not quite to 2019 numbers are, I’m certainly not disappointed on that. I’m not in the situation likehotels are in and you know, that’s entirely because my genius are picking this traffic last night.Pancham: I see now, Regina.Dave: No, I mean we are just really fortunate and lucky that we are involved in RV parks and campgrounds for sure.Pancham: That’s awesome. So, I want to switch gears a little bit like are they building anymore RVparks like how does an RV park gets created like, you know, for hotels and for multifamily and all thisthere’s lot of financing and programs and these things are in place like how does an idea for RV parkcome into play and also is there financing available for doing all of this?Dave: I’ll preface my answer by saying that we like to focus on existing businesses and buy those andbe able to add value to those similar to what you will do in an existing multifamily. On thedevelopment side, I mean it’s typical demand studies will be done to find out okay, you know, wellyou might think that, you know, this is good area to develop an RV park or camp ground and youknow, you’ll go out in the marketplace and see what demand is, what’s beyond that demand? It’spretty much what you would expect.Pancham: I see.Dave: We are building those and then you know, as far as financing, I’m not sure what financing isavailable on the development side. I presume that it’s, you know, there’s probably some, you know,similar commercial financing but we don’t typically get into agency financing, you know, you’ve beenbuying an existing. I think agency financing is reserved for housing and we are not housing, we arerecreation.Pancham: Housing is mainly like affordable housing or the need which is serving a set sector of peopleand really helping them provide housing so in this case you would say it is bank financing?Dave: Yeah. I mean we work with a local bank that we have a good relationship with. They know andunderstand our business. That was one of the challenges is that we had to help them understand thebusiness and describe what’s the revenue models were and all of that just like you ask I mean theyask the same questions that you’re asking is okay, well, you know, how do you make money, right?And so you know, we built that, you know, kind of a partnership with the bank to finance the first oneand through the success we showed, we demonstrated on that first one, you know, they were eageractually to finance the second one.Pancham: Got it. So, I have my final question before we move on to the next section of the show andmy final question is Regina like maybe you can answer this, do you have any classification like inmultifamily for instance we have class A building, class B building, class C building, do we have anyclassification in camp grounds like this like class A camp ground?Regina: I don’t know that they actually have classes necessarily. There are different types so youmight consider like there are ones well within the system that we are involved in, they actuallyclassified them similar to maybe some hotel grants and you know, they’ll say one is a journey basicallythat’s one where people who are traveling to a destination and are going to spend the night, thatmight be off a highway and that would be considered more of a journey and then you know, thenthey might—the next one might be more of a place where you would go and stay and do things in thearea but not necessarily the resort type of deal.Dave: Like a base camp.Regina: Like a base camp and then you know, the next level would be more like maybe what you’restaying at with the fishing lake and activities for children and movie nights and those kinds of things.So, there are different levels I guess of camp grounds.Pancham: Yeah. So there’s no like standardized classification so to speak, it’s more like reallyfragmented, understood lingo among camp ground loners.Regina: Yes. Yes.Dave: Right. And that’s where the opportunity is for those that are experienced and understand whateach type of park offers to the guest if you go to the revenue model around that. I’ve seen things, youknow, like a resort, water slides, go kart tracks, jumping pillows and you know, indoor pools, outdoorpools, banquet halls I mean it runs the gamut.Pancham: Got it. Cool. Anything you would like to add before we move on to the next section of ourshow which I call Taking the Leap round?Dave: Those were great questions and I hope that it helps at least to give a flavor to your audienceabout what, you know, what RV parks and camp grounds about.Pancham: Yeah, absolutely. So, we will be back after this message.If you want to know the top six reasons on why you should consider diversifying outside of the WallStreet then you are in the right place. I have written a free report for you it goes into not just the topsix reasons why investing in stocks, 401(k)s may not be the sound strategy but also what are thealternatives. Get your free report today on TheGoldCollarInvestor.com/download. I repeatTheGoldCollarInvestor.com/download.Pancham: All right, so let’s move on to the next section of the show which I call Taking the Leap roundand I ask these four questions to every guest on my show. So, Dave and Regina first question for youguys, when was the first time you invested outside of Wall Street?Dave: So, when I first started thinking about investing in real estate, I joined at the local real estateinvestors club and started going to the meetings in Nashville, Tennessee and then a gentleman thatwas doing house flips and so what we did was, you know, I basically I did private lending on that andjust took a jump to cash at a 2 or 3 months turnaround on the homes, I mean the market was so hot itpre-sold before it even start the construction, so you know, I got my money back with some friendsand you know, I really enjoyed the process. It wasn’t something that I figure out will continue longterm. It was more of an interesting task I guess.Pancham: Got it. Got it. Okay. That’s great. So, what fears did you have to overcome when you firstinvested outside of Wall Street? So, did you have any fears that you have to overcome?Regina: You know, that one was pretty easy because they basically—the property was paid more—wewere first…Dave: It was really highly secured.Regina: We were first on that, so it didn’t feel trying it all. That was very nice, you know, I think justbased on the education that we’ve underwent in real estate, the fears of investing actually werereversed I mean more the fears of what happens if you don’t. What happens if you stay in all in thestock market because you know, with the ups and downs it really in place of all the things that youreally adapt a loser. So, how can we build something up and you know, part of our process was goingthrough a program to explore different areas and really look at things. So, I think for me as I becamemore and more aware and informed the fear of not doing anything became greater than the fear ofjust-Dave: Taking the leap.Regina: -yeah, taking the leap.Pancham: Yeah, I know this part is so true. I actually cannot forget in the purple book somewhere it’swritten and I don’t remember the exact phrase but he says that the level three or Robert Kiyosaki haslevels of investing and he says education is so important that when you’re investing money and you’rehoping it would go good that’s a game of chance. So, gamblers for them investing is actually he callspeople who are investing and hope that it goes up, it’s called game of chance and he calls themgamblers and then he says for investors who are investing and for them it’s a game of skill. So, that’sexactly what you are referring to that, you know, you got educated and that made you feel verycomfortable going and doing these things. So that is great. My third question for you guys is can youshare with us one investment that did not go as expected? Do you have any?Dave: Oh, yeah. You know, we have a passion to help people and we met a gentleman that we gothrough, you know, another business. He was putting together a cryptocurrency and would kindafractionalize real estate and you know, that kind of…Pancham: Tokenize the ownership of real estate.Dave: Right. Yeah. And you know, with an overwriting coin and then each of the tokens off that coinwould be individual property, so we’re gonna mold—it’s more of a loan than equity play, you know,because we wanted to have to help that person out and he just wasn’t able to pull it off and youknow, in case of a lot of talk, failed execution. It taught us a couple of things I mean we always knowthat you don’t invest what you can’t afford to lose and we went and do it with that mindset but it stillhurts, right?Pancham: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. And you do and you learn, right?Dave: Yes.Pancham: So, you were saying like you learn a couple of lessons?Dave: So, the other lesson is to have maybe a better understanding of who you are investing with,you know, we knew him somewhat and we have some good conversations. We met him, you know,face to face, you know, at one point in one of our travels, didn’t really know him that well. So youknow, maybe getting to know the person the better is and you know, is there anything you wannashare on that?Regina: Well, yeah, I will just say, you know, going deeper on the bio is important and definitely I mayask for references.Dave: Yeah. I mean investing is a relationship business and so you know, we had a surface levelrelationship but you know, we needed to go a little bit deeper because there were signs there. Therewere some little concerns and you know, like a said I mean you know, what’s the worst that canhappen? Okay, we will lose this investment which we did.Pancham: But you paid that was a real university tuition fee.Dave: It was expensive.Regina: Right.Pancham: Exactly.Regina: There was another time I mean this was really early on. I have a cousin who was starting abusiness and we invested with him and really understanding where people come up with evaluationof their company and all those kinds of things I think are important, you know, with him he workedincredibly hard to try to launch that and put in a lot of time and effort and so I, you know, he feelsreally badly but I always say to him well we invested in your education. You know, you have threeyears of energy and time and lessons learned and you know, going in having a product manufacturedand all these different things and so you know, education doesn’t have to be work in order, universityalways you know, life and what happens and learning from mistakes is I think the most valuableeducation.Pancham: Absolutely. I say this that college is theoretical education, your real education starts onlyafter college, so I think that’s so true. All right, so my last question for you guys is what is one piece ofadvice would you give to people who are thinking of investing in Main Street outside of Wall Street,you know, for the first time?Regina: Well, for me, I mean I think for us we wanted to have a business. We wanna teach ourchildren investments. We believe any kind of skills that they can learn in participating in the familybusiness it’s life changing, I mean that’s how the world works. So, for us that’s part of it is just, youknow, I also go into this like small businesses medium, businesses are what America was built on andso for me I like the idea of having, you know, having be involved in some kind of a business as well.Dave: Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean it goes to the education just like what we were talking. You need tolearn before you invest but you’re continuing to learn as you invest and so you know, just be acontinual lifelong learner.Pancham: Great. Thank you for sharing that advice. So, you know, thank you Regina and Dave foradding so much value. How can listeners—you actually have put together a report, really good reportabout investing in camp grounds and how it has work this pandemic, this COVID situation, how canlisteners get that and reach out?Dave: Sure. It’s tough five reasons why now is the best time to invest in RV parks and camp groundsand they can get that report just sending an email to campfire@thegoldcollarinvestor.com. So, that’scampfire@thegoldcollarinvestor.com.Pancham: Great. Thank you. Thank you for your time Dave and Regina. It was awesome to have youon.Dave: It was our pleasure. Thanks for inviting us, Pancham.Regina: We appreciate it.Pancham: Thank you.Pancham: Thank you for listening. I’m really excited about this asset classes’ future. I don’t knowwhere it’s gonna go but it seems really bright especially we are in the middle of this COVD-19situation and I’m also taking my very first trip to a camp ground, so we will see how that goes andthey also mentioned about homeschooling which seems really intriguing to me and can become areality for definitely more people now given the situation. So, let me know if you have everhomeschooled your kids, I would love to know your experience. Again, thank you for listening Iappreciate you. If you have questions, email me at p@thegoldcollarinvestor.com. That’s P as in Paul@thegoldcollarinvestor.com. This is Pancham signing off. Until next time. Take care.Thank you for listening to The Gold Collar Investor Podcast. If you love what you’ve heard and you want more of Pancham Gupta, visit us at www.thegoldcollarinvestor.com and follow us on Facebook at The Gold Collar Investor. The information on this podcast are opinions. As always, please consult your own financial team before investing.campgrounds invest jobsLeave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSearch for:Recent PostsTGCI 94: High yield, lower risk alternative in a volatile marketTGCI 93: The Law of AuthenticityTGCI 92: Rich Dad Advisor, Ken McElroy on current state of the economy and what lies ahead!TGCI 91: The Law of InfluenceTGCI 90: From W2 to living off just passive investments. Yes, Financial Independence!Recent CommentsArchivesJanuary 2021December 2020November 2020October 2020September 2020August 2020July 2020June 2020May 2020April 2020March 2020February 2020January 2020December 2019November 2019October 2019No Offer of Securities—Disclosure of InterestsUnder no circumstances should any material at this site be used or considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy an interest in any investment. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by means of the Confidential Private Offering Memorandum relating to the particular investment. Access to information about the investments are limited to investors who either qualify as accredited investors within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or those investors who generally are sophisticated in financial matters, such that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of prospective investments.© Gold Collar Investor 2020Top 6 Reasons To Invest Outside of Wall StreetDownload this free e-book to find out why it's critical to your financial success and what the alternatives are.Yes, I want to Find Out WhyYour privacy is important to us. We will never spam you or release your information to a third-party.CONNECT:REACH OUT:admin@thegoldcollarinvestor.com."
