"Palestine Tech Jobs - Connecting Palestine to a new world of opportunities in tech.Palestine Tech JobsToggle navigationPricingBlogAboutPost Your JobJust one more thing!Your email address:Senior Software Engineer - Full-time/RemoteSeamless AIApply for this jobJob DescriptionRemote Engineering - Full- Time (Local or Remote)The OpportunityThe Software Engineer role will be a part of a lean, nimble, full stack powerful engineering team. We value simplicity in both our code and our UI. We don't believe in bloated teams or overly architected solutions; we opt for small, nimble players that work well together, iterates fast and achieves more as a high-powered team. Since we're a small team, you'll have the opportunity to work on virtually all aspects of the software and have a direct and immediate impact! This role will advance our cutting-edge data search engine and social profiling platform. The role will build scalable backend microservices, APIs and database structures using Node / Express / Postgres, etc. We have a service-oriented architecture, two client facing platforms, a web app, and a Chrome extension supported by around 9 other services (with an internal API to connect them). You will be at the core of every new feature, every product decision, and every touch point of our users. You will not be micromanaged and have full autonomy to design the architecture and engineer the features / products for scale. If you are a problem solver and enjoy having the ability to think creatively with your code, you would love being on this team.About SeamlessSeamless delivers the world's best sales leads. Through our product, we help sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio's fastest growing companies and just won an award for Best Technology Company of the year in 2019 by NJTC.The Seamless FamilyWe have an amazing culture and work environment that anyone would want to be a part of. We encourage a culture of positivity. We thrive off of continuous feedback and do whatever it takes to help our team and customers be successful. You will grow as an individual, professionally, and be able to see and feel the impact you are making to the growth of Seamless every day.Duties / Responsibilities:Design, Development, and implementation of scalable and performant backend microservices handling large quantities of concurrent requests and data.Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes to support hundreds of millions of records.Solve complex near real-time web engineering problems with big data.Passion for building backend technologies that have the power to positively impact millions.Regularly (and often frequently) shipping quality finished code - working in an AGILE/MVP format is key.Creating full features, relatively unsupervised.Skills / Requirements:5+ years experience building highly-available, scalable and modern Javascript web applications (full stack development experience ideal).Expert knowledge of modern back-end development and back-end JavaScript ( Node.js , Express, Aurora Postgres), front-end JavaScript ( React.JS ), HTML, & CSS.A firm grasp of Computer Science fundamentals including object oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis.Strong knowledge of asynchronous programming patterns and service-oriented architecture (SOA) solutions.Experience developing internal APIs, and integrating with 3rd party APIs.Any DBA experience is a plus.Experience developing Chrome extensions a plus.Experience parsing unstructured data a plus.CRM integration experience (Salesforce, Hubspot, etc) a plus.Value autonomy and ownership of your work.Self-motivated engineer with the ability to work well with a small team of highly-driven / entrepreneurial Developers.Willingness to go beyond the standard \"9-5\" when needed. We love what we do, and often find ourselves working nights and/or weekends to get the job done.Possess innate passion for coding, software development, and big data!Pay, Perks & Such:At Seamless, we love to celebrate our diverse group of hardworking employees and it shows. We're proud to say Seamless.AI was recognized as one of the Top Most Promising and Fastest Growing Start up by VentureOhio and received Tech Company of the year by NJTC. We pride ourselves on our collaborative culture that pervasive throughout every step of a Seamless employee's journey. Starting with our interviews and continuing through Daily Standup sessions, collaboration is at the heart of working at Seamless.We offer a full slate of benefits including competitive salaries, world-class health benefits, paid time off, remote flexibility and numerous other benefits to improve company culture/morale. And... we offer some not-so-standard, extra-fun benefits, including learning & development programs to improve your skills, an office ping-pong table, pool table, arcade basketball, DJ booth, and of course, fully stocked fridges and free coffee. :)Take the chance to contribute to an upbeat, fully engaged culture that's addicted to winning. We value diversity and believe forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is key to our success. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and different industries to apply. Come join us, and find out what the best work of your career could look like here at Seamless.Disclaimer: This is a full-time position that ideally would be located in our Columbus, Ohio office but for the right candidate we would be open to full US remote. We are open to assisting with relocation and willing to discuss for some positions. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package at this time. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the US.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.No Recruiters. This is an internal position our internal team is hiring for.Copyright © Palestine Tech Jobs All Rights Reserved"
