"RN - FT- ICURN - FT- ICUCityWillistonStateNDMin Salary$48,000.00Max Salary$84,655.00Job TypeFull-Time RegularREGISTERED NURSE NEEDED!!!**ER/ICU/MED-SURG**FULL TIME*Great Pay * Great Benefits * Great Perks *McCall and Lee has been engaged by a community based hospital to recruit a Full-Time Registered Nurse to join their team. We are seeking a well skilled, highly productive team player who is willing/open to relocation. New grads are encouraged to apply along with others who are interested in providing Top Notch treatment to patients.REGISTERED NURSE REQUIREMENTS:1. Graduate of an accredited school of nursing, and currently licensed as a Registered Nurse through the State Board of Nursing.2. Prefer at least one year's clinical experience, in home health, medical, surgical, or critical care.3. Complies with accepted professional standards and principles.4. Must be a licensed driver with an automobile that is insured in accordance with state.5. Flexible and cooperative in fulfilling role obligation.6. Has excellent observation, good clinical judgment, and good oral and written communication skills.7. Self-directed with the ability to work with little supervision.8. Acts as a liaison between patient/family and healthcare personnel to ensure necessary care is provided promptly and effectively.9. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.10. Performs a variety of tasks.11. A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.SUMMARY OF JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:The registered nurse makes the initial evaluation visit, regularly re-evaluates the patient's nursing needs, initiates the plan of care and necessary revisions, furnishes those services requiring substantial and specialized nursing skill, initiates appropriate preventive and rehabilitative nursing procedures, prepares clinical and progress notes, coordinates services, informs the physician and other personnel of changes in the patient's condition and needs, counsels the patient and family in meeting nursing and related needs, participates in in-service programs, and supervises and teaches other nursing personnel.**Please let us know if you are willing to consider a change right now or if you know someone that would consider an opportunity if were truly better.Referral bonus incentive will be offered if a hire is made....CONTACT:Aliyah Mccray Executive RecruiterOffice 512 795 2000 x88 Direct 512 444 6400Email: amccray@mleehealthcare.comwww.MLee.comPosted Posted 2 Weeks agoApplyProcessing..."
