"Insurance Average Salaries in Kiribati 2021 - The Complete GuideHOME	BROWSE SALARIES BEST PAYING JOBSBrowse SalariesBest Paying JobsSalary Increase LettersCareer ArticlesInsurance Average Salaries in Kiribati 2021How much money does a person working in Insurance make in Kiribati?Average Monthly Salary3,890 AUD( 46,700 AUD yearly)LOW1,440AUD AVERAGE3,890AUD HIGH7,500AUD	A person working in Insurance in Kiribati typically earns around 3,890 AUD per month. Salaries range from 1,440 AUD (lowest average) to 7,500 AUD (highest average, actual maximum salary is higher).This is the average monthly salary including housing, transport, and other benefits. Salaries vary drastically between different Insurance careers. If you are interested in the salary of a particular job, see below for salaries for specific job titles.Salaries for specific jobsJob Title Average SalaryActuarial Analyst 5,300 AUDActuarial Assistant 3,780 AUDActuary 5,450 AUDAdjustment Insurance Clerk 1,460 AUDAssistant Broker 2,520 AUDAssistant Claims Manager 4,530 AUDAssociate Insurance Representative 2,100 AUDAuditing Insurance Manager 5,890 AUDBroker 3,930 AUDClaim Advocacy Professional 4,220 AUDClaims Adjuster 1,490 AUDClaims Analyst 2,110 AUDClaims Examiner 2,140 AUDClaims Manager 5,870 AUDClaims Processor 1,560 AUDClaims Representative 1,780 AUDClaims Resolution Specialist 4,150 AUDClaims Supervisor 3,820 AUDComplaints Specialist 3,830 AUDCompliance Officer 3,270 AUDConsultant 3,900 AUDEligibility Specialist 3,910 AUDInsurance Account Manager 4,880 AUDInsurance Accounts Executive 4,320 AUDInsurance Agent 2,420 AUDInsurance Analyst 3,860 AUDInsurance Appraiser 4,200 AUDInsurance Claims Clerk 1,430 AUDInsurance Examiner 3,560 AUDInsurance Investigator 3,700 AUDInsurance Manager 6,840 AUDInsurance Operations Manager 6,640 AUDInsurance Policy Processing Clerk 1,480 AUDInsurance Pricing Assistant 3,260 AUDInsurance Program Manager 5,100 AUDInsurance Project Manager 4,970 AUDInsurance Quality Assurance Agent 3,580 AUDInsurance Sales Agent 2,400 AUDInsurance Sales Director 6,560 AUDInsurance Team Leader 4,280 AUDInsurance Underwriter 3,130 AUDLoss Control Specialist 4,000 AUDLoss Prevention Investigator 4,360 AUDLoss Prevention Manager 5,590 AUDLoss Prevention Specialist 4,140 AUDMarine Underwriter 2,860 AUDMedical Auditor 4,040 AUDMonitoring and Performance Officer 2,710 AUDPayment Services Specialist 4,200 AUDPolicy Change Director 6,240 AUDPolicy Change Supervisor 4,360 AUDPolicy Change Technician 1,980 AUDRisk Analyst 4,670 AUDRisk Management Director 7,410 AUDRisk Management Supervisor 4,850 AUDRisk Manager 7,310 AUDRisk Modeling Manager 7,400 AUDTitle Insurance Typist 3,360 AUDTraining Manager 4,410 AUDGet Paid to share this page with others!Get $25 on sign up.21 high paying jobs that don't require a college degree 9 deadly resume mistakes that you must avoid 11 signs that you may be terminated (Watch out for these) 10 job hunting mistakes everyone is making 8 exciting careers for people who like to travelInsurance Jobs Salary Distribution in KiribatiShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/kiribati/insurance/median-and-salary-distribution-monthly-kiribati-insurance.jpgThe median, the maximum, the minimum, and the rangeSalary RangeInsurance salaries in Kiribati range from 1,440 AUD per month (minimum average salary) to 7,500 AUD per month (maximum average salary, actual maximum is higher).Median SalaryThe median salary is 3,660 AUD per month, which means that half (50%) of people working in Insurance are earning less than 3,660 AUD while the other half are earning more than 3,660 AUD. The median represents the middle salary value. Generally speaking, you would want to be on the right side of the graph with the group earning more than the median salary.PercentilesClosely related to the median are two values: the 25th and the 75th percentiles. Reading from the salary distribution diagram, 25% of people working in Insurance are earning less than 2,300 AUD while 75% of them are earning more than 2,300 AUD. Also from the diagram, 75% of people working in Insurance are earning less than 5,250 AUD while 25% are earning more than 5,250 AUD.What is the difference between the median and the average salary?Both are indicators. If your salary is higher than both of the average and the median then you are doing very well. If your salary is lower than both, then many people are earning more than you and there is plenty of room for improvement. If your wage is between the average and the median, then things can be a bit complicated. We wrote a guide to explain all about the different scenarios. How to compare your salary25 salary increase request email templates with proven results 10 salary negotiation tips everyone should know 9 hobbies that can make great careers 12 careers for people who like to work alone 25 late to work excuses that may actually work!Salary Comparison by Years of ExperienceHow does a person's salary progress over time?Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/images/salary-by-experience.jpgThe experience level is the most important factor in determining the salary. Naturally the more years of experience the higher the wage.Generally speaking, employees having experience from two to five years earn on average 32% more than freshers and juniors across all industries and disciplines.Professionals with experience of more than five years tend to earn on average 36% more than those with five years or less of work experience.Change in salary based on experience varies drastically from one location to another and depends hugely on the career field as well. The data displayed here is the combined average of many different jobs. To view accurate figures, choose a specific job title.As you hit the ten years mark, the salary increases by 21% and an additional 14% for those who have crossed the 15 years mark.Those figures are presented as guidelines only. The numbers become more significant if you consider one job title at a time.“ On average, a person's salary doubles their starting salary by the time they cross the 10 years* experience mark. ”* Based on the average change in salary over time. Salary variations differ from person to person.Get Paid to share this page with others!Get $25 on sign up.Salary Comparison By EducationHow does the education level affect your salary?Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/images/salary-comparison-by-education.jpgIt is well known that higher education equals a bigger salary, but how much more money can a degree add to your income? We compared the salaries of professionals at the same level but with different college degrees levels across many jobs, below are our findings.Change in salary based on education varies drastically from one location to another and depends hugely on the career field as well. The data displayed here is the combined average of multiple jobs. To view accurate figures, choose a specific job title.Workers with a certificate or diploma earn on average 17% more than their peers who only reached the high school level.Employees who earned a Bachelor's Degree earn 24% more than those who only managed to attain a cerificate or diploma.Professionals who attained a Master's Degree are awarded salaries that are 29% more than those with a Bachelor's Degree.Finally, PhD holders earn 23% more than Master's Degree holders on average while doing the same job.Is a Master's degree or an MBA worth it? Should you pursue higher education?A Master's degree program or any post-graduate program in Kiribati costs anywhere from 19,400 Australian Dollar(s) to 58,200 Australian Dollar(s) and lasts approximately two years. That is quite an investment.You can't really expect any salary increases during the study period, assuming you already have a job. In most cases, a salary review is conducted once education is completed and the degree has been attained.Many people pursue higher education as a tactic to switch into a higher paying job. The numbers seem to support this tactic. The average increase in compensation while changing jobs is approximately 10% more than the customary salary increment.The decision really depends on your situation and experience among many other factors. Putting all variables aside, if you can afford the costs of higher education then the return on investment is definitely worth it. You should be able to recover the costs in roughly a year or so.Top 10 Highest Paying Careers in KiribatiSee Full ListInsurance Salary Comparison By GenderShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/kiribati/insurance/salary-comparison-by-gender-monthly-kiribati-insurance.jpgThough gender should not have an effect on pay, in reality, it does. So who gets paid more: men or women? Male employees in Kiribati who work in Insurance earn 14% more than their female counterparts on average.Male4,090 AUDFemale -12%3,580 AUDPercentage increase and decrease are relative to the previous valueSalary Comparison By Gender in Kiribati for all CareersShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/kiribati/salary-comparison-by-gender-monthly-kiribati.jpg43 Careers That Pay Women More Than Men!Check The ListYou deserve a salary increment but you are not sure how to ask.Check our 25 sample Salary Increase Request emailsGet Your Salary IncrementInsurance Average Annual Salary Increment Percentage in KiribatiHow much are annual salary increments in Kiribati for Insurance professionals? How often do employees get salary raises?InsuranceInsurance professionals in Kiribati are likely to observe a salary increase of approximately 6% every 27 months. The national average annual increment for all professions combined is 5% granted to employees every 28 months.Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/kiribati/insurance/annual-salary-increment-rate-kiribati-insurance.jpgThe figures provided here are averages of numbers. Those figures should be taken as general guidelines. Salary increments will vary from person to person and depend on many factors, but your performance and contribution to the success of the organization remain the most important factors in determining how much and how often you will be granted a raise.Kiribati / All ProfessionsThe term 'Annual Salary Increase' usually refers to the increase in 12 calendar month period, but because it is rarely that people get their salaries reviewed exactly on the one year mark, it is more meaningful to know the frequency and the rate at the time of the increase.How to calculate the salary increment percentage?The annual salary Increase in a calendar year (12 months) can be easily calculated as follows: Annual Salary Increase = Increase Rate x 12 ÷ Increase Frequency“The average salary increase in one year (12 months) in Kiribati is 2%.”Annual Increment Rate By Industry 2020Banking4%Energy8%Information Technology3%Healthcare7%Travel2%Construction6%Education1%Listed above are the average annual increase rates for each industry in Kiribati for the year 2020. Companies within thriving industries tend to provide higher and more frequent raises. Exceptions do exist, but generally speaking, the situation of any company is closely related to the economic situation in the country or region. These figures tend to change frequently.Worldwide Salary Raises: All Countries and All JobsShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/images/salary-increment-world.jpg25 Simple Ways to Reduce Bills and Save MoneyStart Saving!Insurance Bonus and Incentive Rates in KiribatiHow much and how often are bonuses being awarded?Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/kiribati/insurance/annual-salary-bonus-rate-kiribati-insurance.jpgInsurance is considered to be a moderate bonus-based field due to the generally limited involvement in direct revenue generation, with exceptions of course. The people who get the highest bonuses are usually somehow involved in the revenue generation cycle.68% of surveyed staff in Insurance reported that they haven't received any bonuses or incentives in the previous year while 32% said that they received at least one form of monetary bonus.Those who got bonuses reported rates ranging from 3% to 5% of their annual salary.Received Bonus32%No Bonus68%Types of Bonuses ConsideredIndividual Performance-Based BonusesThe most standard form of bonus where the employee is awarded based on their exceptional performance.Company Performance BonusesOccasionally, some companies like to celebrate excess earnings and profits with their staff collectively in the form of bonuses that are granted to everyone. The amount of the bonus will probably be different from person to person depending on their role within the organization.Goal-Based BonusesGranted upon achieving an important goal or milestone.Holiday / End of Year BonusesThese types of bonuses are given without a reason and usually resemble an appreciation token.Bonuses Are Not Commissions!People tend to confuse bonuses with commissions. A commission is a prefixed rate at which someone gets paid for items sold or deals completed while a bonus is in most cases arbitrary and unplanned.What makes a position worthy of good bonuses and a high salary?The main two types of jobsRevenue Generators Supporting CastEmployees that are directly involved in generating revenue or profit for the organization. Their field of expertise usually matches the type of business.Employees that support and facilitate the work of revenue generators. Their expertise is usually different from that of the core business operations.Example:A graphics designer working for a graphics designing company.Example:A graphic designer in the marketing department of a hospital.Revenue generators usually get more and higher bonuses, higher salaries, and more frequent salary increments. The reason is quite simple: it is easier to quantify your value to the company in monetary terms when you participate in revenue generation.“Try to work for companies where your skills can generate revenue. We can't all generate revenue and that's perfectly fine.”Bonus Comparison by Seniority LevelTop management personnel and senior employees naturally exhibit higher bonus rates and frequencies than juniors. This is very predictable due to the inherent responsibilities of being higher in the hierarchy. People in top positions can easily get double or triple bonus rates than employees down the pyramid.21 High Paying Jobs That Don't Require a College Degree!Check The ListInsurance Hourly Average Wage in Kiribati22 AUD per hourThe average hourly wage (pay per hour) in Kiribati is 22 AUD. This means that the average person in Kiribati earns approximately 22 AUD for every worked hour.Hourly Wage = Annual Salary ÷ ( 52 x 5 x 8 )The hourly wage is the salary paid in one worked hour. Usually jobs are classified into two categories: salaried jobs and hourly jobs. Salaried jobs pay a fix amount regardless of the hours worked. Hourly jobs pay per worked hour. To convert salary into hourly wage the above formula is used (assuming 5 working days in a week and 8 working hours per day which is the standard for most jobs). The hourly wage calculation may differ slightly depending on the worked hours per week and the annual vacation allowance. The figures mentioned above are good approximations and are considered to be the standard. One major difference between salaried employees and hourly paid employees is overtime eligibility. Salaried employees are usually exempt from overtime as opposed to hourly paid staff.Insurance VS Other JobsShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/kiribati/insurance/salary-comparison-between-insurance-and-insurance-monthly-kiribati.jpgThe average salary for Insurance is 0% more than that of All Jobs.Government vs Private Sector Salary ComparisonWhere can you get paid more, working for a private company or for the government? Public sector employees in Kiribati earn 21% more than their private sector counterparts on average across all sectors.Private Sector3,530 AUDPublic Sector +21%4,270 AUDPercentage increase and decrease are relative to the previous valueGet Paid to share this page with others!Get $25 on sign up.All Jobs»InsuranceBrowse SalariesSalary Increase LettersBest Paying JobsHomePrivacy PolicySalary Comparison©Salary Explorer 2021"
