"Jobs | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit NowFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.	3 jobs found	Email me jobs like this	Refine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchtemporary administrative technician iiiTemporary-Administrative Technician IIIOklahoma State Department of Health Carter, Oklahoma, USAIntroduction The Oklahoma State Department of Health (OSDH) is committed to providing quality health services to Oklahoma citizens. The mission of the Department of Health is to promote, protect and improve the health of all Oklahomans through strategies that focus on preventing disease and injuries. OSDH is seeking a temporary Administrative Technician III providing support and traveling to the Carter, Garvin, Jefferson, Johnston, Love, Marshall, Murray, Pontotoc, and Stephens County Health Departments. This is an unclassified position in state government, located in Ardmore, OK. The hourly salary for this position is up to $15.39 based on education and experience. Position Description: This position will independently perform technical duties and provide support to professional and technical staff at the County Health Departments. In addition, this position will serve to meet the expanded need in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. •Maintains a variety of records such as perpetual inventories of supplies and materials, and statements of expenditures; reconciles departmental records with central records; prepares correspondence, forms and reports. •Initiates and handles correspondence relating to a special field or program in regards to agency or program rules, policies, procedures, or requirements. •Performs a variety of sorting and filing tasks; answers the phone, takes messages, and disseminates information; opens, sorts, distributes, collects, and delivers mail; performs a number of tasks such as posting and recording data. •Produces documents of various levels of complexity, ranging from plain copy typing to the manipulation of data to create complex presentations. •Enters and retrieves information using personal computer or other data processing equipment, and receives and reviews coded and uncoded source documents; proofs previously entered data and makes routine corrections. •Examines, checks, and verifies reports and other documents for completeness, appropriateness, adequacy, and conformity to established requirements, and follows up on discrepancies. •Maintains an inventory of equipment and supplies used in office or shop operations; receives or delivers materials and equipment. •Reviews and processes claims from vendors, contractors, medical providers and others for reimbursement or payment under various state programs. •Assists customers in securing needed information and documents; conducts interviews to obtain information from clients; provides transportation or other assistance to clients as required. •This is the specialist level where employees will independently perform most complex and technical duties, such as preparing presentations through manipulation of data, or preparing documents for audits or special reports. Some responsibility may be assigned for the functional supervision of other employees on a limited basis. Physical Demands and Work Environment Work is typically performed in an office setting with a climate controlled settings and exposure to moderate noise level. While performing the duties of the job, employee is required to talk, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. This position requires long period of sitting and daily use of computer and phone. Work related travel required. Applicant must be willing to perform all job-related travel associated with this position. Education and Experience Education and Experience requirements at this level consist of two years of clerical office experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Valued Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required at this level include knowledge of office methods and procedures; and of grammar, punctuation, spelling, and basic mathematics. Skill is required to operate office machines including computers/PCs. Ability is required to follow oral and written instructions and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Plus knowledge of preparing and interpreting charts and graphs; of basic bookkeeping procedures; of mathematics; of inventory techniques; of telephone procedures; and of standard business communications. Ability is required to establish and maintain filing systems and to prepare documents. Plus knowledge of current office technologies; and ability to prepare documents, reports, and files for dissemination to external sources. NOTES NOTES/REQUIREMENTS: If education, certification or licensure is required to meet qualifications, applicants must provide documentation at the time of interview . All applicants are subject to a background check and must be legally authorized to work in the United States without visa sponsorship. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WORKING AT THE OKLAHOMA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH CLICK HERE Please read instructions carefully and include all required documents when you submit your application. No additional information will be accepted after the application has been submitted. Conclusion Veteran's Preference Points Apply only for initial appointment in the Classified Service. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 20, 2020Full TimeIntroduction The Oklahoma State Department of Health (OSDH) is committed to providing quality health services to Oklahoma citizens. The mission of the Department of Health is to promote, protect and improve the health of all Oklahomans through strategies that focus on preventing disease and injuries. OSDH is seeking a temporary Administrative Technician III providing support and traveling to the Carter, Garvin, Jefferson, Johnston, Love, Marshall, Murray, Pontotoc, and Stephens County Health Departments. This is an unclassified position in state government, located in Ardmore, OK. The hourly salary for this position is up to $15.39 based on education and experience. Position Description: This position will independently perform technical duties and provide support to professional and technical staff at the County Health Departments. In addition, this position will serve to meet the expanded need in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. •Maintains a variety of records such as perpetual inventories of supplies and materials, and statements of expenditures; reconciles departmental records with central records; prepares correspondence, forms and reports. •Initiates and handles correspondence relating to a special field or program in regards to agency or program rules, policies, procedures, or requirements. •Performs a variety of sorting and filing tasks; answers the phone, takes messages, and disseminates information; opens, sorts, distributes, collects, and delivers mail; performs a number of tasks such as posting and recording data. •Produces documents of various levels of complexity, ranging from plain copy typing to the manipulation of data to create complex presentations. •Enters and retrieves information using personal computer or other data processing equipment, and receives and reviews coded and uncoded source documents; proofs previously entered data and makes routine corrections. •Examines, checks, and verifies reports and other documents for completeness, appropriateness, adequacy, and conformity to established requirements, and follows up on discrepancies. •Maintains an inventory of equipment and supplies used in office or shop operations; receives or delivers materials and equipment. •Reviews and processes claims from vendors, contractors, medical providers and others for reimbursement or payment under various state programs. •Assists customers in securing needed information and documents; conducts interviews to obtain information from clients; provides transportation or other assistance to clients as required. •This is the specialist level where employees will independently perform most complex and technical duties, such as preparing presentations through manipulation of data, or preparing documents for audits or special reports. Some responsibility may be assigned for the functional supervision of other employees on a limited basis. Physical Demands and Work Environment Work is typically performed in an office setting with a climate controlled settings and exposure to moderate noise level. While performing the duties of the job, employee is required to talk, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. This position requires long period of sitting and daily use of computer and phone. Work related travel required. Applicant must be willing to perform all job-related travel associated with this position. Education and Experience Education and Experience requirements at this level consist of two years of clerical office experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Valued Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required at this level include knowledge of office methods and procedures; and of grammar, punctuation, spelling, and basic mathematics. Skill is required to operate office machines including computers/PCs. Ability is required to follow oral and written instructions and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Plus knowledge of preparing and interpreting charts and graphs; of basic bookkeeping procedures; of mathematics; of inventory techniques; of telephone procedures; and of standard business communications. Ability is required to establish and maintain filing systems and to prepare documents. Plus knowledge of current office technologies; and ability to prepare documents, reports, and files for dissemination to external sources. NOTES NOTES/REQUIREMENTS: If education, certification or licensure is required to meet qualifications, applicants must provide documentation at the time of interview . All applicants are subject to a background check and must be legally authorized to work in the United States without visa sponsorship. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WORKING AT THE OKLAHOMA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH CLICK HERE Please read instructions carefully and include all required documents when you submit your application. No additional information will be accepted after the application has been submitted. Conclusion Veteran's Preference Points Apply only for initial appointment in the Classified Service. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousAdministrative Technician III - TemporaryOklahoma State Department of Health Carter, Oklahoma, USAIntroduction The Oklahoma State Department of Health (OSDH) is committed to providing quality health services to Oklahoma citizens.The mission of the Department of Health is to promote, protect and improve the health of all Oklahomans through strategies that focus on preventing disease and injuries. OSDH is seeking a temporary Administrative Technician III providing support and traveling to the Carter, Garvin, Jefferson, Johnston, Love, Marshall, Murray, Pontotoc, and Stephens County Health Departments. This is an unclassified position in state government, located in Ardmore, OK. The hourly salary for this position is up to $15.39 based on education and experience.. Please be advised the duty station will be determined upon hire. Position Description : This position will independently perform technical duties and provide support to professional and technical staff at the County Health Departments. In addition, this position will serve to meet the expanded need in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. •Maintains a variety of records such as perpetual inventories of supplies and materials, and statements of expenditures; reconciles departmental records with central records; prepares correspondence, forms and reports. •Initiates and handles correspondence relating to a special field or program in regards to agency or program rules, policies, procedures, or requirements. •Performs a variety of sorting and filing tasks; answers the phone, takes messages, and disseminates information; opens, sorts, distributes, collects, and delivers mail; performs a number of tasks such as posting and recording data. •Produces documents of various levels of complexity, ranging from plain copy typing to the manipulation of data to create complex presentations. •Enters and retrieves information using personal computer or other data processing equipment, and receives and reviews coded and uncoded source documents; proofs previously entered data and makes routine corrections. •Examines, checks, and verifies reports and other documents for completeness, appropriateness, adequacy, and conformity to established requirements, and follows up on discrepancies. •Maintains an inventory of equipment and supplies used in office or shop operations; receives or delivers materials and equipment. •Reviews and processes claims from vendors, contractors, medical providers and others for reimbursement or payment under various state programs. •Assists customers in securing needed information and documents; conducts interviews to obtain information from clients; provides transportation or other assistance to clients as required. •This is the specialist level where employees will independently perform most complex and technical duties, such as preparing presentations through manipulation of data, or preparing documents for audits or special reports. Some responsibility may be assigned for the functional supervision of other employees on a limited basis. Physical Demands and Work Environment Work is typically performed in an office setting with a climate controlled settings and exposure to moderate noise level. While performing the duties of the job, employee is required to talk, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. This position requires long period of sitting and daily use of computer and phone. Work related travel required. Applicant must be willing to perform all job-related travel associated with this position. Education and Experience Education and Experience requirements at this level consist of two years of clerical office experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Valued Knowledge, skills and abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required at this level include knowledge of office methods and procedures; and of grammar, punctuation, spelling, and basic mathematics. Skill is required to operate office machines including computers/PCs. Ability is required to follow oral and written instructions and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Plus knowledge of preparing and interpreting charts and graphs; of basic bookkeeping procedures; of mathematics; of inventory techniques; of telephone procedures; and of standard business communications. Ability is required to establish and maintain filing systems and to prepare documents. Plus knowledge of current office technologies; and ability to prepare documents, reports, and files for dissemination to external sources. NOTES REQUIREMENTS: If education, certification or licensure is required to meet qualifications, applicants must provide documentation at the time of interview. All applicants are subject to a background check and must be legally authorized to work in the United States without visa sponsorship. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WORKING AT THE OKLAHOMA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH CLICK HERE Please read instructions carefully and include all required documents when you submit your application. No additional information will be accepted after the application has been submitted. Conclusion Veteran's Preference Points Apply only for initial appointment in the Classified Service. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Full TimeIntroduction The Oklahoma State Department of Health (OSDH) is committed to providing quality health services to Oklahoma citizens.The mission of the Department of Health is to promote, protect and improve the health of all Oklahomans through strategies that focus on preventing disease and injuries. OSDH is seeking a temporary Administrative Technician III providing support and traveling to the Carter, Garvin, Jefferson, Johnston, Love, Marshall, Murray, Pontotoc, and Stephens County Health Departments. This is an unclassified position in state government, located in Ardmore, OK. The hourly salary for this position is up to $15.39 based on education and experience.. Please be advised the duty station will be determined upon hire. Position Description : This position will independently perform technical duties and provide support to professional and technical staff at the County Health Departments. In addition, this position will serve to meet the expanded need in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. •Maintains a variety of records such as perpetual inventories of supplies and materials, and statements of expenditures; reconciles departmental records with central records; prepares correspondence, forms and reports. •Initiates and handles correspondence relating to a special field or program in regards to agency or program rules, policies, procedures, or requirements. •Performs a variety of sorting and filing tasks; answers the phone, takes messages, and disseminates information; opens, sorts, distributes, collects, and delivers mail; performs a number of tasks such as posting and recording data. •Produces documents of various levels of complexity, ranging from plain copy typing to the manipulation of data to create complex presentations. •Enters and retrieves information using personal computer or other data processing equipment, and receives and reviews coded and uncoded source documents; proofs previously entered data and makes routine corrections. •Examines, checks, and verifies reports and other documents for completeness, appropriateness, adequacy, and conformity to established requirements, and follows up on discrepancies. •Maintains an inventory of equipment and supplies used in office or shop operations; receives or delivers materials and equipment. •Reviews and processes claims from vendors, contractors, medical providers and others for reimbursement or payment under various state programs. •Assists customers in securing needed information and documents; conducts interviews to obtain information from clients; provides transportation or other assistance to clients as required. •This is the specialist level where employees will independently perform most complex and technical duties, such as preparing presentations through manipulation of data, or preparing documents for audits or special reports. Some responsibility may be assigned for the functional supervision of other employees on a limited basis. Physical Demands and Work Environment Work is typically performed in an office setting with a climate controlled settings and exposure to moderate noise level. While performing the duties of the job, employee is required to talk, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. This position requires long period of sitting and daily use of computer and phone. Work related travel required. Applicant must be willing to perform all job-related travel associated with this position. Education and Experience Education and Experience requirements at this level consist of two years of clerical office experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Valued Knowledge, skills and abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required at this level include knowledge of office methods and procedures; and of grammar, punctuation, spelling, and basic mathematics. Skill is required to operate office machines including computers/PCs. Ability is required to follow oral and written instructions and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Plus knowledge of preparing and interpreting charts and graphs; of basic bookkeeping procedures; of mathematics; of inventory techniques; of telephone procedures; and of standard business communications. Ability is required to establish and maintain filing systems and to prepare documents. Plus knowledge of current office technologies; and ability to prepare documents, reports, and files for dissemination to external sources. NOTES REQUIREMENTS: If education, certification or licensure is required to meet qualifications, applicants must provide documentation at the time of interview. All applicants are subject to a background check and must be legally authorized to work in the United States without visa sponsorship. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WORKING AT THE OKLAHOMA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH CLICK HERE Please read instructions carefully and include all required documents when you submit your application. No additional information will be accepted after the application has been submitted. Conclusion Veteran's Preference Points Apply only for initial appointment in the Classified Service. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousAdministrative Technician IIIOklahoma State Department of Health Creek, Oklahoma, USAIntroduction The Oklahoma State Department of Health (OSDH) is committed to providing quality health services to Oklahoma citizens.The mission of the Department of Health is to promote, protect and improve the health of all Oklahomans through strategies that focus on preventing disease and injuries. OSDH is seeking a part-time Administrative Technician III (Temporary) providing support to Creek Health Department. This is an unclassified position (PIN#34000941) in state government, located in Sapulpa, OK. The hourly salary for this position is up to $17.00 an hour based on education and experience This position has preferred qualifications: Bilingual Speaker in English and Spanish, ability to communicate verbally and in writing with English/Spanish speaking respondents. Position Description: • This position will provide English/Spanish interpreter and interpretation services to Limited English Proficiency (LEP) clients within the Creek County Health Department with LEP clients. Position Responsibilities /Essential Functions • Support OSDH in Title VI mandated requirements to provide Limited English Proficient (LEP) clients/patients/customers access to public health resources. • Facilitates access to services for LEP clients through the utilization of medical terminology to interpret documents, correspondence, forms, questionnaires (both written and verbal), pamphlets and other materials from English to Spanish. • Interpret for clients/staff in order to communicate public health information and/or personal medical/health information. Interprets either in person or via the telephone. • Contributes to the organizations overall strategic efforts in the elimination of health disparities through the development of partnerships in minority populations. • Be a resource for LEP clients by recognizing indications of problems, gathering information, analyzing situations, reaching conclusions, working with others, and initiating appropriate action. • This position provides clerical support and is responsible for closing client records. Serves as frontline to customer services to patients in this large county. Responsible for printing WIC vouchers, answering phones, entering BCD's, accepting payments, PAR entry and record disposition. Duties include, but are not limited to: The functions within this job family will vary by level, but may include the following: • Initiates and handles correspondence relating to a special field or program in regards to agency or program rules, policies, procedures, or requirements. • Performs a variety of sorting and filing tasks; answers the phone, takes messages, and disseminates information; opens, sorts, distributes, collects, and delivers mail; performs a number of tasks such as posting and recording data. • Examines, checks, and verifies reports and other documents for completeness, appropriateness, adequacy, and conformity to established requirements, and follows up on discrepancies. • Maintains an inventory of equipment and supplies used in office or shop operations; receives or delivers materials and equipment. • Assists customers in securing needed information and documents; conducts interviews to obtain information from clients; provides translation or other assistance to clients as required. Other Duties Demonstrates knowledge of and supports mission, vision, value statements, standards, policies and procedures, operating instructions, confidentiality standards, and the code of ethical behavior. Works effectively in team environment, participating and assisting their peers. This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Education and Experience Experience translating and/or interpreting English to Spanish and Spanish to English. Education and experience requirements at this level consist of two years of clerical office experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required at this level include knowledge of office methods and procedures; and of grammar, punctuation, spelling, and basic mathematics. Skill is required to operate office machines including computers/PCs. Ability is required to follow oral and written instructions and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Ability to translate from Spanish to English for several programs including Family Planning, Women, Infant and Children, General Clinic and Children First programs. To independently follow established protocols, encourage respondents to prove and clarify if needed and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Plus knowledge of preparing and interpreting charts and graphs; of basic bookkeeping procedures; of mathematics; of inventory techniques; of telephone procedures; and of standard business communications. Ability is required to establish and maintain filing systems and to prepare documents. Plus knowledge of current office technologies; and ability to prepare documents, reports, and files for dissemination to external sources. Physical Demands and Work Environment Combination of office and exam offices. Work is typically performed in an office setting with a climate controlled settings and exposure to moderate noise level. While performing the duties of the job, employee is required to talk, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. This position requires long period of sitting and daily use of computer and phone. NOTES REQUIREMENTS: If education, certification or licensure is required to meet qualifications, applicants must provide documentation at the time of interview. All applicants are subject to a background check and must be legally authorized to work in the United States without visa sponsorship. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WORKING AT THE OKLAHOMA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH CLICK HERE Please read instructions carefully and include all required documents when you submit your application. No additional information will be accepted after the application has been submitted. Conclusion Veteran's Preference Points Apply only for initial appointment in the Classified Service. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Full TimeIntroduction The Oklahoma State Department of Health (OSDH) is committed to providing quality health services to Oklahoma citizens.The mission of the Department of Health is to promote, protect and improve the health of all Oklahomans through strategies that focus on preventing disease and injuries. OSDH is seeking a part-time Administrative Technician III (Temporary) providing support to Creek Health Department. This is an unclassified position (PIN#34000941) in state government, located in Sapulpa, OK. The hourly salary for this position is up to $17.00 an hour based on education and experience This position has preferred qualifications: Bilingual Speaker in English and Spanish, ability to communicate verbally and in writing with English/Spanish speaking respondents. Position Description: • This position will provide English/Spanish interpreter and interpretation services to Limited English Proficiency (LEP) clients within the Creek County Health Department with LEP clients. Position Responsibilities /Essential Functions • Support OSDH in Title VI mandated requirements to provide Limited English Proficient (LEP) clients/patients/customers access to public health resources. • Facilitates access to services for LEP clients through the utilization of medical terminology to interpret documents, correspondence, forms, questionnaires (both written and verbal), pamphlets and other materials from English to Spanish. • Interpret for clients/staff in order to communicate public health information and/or personal medical/health information. Interprets either in person or via the telephone. • Contributes to the organizations overall strategic efforts in the elimination of health disparities through the development of partnerships in minority populations. • Be a resource for LEP clients by recognizing indications of problems, gathering information, analyzing situations, reaching conclusions, working with others, and initiating appropriate action. • This position provides clerical support and is responsible for closing client records. Serves as frontline to customer services to patients in this large county. Responsible for printing WIC vouchers, answering phones, entering BCD's, accepting payments, PAR entry and record disposition. Duties include, but are not limited to: The functions within this job family will vary by level, but may include the following: • Initiates and handles correspondence relating to a special field or program in regards to agency or program rules, policies, procedures, or requirements. • Performs a variety of sorting and filing tasks; answers the phone, takes messages, and disseminates information; opens, sorts, distributes, collects, and delivers mail; performs a number of tasks such as posting and recording data. • Examines, checks, and verifies reports and other documents for completeness, appropriateness, adequacy, and conformity to established requirements, and follows up on discrepancies. • Maintains an inventory of equipment and supplies used in office or shop operations; receives or delivers materials and equipment. • Assists customers in securing needed information and documents; conducts interviews to obtain information from clients; provides translation or other assistance to clients as required. Other Duties Demonstrates knowledge of and supports mission, vision, value statements, standards, policies and procedures, operating instructions, confidentiality standards, and the code of ethical behavior. Works effectively in team environment, participating and assisting their peers. This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Education and Experience Experience translating and/or interpreting English to Spanish and Spanish to English. Education and experience requirements at this level consist of two years of clerical office experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required at this level include knowledge of office methods and procedures; and of grammar, punctuation, spelling, and basic mathematics. Skill is required to operate office machines including computers/PCs. Ability is required to follow oral and written instructions and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Ability to translate from Spanish to English for several programs including Family Planning, Women, Infant and Children, General Clinic and Children First programs. To independently follow established protocols, encourage respondents to prove and clarify if needed and to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Plus knowledge of preparing and interpreting charts and graphs; of basic bookkeeping procedures; of mathematics; of inventory techniques; of telephone procedures; and of standard business communications. Ability is required to establish and maintain filing systems and to prepare documents. Plus knowledge of current office technologies; and ability to prepare documents, reports, and files for dissemination to external sources. Physical Demands and Work Environment Combination of office and exam offices. Work is typically performed in an office setting with a climate controlled settings and exposure to moderate noise level. While performing the duties of the job, employee is required to talk, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. This position requires long period of sitting and daily use of computer and phone. NOTES REQUIREMENTS: If education, certification or licensure is required to meet qualifications, applicants must provide documentation at the time of interview. All applicants are subject to a background check and must be legally authorized to work in the United States without visa sponsorship. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WORKING AT THE OKLAHOMA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH CLICK HERE Please read instructions carefully and include all required documents when you submit your application. No additional information will be accepted after the application has been submitted. Conclusion Veteran's Preference Points Apply only for initial appointment in the Classified Service. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	Load more	Modal WindowEmployer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES© 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
