"Too busy to do my job – PM TrailsSkip to contentPM TrailsProduct managers lead from the front: Mark's blogMenuSearchAboutSearch for:SearchToo busy to do my jobOn March 16, 2016 By Mark Balch	A day in the life of a product manager brings many diverse responsibilities and tasks, which is one of the reasons it’s such an interesting career. This diversity, however, can lead you down unintended paths that divert you from being successful. Actively managing your daily tasks and longer-term goals is not your manager’s responsibility, but your own.There are many good descriptions of a product manager’s job – I won’t reinvent the wheel here. A product manager’s core responsibility is ensuring a viable overall business, requiring continual engagement with many peer groups, each of whom seeks her guidance and assistance on a daily basis. There’s a blurry boundary between active engagement and doing someone else’s job that changes according to market, product, and organizational maturity.The product manager must ensure that engineering has a clear vision and plan to build necessary capabilities at the right time. Whether due to market disruption or building a new product, the product manager may become more deeply involved in product design than with a more mature product. She may be called upon to verify that engineering prototypes actually deliver necessary use cases. She may need to specify detailed user experience elements. She may be asked to help make architectural trade-offs with ramifications on delivery timelines, product scalability, and usability.Purists could argue that the product manager should draw a line at defining use cases and let engineers, user experience designers, and functional architects work it out. Such neat circumstances don’t exist at startups or new product groups. Letting her business fail on job definition grounds would be the height of negligence. The product manager jumps into the void and does what’s needed.Similar situations arise on the outbound, or customer-facing, sides of a product business. Sales won’t be able to engage customers on their own in the early days of a new or disrupted market. The lack of reference customers, established buying patterns, and stable product means that a sales rhythm is not yet established. The product manager will be called on to evangelize her product’s value, defend competitive attacks, and deliver a product vision and roadmap directly to prospective customers. Rather than say it’s the account manager’s job or a pre-sales engineer should give the demo, the product manager will be out selling.Fallacy of extremesI’ve seen product managers get trapped in the fallacy of extremes where they allow one important aspect of their role to overshadow other core responsibilities. Because so many peers ask for product management’s active engagement, plentiful demand and positive feedback reinforce the imbalance. The unfortunate result over time is letting these same people down when product strategy becomes obsolete or is dead on arrival.Only in retrospect, having moved on to a new role, did I realize that I crossed the line and allowed myself to become too involved in functional architecture. I succumbed to the fallacy that I needed to be involved in all the engineering decisions and conversations that I was asked to participate in. For an engineer-turned-product-manager like myself, it’s easy to slide back into architecture as white-board conversations with developers descend into the critical detail of how features will work. I love designing and building products. Yet, by allowing myself to be drawn into core engineering responsibilities, I unwittingly spent less time on product strategy and it showed. Following the realization of my error, I resolved to be conscious of my broader responsibilities, continually triage my tasks, and avoid extremes over time.A product manager can’t operate by rigid definitions. There are times when she must step over the line to bridge gaps. It requires awareness that she is temporarily wearing another person’s hat, that she will return the hat as soon as possible, and that she must absolutely find a way to wear the product manager’s hat on a daily basis.Focus on balanceI’ve advised many product managers to be cognizant of their core responsibilities and avoid my mistake so they can maximize the value they bring to the business and, in doing so, strengthen their career trajectory. While we may enjoy in-the-moment satisfaction wearing another hat, product managers are ultimately rewarded based on their strategic contributions and not for doing someone else’s job.The irony in this reality is that a product manager benefits from experiencing the successes and challenges of her peers. Spending time with each group yields a valuable 360-degree understanding of her business’ performance, opportunities, and threats. Being in a sales situation quickly clarifies competitive weaknesses and messaging deficiencies. Customer support experiences highlight product gaps that risk customer satisfaction. As with many aspects of life, focus on balance and avoid extremes that make you too busy to do your job.Like this:Like Loading...Post navigationPreviousThanks, but I’ll build it myself (Part 3)NextGetting a job with the wrong experienceOne thought on “Too busy to do my job”	Pingback: Are you managing or being managed? – PM TrailsLeave a Reply Cancel replyEnter your comment here...Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:Email (required) (Address never made public)Name (required)WebsiteYou are commenting using your WordPress.com account.	( Log Out / Change )You are commenting using your Google account.	( Log Out / Change )You are commenting using your Twitter account.	( Log Out / Change )You are commenting using your Facebook account.	( Log Out / Change )CancelConnecting to %sNotify me of new comments via email.Notify me of new posts via email.Search for:SearchRecent PostsTake Your Manager’s JobI want to be strategicShow up with a perspectiveNo Excuse for No PRDBe the CEO of your productArchivesJanuary 2018July 2017May 2017March 2017January 2017November 2016October 2016September 2016August 2016July 2016June 2016May 2016April 2016March 2016February 2016January 2016December 2015November 2015October 2015Recent CommentsAsk for help now… on Are you managing or being…Kevin on Blame the sales teamshiva on Get over it: you’re in ma…Tal Altman on Don’t let anyone get between y…Are you managing or… on Too busy to do my jobCreate a free website or blog at WordPress.com.Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy	%d bloggers like this:"
