"Amazon Warehouse Associate - Earn up to $640 a week (Lancaster) @ Amazon Workforce StaffingAmazon Warehouse Associate - Earn up to $640 a week (Lancaster)Amazon Workforce Staffing Chaffee, NYApply on Company SiteAbout the JobSeasonal Warehouse Team MembersShifts:Overnight, Early Morning, Day, Evening, WeekendLocation:Lancaster, NYJob opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions.Hourly pay rate:Earn $15 - $16/hrImmediate openings available now.Become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for people relying on Amazon’s service. From flexible part-time roles to full-time set schedules with health care benefits, Amazon has a variety of jobs. Find the right Amazon opportunity for you today.Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page.Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes.Reasons you’ll love working here:Health and safety are a top priority with all of our roles and sites. We continue to consult with medical and health experts, and take all recommended precautions in our buildings and stores to keep people healthy.Earn more: You can expect a competitive wage and reliable paycheck when you work for Amazon.Career development: Many of our entry-level employees become leaders in operations, HR, and other areas. See where your Amazon journey can take you.Benefits: Our range of benefits can include health care starting on day one, employee discounts, 401(k) savings plans, paid time off and more! Find out which benefits you'll get after you choose your role with us.Stay active: You’ll be on the move for your whole shift in our fast-paced environments.Check out what some of our employees have to say about their jobs:https://www.amazondelivers.jobs/about/culture/Amazon is hiring for the following types of roles in your area:FULFILLMENT CENTERS (CUSTOMER RETURNS) - Work inside an Amazon warehouse, receiving and processing customer returns. In this fast-paced, active role, you will play an important part in protecting customer trust by evaluating the condition of returned items to determine if they can be resold. These are part-time opportunities with a consistent schedule of 25-35 hours per week.Sort Centers – It’s no small job to get every order from click to customer door. Our sort centers are the first stop on the journey from the warehouse. You’ll be up on your feet moving and sorting packages between trucks. Part-time and full-time opportunities are available with a flexible schedule of up to 40 hours.Basic qualifications:High school, GED, or equivalent diplomaAmazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.Apply on Company Site© 2021 Appcast, Inc | 1 (800) 570-5430"
