"Mechanisms Engineer at Exotrail: job opportunity in MassyMechanisms EngineerMassyFull-TimeApply NowBackMechanisms EngineerExotrail is hiring!AboutExotrail is a space company based in France. We are developing mobility solutions for an agile space.Our mission is to allow small satellite constellations to move in space, so that we can optimise their deployment, increase their performances and reduce space pollution. Thanks to this, a new world of telecommunication, Earth observation and space exploration will arise.Our mobility solutions range from highly flexible high-thrust propulsion systems for small satellites (ExoMG™), mission simulation and operation software (ExoOPS™), and orbital transfer vehicles (SpaceVan™).Exotrail launched in 2017 and has secured over 17M€ from prestigious Venture Capital funds and public grants. Our team consists of 30 people who are passionate about disrupting the space industry. We operate out of two locations: Toulouse and Massy (suburb of Paris).This is only the beginning. Small satellites equipped with propulsion will be able to deliver new space services and will entirely disrupt the space industry by servicing, repairing, assembling and manufacturing spacecrafts directly in orbit. Join us and be part of our great ambition!Job DescriptionExotrail is working on three different projects: our family ExoMG™ of Hall thrusters for small satellites, our mission analysis and operations software ExoOPS™ and on our orbital transfer vehicle SpaceVan™.The development of small satellites for demanding missions, both for missions further than LEO, and for providing a high agility, comes with the use of different mechanisms. To provide a more flexible propulsion solution, Exotrail is developing a gimbal for its thrusters. This development is its infancy and we are looking for an engineer with some experience in the design of space mechanisms to lead this development.Your main tasks will involve:Definition of mechanisms for propulsion applications and related technologies. The topics covered are linked to mechanical design, electronics, controls, space environment and materials science;Design, justification and testing of such mechanisms;Subcontractors management;Collaboration with our electronics, thruster, mechanical and thermal engineers to gather all the constraints and design a space-compatible system;Work with technologies related to mechanisms.Additionally, you will also be part of the thruster head team in Exotrail. Then you will be involved in the thruster development and its tests.This position is opened in priority for the development of this gimbal. However, this position can lead to two roles in our development team: responsible of the mechanisms for the SpaceVan™, or a more transverse role in Exotrail with expertise in different technical topics (electronics, thruster, mechanical design).You will report to the thruster head module owner who supervises the technical team working on its subject. In addition, a project manager manages this development for our customer.Preferred ExperienceThe candidate shall be from an engineering background with experience in mecatronics, controls, electronics or another related expertise. 2+ years of experience is recommended as the complexities of mechanisms are relatively uncovered in typical academics’ courses. An experience in the space sector will be appreciated as the design of mechanisms for space imposes a lot of different, and complex, problems, relatively unknown to other sectors.For this position, you will be responsible of the development in mechanisms at Exotrail. Therefore, this position requires a high level of autonomy, with an appetite for technical challenges involving different technical fields. Obviously it also requires very good communications skills. The candidate must always look for information to efficiently perform its various duties.This role requires the following skills:A high degree of autonomy;Deep technical skills with a real interest for the topic covered here;An active mindset, with short development time, quick tests and iterative design process;You have great communication skills, both writing- and speaking-wise;You are proficient in English. Having a basic French is a plus;You are not afraid to work in a changing and challenging environment;You are willing to take measured risks;You want to bring agility to space and develop new services based on high-level technologies;You are interested in working in a start-up environment.Additional InformationContract Type: Full-TimeLocation: Massy, France (91300)Apply NowPowered by Welcome KitMade with ❤ by Welcome to the Jungle"
