"Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical) Recruitment - Government of MaharashtraSkip to main contentALL SARKARI JOBSSearchSearch This BlogOffice Assistant Jobs in Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Boardon January 20, 2021 Office Assistant0Get linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsSenior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical) Recruitment - Government of Maharashtraon October 15, 2020Get linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsMaha Mumbai Metro Operation Corporation Ltd Government of Maharashtra Invites applications for the post of Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical)Maha Mumbai Metro Operation Corporation Ltd Department under the Government of Maharashtra recruiting Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical) in the month of October 2020,.The application can apply online before 02/11/2020.There are 02 Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical)Vacancies. The minimum qualification required for the Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical) post is Degree or Diploma in Electrical / Electronics / Electronics & Telecommunication/ Mechanical / Electrical & Electronics / Electronics & Communication and the selection will be based on interviewPost :Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical)Vacancy :02Pay scale : Rs.47600-151100/-Age : 44 yearsQualification & experience :Full Time Degree or Diploma in Electrical / Electronics / Electronics & Telecommunication/ Mechanical / Electrical & Electronics / Electronics & Communication / Applied Electronics / Applied Electronics & Instrumentation / Applied Electronics & Communication / Industrial Electronics / Power Electronics / Instrumentation / Instrumentation and Control/ Electrical & Instrumentation Engineering or equivalent degree/ diploma in Engineering from a Government recognised University / Institute.4 Years for Degree and 6 Years for Diploma in Maintenance or Servicing of Lifts, Escalators, LT Power Supply systems, DG Sets, HVAC Systems, Fire Detection & Suppression systems and MEP services in Government or Private Sector. The experience certificate should clearly mention the nature and type of experience and the particulars of M&P serviced/ maintained. Vague experience certificate will not be considered and such applications will be summarily rejected. The experience in Metro Rail System will be preferred.Selection Process : Selection will be based on interviewNote : The interested persons can send their application along with the scanned attested copies of all relevant documents (PDF only) on the following email ID : m3executiveposts@mmmocl.co.inStarting Date for Submission Of Online Application	15 October 2020Last Date for Submission Of Online Application	02 November 2020Click here for apply online.Click here for official notification.Senior Section Engineer (Electrical & Mechanical) Recruitment - Government of MaharashtraElectrical Mechanical Senior Section EngineerGet linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsCommentsPost a CommentPopular PostsData Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Recruitment - Government of IndiaData Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Recruitment - Government of India Broadcast Engineering Consultants India Limited Government of India Advt No. BECIL/HR/NITIE/Advt.2020/44 I nvites applications for the post of Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant job description: Broadcast Engineering Consultants India Limited department under the Government of India recruiting Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant in the month of December 2020 .They are 04 Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant vacancies. The application can submit before 17/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant post is Graduate and the Selection will be based on Test/Interview. Post : Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Vacancy:04 Age :30 years Pay scale : Rs 20000/- Per Month Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Qualification & experience : Graduate from a recognized univePh D/Scientist Recruitment - Government of ChandigarhPh D/Scientist Recruitment - Government of Chandigarh CSIR-Institute of Microbial Technology Government of Chandigarh Advertisement No. 01/2021 I nvites applications for the post of Scientist Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Scientist job description: CSIR-Institute of Microbial Technology department under the Government of Chandigarh recruiting Scientist in the month of January 2021 .They are 01 Scientist vacancies. The application can submit before 15/02/2021. The minimum qualification required for the Scientist post is Ph D and the Selection will be based on interview. Post : Scientist Vacancy:01 Age :32 Years Pay scale : Rs.67700- 208700/- Scientist Qualification & experience : Ph D (submitted) in any branch of Natural Sciences/ MD with; experience in Microbiome research OR microbial genome sequence analyses and good understanding of NGS platforms and comparative genomics Scientist Selection Process : Selection will be based on interview. ImportantCluster Level Resource Person/12th pass Jobs in National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati RajCluster Level Resource Person/12th pass Jobs in National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj Government of Telangana Advt. No. : 16/2020 I nvites applications for the post of Cluster Level Resource Person Cluster Level Resource Person job description: National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj department under the Government of Telangana recruiting Cluster Level Resource Person in the month of December 2020.There are 250 Cluster Level Resource Person vacancy .The application can submit before 29 /12/2020 . The minimum qualification required for the Cluster Level Resource Person post is Class XII pass and the Selection will be based on Written Test/Interview. Post :ClusterManagement Trainee Jobs in Kerala Feeds LimitedManagement Trainee Jobs in Kerala Feeds Limited Kerala Feeds Limited Government of Kerala Advt. No. : CMD/KFL/11/2020 I nvites applications for the post of Management Trainee Management Trainee job description: Kerala Feeds Limited department under the Government of Kerala recruiting Management Trainee in the month of December 2020 .They are 10 Management Trainee vacancies. The application can submit before 06/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Management Trainee post is MBA and the Selection will be based on Written test/Group discussion/Interview. Post :Management Trainee Vacancy:10 Age :18 to 27 years Pay scale : Management Trainee (MarketinPh.D. Degree or Master’s Degree JobsPost :Associate Professor Vacancy :07 Age : 65 years Qualification & experience :i. Good academic record with a Ph.D. Degree in the concerned/ allied/ relevant disciplines. ii. A Master’s Degree with at least 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is followed). iii. A minimum of eight years of experience of teaching and/or research in an academic/research position equivalent to that of Assistant Professor in a University, College or Accredited Research Institution/industry excluding the period of Ph.D. research with evidence of published work and a minimum of 5 publications as books and/or research/policy papers. iv. Contribution to educational innovation, design of new curricula and courses, and technology – mediated teaching learning process with evidence of having guided doctoral candidates and research students. v. A minimum score of 300 points in the Academic Performance Indicator (API) based Performance Based Appraisal SysteBachelor’s Degree-Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Jobs in High Court KeralaBachelor’s Degree-Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Jobs in High Court Kerala High Court Kerala Government of Kerala Advt. No. : REC1-84497/2019 I nvites applications for the post of Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge job description: High Court Kerala department under the Government of Kerala recruiting Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge in the month of January 2021 .They are 23 Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge vacancies. The application can submit before 29/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge post is Bachelor’s Degree and the Selection will be based on Dictation Test and Interview. Post : Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Vacancy:23 Age :Born between 02/01/1984 and 01/01/2002 Pay scale : Rs. 27800 – 59400/- Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Qualification & experience : A Bachelor’s Degree inLatest Teachers Recruitment- 2020Latest Teachers Recruitment Information- 2020 Primary School Teachers Recruitment- 278 Vacancies Upper Primary School Teachers Recruitment 571 Lecturers Recruitment- Rs. 47600 – 151100/- Pay Scale Primary Teachers Recruitment- 35,400 salary per month Physics Assistant Professors Recruitment Science and arts teacher vacancy in school Chemistry Assistant Professor jobs- 57,000 Salary Lower Primary School Teachers Recruitment- 3941 Vacancies Primary School Teachers Recruitment-3941 VacanciesFireman RecruitmentKarnataka State Fire & Emergency Services Invites applications for the post of Fireman Post :Fireman Vacancy : 1222 Age : 18 to 26 years Pay scale :Rs 23500 – 47650/- Qualification & experience: SSLC- CBSE, SSLC-ICSE, SSLC-SSC, SSLC- State Board, SSLC- Equivalent and ITI in Relevant Trade or Diploma in Automobile. Selection Process : Selection will be based on Written Examination and Physical Standard Test, Endurance Test. starting Date for Submission Of Online Application 22 June 2020 Last Date for Submission Of Online Application 20 July 2020 Last Date for payment of Fee 22 July 2020 Click here for apply online Click here for official notificationStenographer Grade III Jobs in New DelhiStenographer Grade III Jobs in New Delhi National Institute of Health and Family Welfare Government of New Delhi I nvites applications for the post of Stenographer Grade III Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Stenographer Grade III job description: National Institute of Health and Family Welfare department under the Government of New Delhi recruiting Stenographer Grade III in the month of January 2021 .They are 09 Stenographer Grade III vacancies. The application can submit before 26/02/2021. The minimum qualification required for the Stenographer Grade III post is Matric and the Selection will be based on Written Test/skill Test. Post : Stenographer Grade III Vacancy:09 Age :18 to 30 years Pay scale : Level 4 Stenographer Grade III Qualification & experience : Matric or its equivalent. Speed in shorthand 80 w.p.m. Speed in typewriting 40 w.p.m. Stenographer Grade III Selection Process : Selection will be based on Written Test/skill Test. Note : Interested cand350 Civil Engineers Recruitment in GujaratGujarat Public Service Commission Advt.No. 32/2019-20 Invites applications for the post of Assistant Engineer (Civil), Post: Assistant Engineer (Civil), Vacancies: 350 Age : 35 years Pay Matrix- Rs. 9300-34,800/- (Grade Pay Rs.4600/-) Qualification &amp; Experience:1) Possess a bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Civil) or Technology (Civil) obtained from any of the Universities or institutions established or incorporated by or under the Central or State Act in India; or any other educational institutions recognized as such or declared to be a deemed University under section 3 of the University Grants Commission Act, 1956. (2) Possess the basic knowledge of computer application as prescribed in the Gujarat Civil Services Classification and Recruitment (General) Rules, 1967; (3) Possess adequate knowledge of Gujarati or Hindi or both Starting Date of Online Application & Fee Payment 15/10/2019,13.00 p.m Closing Date of Online Application &amp; Fee Payment 0Powered by Blogger"
