"Senior UX Researcher- Quantitative - BOLDBOLDWe transform work livesAbout UsLeadership TeamMedia RoomWORK HERECONTACT USWE ARE LOOKING FORAPPLYBy: CameronAPPLYGETTING PEOPLE JOBS SINCE 2005Since 2005, we’ve helped more than 10,000,000 folks from all over America (and beyond!) discover their career path, build stronger resumes, interview with confidence, and boost their chances of finding the right job in less time.SOME PERKS OF WORKING AT BOLDOUTSTANDING COVERAGECompetitive salary, bonus, 401(k) plan, and equity for all employees.Flexible spending accounts for health, dependent care, transit and parking.FULL HEALTH BENEFITSPPO & HMO medical, dental and vision plan choices for you and your family.100% paid medical for individuals and subsidy for dependents.Life & Long Term Disability Insurance.FLEXIBLE TIME OFFUnlimited PTO and sick time.Paid holidays plus 1 week company closure over holidays in December!WORK-LIFE BALANCEHappy hours, catered lunches, kitchen with snacks and beverages.Open office environment, lounge areas and pool table.Generous corporate discounts.We embrace technology, think beyond the norm, fearlessly try new things, and live and breathe to make a difference in others’ lives.Fortune favors the BOLD.WHAT THEY’RE SAYING“Great Opportunity for Go-Getter”\"Excellent work culture with the ability to move up the ladder quickly with success, pay and benefits are great and they do those fun quirky work activities. Really aggressive with entering new markets and great co-workers. I enjoy working with hard-working and smart people.\"2016-07-20T14:46:50+00:00\"Excellent work culture with the ability to move up the ladder quickly with success, pay and benefits are great and they do those fun quirky work activities. Really aggressive with entering new markets and great co-workers. I enjoy working with hard-working and smart people.\"	https://www.bold.com/testimonials/great-opportunity-for-go-getter/“Great place to work”\"The company is doing well and has been growing consistently. Management is great to work with, they don't micromanage, but are available for advice and very accessible. Working with cross-functional teams is fairly easy and not much bureaucracy.\"2016-07-20T15:20:31+00:00\"The company is doing well and has been growing consistently. Management is great to work with, they don't micromanage, but are available for advice and very accessible. Working with cross-functional teams is fairly easy and not much bureaucracy.\"	https://www.bold.com/testimonials/great-place-to-work/“I love working at BOLD!”It is a fast-paced environment. It's challenging, different every day and it feels like we can make a difference. The team is amazing and I feel like we are a family. It is the best environment to work, learn, and grow. I really think that BOLD culture is one of the kind and unique on the island.2016-07-20T15:52:03+00:00It is a fast-paced environment. It's challenging, different every day and it feels like we can make a difference. The team is amazing and I feel like we are a family. It is the best environment to work, learn, and grow. I really think that BOLD culture is one of the kind and unique on the island.	https://www.bold.com/testimonials/i-love-working-at-bold/Let’s get social© 2021, BOLD Limited. All rights reserved. PRIVACY POLICY • TERMS OF USE"
