"Jobs in Salt Lake City | Utah Jobs ListJobsCompaniesPost a JobBlogPricingSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobBlogPricingModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs850 jobs found in Salt Lake CityRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisData EntryNesco Resource Salt Lake City, UT, USANesco Resource is hiring for Data Entry employees for a company in West Jordan, UT Pay: $14/hour Schedule: Monday - Friday, 8am - 4:30pm Job Description Entering invoices into computer system Computer skills required Data entry skills preferred Please call our office TODAY for more information (801) 966-3720 Nesco Resource and affiliates (Lehigh G.I.T Inc, and Callos Resource, LLC) is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.Jan 27, 2021Nesco Resource is hiring for Data Entry employees for a company in West Jordan, UT Pay: $14/hour Schedule: Monday - Friday, 8am - 4:30pm Job Description Entering invoices into computer system Computer skills required Data entry skills preferred Please call our office TODAY for more information (801) 966-3720 Nesco Resource and affiliates (Lehigh G.I.T Inc, and Callos Resource, LLC) is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.Deliver with Uber EatsUber Eats Salt Lake City, UT, USAJob DescriptionDeliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Deliver with Uber Eats on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends--it's up to you. Earn Extra Money. You'll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries.* Delivery requirements Car delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 * Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance * Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: * Be at least 18 years old * Have a state-issued ID or Driver's License * When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance * Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today! If you have previous employment experience in delivery (such...Jan 27, 2021Job DescriptionDeliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Deliver with Uber Eats on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends--it's up to you. Earn Extra Money. You'll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries.* Delivery requirements Car delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 * Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance * Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: * Be at least 18 years old * Have a state-issued ID or Driver's License * When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance * Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today! If you have previous employment experience in delivery (such...Food Delivery - Weekly PayUber Eats Salt Lake City, UT, USAJob DescriptionDeliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Deliver with Uber Eats on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends--it's up to you. Earn Extra Money. You'll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries.* Delivery requirements Car delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 * Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance * Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: * Be at least 18 years old * Have a state-issued ID or Driver's License * When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance * Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today! If you have previous employment experience in delivery (such...Jan 27, 2021Job DescriptionDeliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Deliver with Uber Eats on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends--it's up to you. Earn Extra Money. You'll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries.* Delivery requirements Car delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 * Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance * Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: * Be at least 18 years old * Have a state-issued ID or Driver's License * When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: * Be at least 19 years old * Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance * Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today! If you have previous employment experience in delivery (such...Central Relationship Manager - Salt Lake City, UTFidelity Investments Salt Lake City, UT, USAJob Description: \"Fidelity believes in, and is committed to, fair and consistent treatment for every associate and customer, and to creating a safe and respectful environment, in which everyone is treated with kindness, compassion and respect.\" Abby Johnson | Chairman & CEO Fidelity Investments Is it time to explore new challenges in your career? Join a team that's an industry leader in innovation and invests in you with key product and service offerings, groundbreaking technology, and a world-class investment platform. We empower professional growth, flexibility and support thus enabling long-term success for you and our clients. Your desire to grow and learn within the industry will open the door to a career path full of professional rewards. The Expertise We're Looking For * 1-3 years' experience in financial services (outbound calling experience preferred) * Related sales or customer engagement experience desired * FINRA Series 7 required * FINRA Series 63 and 65 or Series...Jan 27, 2021Job Description: \"Fidelity believes in, and is committed to, fair and consistent treatment for every associate and customer, and to creating a safe and respectful environment, in which everyone is treated with kindness, compassion and respect.\" Abby Johnson | Chairman & CEO Fidelity Investments Is it time to explore new challenges in your career? Join a team that's an industry leader in innovation and invests in you with key product and service offerings, groundbreaking technology, and a world-class investment platform. We empower professional growth, flexibility and support thus enabling long-term success for you and our clients. Your desire to grow and learn within the industry will open the door to a career path full of professional rewards. The Expertise We're Looking For * 1-3 years' experience in financial services (outbound calling experience preferred) * Related sales or customer engagement experience desired * FINRA Series 7 required * FINRA Series 63 and 65 or Series...Vice President, Credit Risk Manager - Private Bank/Wealth ManagementMorgan Stanley Salt Lake City, UT, USAThe talent and passion of our people is critical to our continued success as a firm. Together, we share five core values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic: 1. Doing the Right Thing 2. Putting Clients First 3. Leading with Exceptional Ideas 4. Committing to Diversity and Inclusion 5. Giving Back Morgan Stanley is committed to helping its employees build meaningful careers and we strive to be a place for people to learn, achieve and grow. Firm Risk Management Firm Risk Management (FRM) enables Morgan Stanley to achieve its business goals by partnering with business units across the Firm to realize efficient risk-adjusted returns, acting as a strategic advisor to the Board and protecting the Firm from exposure to losses as a result of credit, market, liquidity, operational, model and other risks. Our mission is to serve as the follow roles: • Independent agent to set consistent principles and disciplines for risk management • Strategic advisor to Firm...Jan 27, 2021The talent and passion of our people is critical to our continued success as a firm. Together, we share five core values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic: 1. Doing the Right Thing 2. Putting Clients First 3. Leading with Exceptional Ideas 4. Committing to Diversity and Inclusion 5. Giving Back Morgan Stanley is committed to helping its employees build meaningful careers and we strive to be a place for people to learn, achieve and grow. Firm Risk Management Firm Risk Management (FRM) enables Morgan Stanley to achieve its business goals by partnering with business units across the Firm to realize efficient risk-adjusted returns, acting as a strategic advisor to the Board and protecting the Firm from exposure to losses as a result of credit, market, liquidity, operational, model and other risks. Our mission is to serve as the follow roles: • Independent agent to set consistent principles and disciplines for risk management • Strategic advisor to Firm...Office ManagerLUXE Benefits Salt Lake City, UT, USAIf you’re interested in an exciting new opportunity that is disrupting the Benefits Industry, you’ve found it! We are currently looking for a dynamic and passionate Onsite Office Manager to manage all onsite events and customer/client relationships. Our Onsite Office Manager supports all mobile/onsite business. They manage from the start of each onsite to when the job is fully completed for that client. Our quick growing, team-oriented environment is the perfect place to build a career in management while supporting businesses/clients on the mobile side, creating a point of contact, and cultivating our phenomenal culture. POSITION – ONSITE OFFICE MANAGER FLEXIBLE HOURS – Part-Time (January-March) into Full Time (April) LOCATION – Onsite/Mobile Locations STARTING PAY – D.O.E....Jan 27, 2021If you’re interested in an exciting new opportunity that is disrupting the Benefits Industry, you’ve found it! We are currently looking for a dynamic and passionate Onsite Office Manager to manage all onsite events and customer/client relationships. Our Onsite Office Manager supports all mobile/onsite business. They manage from the start of each onsite to when the job is fully completed for that client. Our quick growing, team-oriented environment is the perfect place to build a career in management while supporting businesses/clients on the mobile side, creating a point of contact, and cultivating our phenomenal culture. POSITION – ONSITE OFFICE MANAGER FLEXIBLE HOURS – Part-Time (January-March) into Full Time (April) LOCATION – Onsite/Mobile Locations STARTING PAY – D.O.E....Senior InspectorKleinfelder Salt Lake City, UT, USAKleinfelder has been connecting great people to the best work since 1961. We are engineers, scientists, and construction professionals providing solutions that improve our clients’ transportation, water, energy, and other private infrastructure. As a responsive, cross-disciplinary team of bright, curious, and innovative problem-solvers, we are dedicated to doing the right thing, every day, on every project from over 60 offices in the US, Canada and Australia. Built on a foundation of excellence, Kleinfelder is committed to client-focused solutions. Through our depth of experience and thorough understanding of environmental, regulatory, economic, and civic conditions, we identify and address challenges with innovation and common-sense. Kleinfelder’s integrated, award-winning experts collaborate with clients to meet their objectives - from project inception through design and execution. Connecting great people to the best work is our purpose – together, we deliver....Jan 27, 2021Kleinfelder has been connecting great people to the best work since 1961. We are engineers, scientists, and construction professionals providing solutions that improve our clients’ transportation, water, energy, and other private infrastructure. As a responsive, cross-disciplinary team of bright, curious, and innovative problem-solvers, we are dedicated to doing the right thing, every day, on every project from over 60 offices in the US, Canada and Australia. Built on a foundation of excellence, Kleinfelder is committed to client-focused solutions. Through our depth of experience and thorough understanding of environmental, regulatory, economic, and civic conditions, we identify and address challenges with innovation and common-sense. Kleinfelder’s integrated, award-winning experts collaborate with clients to meet their objectives - from project inception through design and execution. Connecting great people to the best work is our purpose – together, we deliver....Retail Parts ProAdvance Auto Parts Salt Lake City, UT, USARetail Parts Pro At Advance Auto Parts , a Retail Parts Pro (RPP) is part of the management team and responsible for growing the sales of automotive parts and related merchandise in accordance with company standards. The Retail Parts Pros must be committed to inspiring our team, helping our customers succeed, and growing the retail business profitably and with integrity. A Retail Parts Pro at Advance Auto Parts is responsible for: Being an “A' player on the Advance Auto Parts team Having a passion for serving our customers and offering superior service to every customer, every day Being actively engaged in our business and bringing their best to work every day Being committed to improving themselves, their fellow Team Members and our company Working to exceed their individual and store targets every day Offer a superior shopping experience to every customer in a way that drives up our DIY traction scores and helps the store achieve full potential....Jan 27, 2021Retail Parts Pro At Advance Auto Parts , a Retail Parts Pro (RPP) is part of the management team and responsible for growing the sales of automotive parts and related merchandise in accordance with company standards. The Retail Parts Pros must be committed to inspiring our team, helping our customers succeed, and growing the retail business profitably and with integrity. A Retail Parts Pro at Advance Auto Parts is responsible for: Being an “A' player on the Advance Auto Parts team Having a passion for serving our customers and offering superior service to every customer, every day Being actively engaged in our business and bringing their best to work every day Being committed to improving themselves, their fellow Team Members and our company Working to exceed their individual and store targets every day Offer a superior shopping experience to every customer in a way that drives up our DIY traction scores and helps the store achieve full potential....Assistant Store ManagerZumiez Salt Lake City, UT, USAZumiez - 50 Main Street. - [ASM / Department Manager] As an Assistant Store Manager at Zumiez you will: Assist the Store Manager in maximizing sales results in the area of sales- merchandising & operations; Maintain personal results while training & directing the team to provide customer service; Execute product direction & make store specific product decisions to drive sales results; Open & Close the store by reconciling the register- markdowns- transfers- promotion set up- inventory audits and store execution audits. Hiring Immediately >>Jan 27, 2021Zumiez - 50 Main Street. - [ASM / Department Manager] As an Assistant Store Manager at Zumiez you will: Assist the Store Manager in maximizing sales results in the area of sales- merchandising & operations; Maintain personal results while training & directing the team to provide customer service; Execute product direction & make store specific product decisions to drive sales results; Open & Close the store by reconciling the register- markdowns- transfers- promotion set up- inventory audits and store execution audits. Hiring Immediately >>Tractor/Trailer TechnicianCrete Carrier Corporation Salt Lake City, UT, USARepairs and maintains diesel tractor/trailer and/or refrigeration equipment and any other work associated with tractor/trailer repair. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. • Inspects, diagnoses, and repairs brake systems, engines, electrical components, steering systems, transmissions, drive trains, and tires for tractors, trailers, and refrigeration equipment. • Performs preventative maintenance services, including changing oil, checking fluids, inspecting batteries, testing lights, and lubricating equipment. • Establishes and maintains positive working relationships. • Receives and carries out instructions. • Maintains regular and predictable attendance. Salary: . Date posted: 01/18/2021Jan 27, 2021Repairs and maintains diesel tractor/trailer and/or refrigeration equipment and any other work associated with tractor/trailer repair. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. • Inspects, diagnoses, and repairs brake systems, engines, electrical components, steering systems, transmissions, drive trains, and tires for tractors, trailers, and refrigeration equipment. • Performs preventative maintenance services, including changing oil, checking fluids, inspecting batteries, testing lights, and lubricating equipment. • Establishes and maintains positive working relationships. • Receives and carries out instructions. • Maintains regular and predictable attendance. Salary: . Date posted: 01/18/2021Chief Strategy Officer (Financial Services)ConsultNet, LLC Salt Lake City, UT, USAChief Strategy Officer (Financial Services) Location Salt Lake City, UT Start Date Nov 16, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Email Job Refer a Friend Apply with LinkedIn Job Description Chief Strategy Officer (Financial Services) Salt Lake City, UT Direct Hire Pay Range 200K - 250K + Bonus Job Description Our client in the Financial Services industry is looking for a Chief Strategy Officer to support the planning, development and implementation of corporate strategies throughout the enterprise. You will be leading and directly participating in the efforts to define, evaluate, plan and recommend new strategic initiatives for the company's consideration. The CSO will collaborate and work with employees at all levels within the organization and is expected to model the values of the corporate culture. This person will report directly to the CEO of this larger financial services enterprise. The right person in this role can will handle most of the strategic analysis, leadership and...Jan 27, 2021Chief Strategy Officer (Financial Services) Location Salt Lake City, UT Start Date Nov 16, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Email Job Refer a Friend Apply with LinkedIn Job Description Chief Strategy Officer (Financial Services) Salt Lake City, UT Direct Hire Pay Range 200K - 250K + Bonus Job Description Our client in the Financial Services industry is looking for a Chief Strategy Officer to support the planning, development and implementation of corporate strategies throughout the enterprise. You will be leading and directly participating in the efforts to define, evaluate, plan and recommend new strategic initiatives for the company's consideration. The CSO will collaborate and work with employees at all levels within the organization and is expected to model the values of the corporate culture. This person will report directly to the CEO of this larger financial services enterprise. The right person in this role can will handle most of the strategic analysis, leadership and...Information Technology Portfolio managerConsultNet, LLC Salt Lake City, UT, USAInformation Technology Portfolio manager Location Salt Lake City, UT Start Date Nov 25, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Email Job Refer a Friend Apply with LinkedIn Job Description Be a part of the ConsultNet difference. As a leading national provider of IT staffing and solutions, ConsultNet delivers exceptional services to startup, midmarket and Fortune 1000 companies across North America. Since 1996, we've partnered with clients to create rewarding opportunities for our consultants, successfully building teams that have surefire results. In the past two years alone, we have placed more than 1,500 consultants in contract, contract-to-hire, or direct placement opportunities. We understand communication is key to finding the right job that matches your skills and career goals. For us, it's not just the work that we do it's how we do the work. Our breadth of offerings extends to multiple IT positions in major markets throughout the country, see more at www.consultnet.com Id...Jan 27, 2021Information Technology Portfolio manager Location Salt Lake City, UT Start Date Nov 25, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Email Job Refer a Friend Apply with LinkedIn Job Description Be a part of the ConsultNet difference. As a leading national provider of IT staffing and solutions, ConsultNet delivers exceptional services to startup, midmarket and Fortune 1000 companies across North America. Since 1996, we've partnered with clients to create rewarding opportunities for our consultants, successfully building teams that have surefire results. In the past two years alone, we have placed more than 1,500 consultants in contract, contract-to-hire, or direct placement opportunities. We understand communication is key to finding the right job that matches your skills and career goals. For us, it's not just the work that we do it's how we do the work. Our breadth of offerings extends to multiple IT positions in major markets throughout the country, see more at www.consultnet.com Id...Intern - AccountantZions Bancorporation Salt Lake City, UT, USAIntern - Accountant2021 Full-Time Paid Summer InternshipMay through mid-AugustDid you know that Zions Bancorporation is one of the nation's premier financial services companies with total assets exceeding $70 billion? With local management teams at the helm in 11 western states, Zions is dedicated to making a difference in their local communities. At Zions, we haven't forgotten who keeps us in business, meaning we're committed to the success of our customers, and our employees. Here, the possibilities are endless - come for a job, stay for a career. Zions Bancorporation has an opportunity for an intern to join our Corporate Accounting- SEC Policy and Accounting Policy department to work alongside our Corporate Assistant Controller. The ideal candidate for this position will have the skills and experience to:Prepare financial statements and reports as required by the company, its external auditors, the Federal Reserve, SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Maintain and reconcile...Jan 27, 2021Intern - Accountant2021 Full-Time Paid Summer InternshipMay through mid-AugustDid you know that Zions Bancorporation is one of the nation's premier financial services companies with total assets exceeding $70 billion? With local management teams at the helm in 11 western states, Zions is dedicated to making a difference in their local communities. At Zions, we haven't forgotten who keeps us in business, meaning we're committed to the success of our customers, and our employees. Here, the possibilities are endless - come for a job, stay for a career. Zions Bancorporation has an opportunity for an intern to join our Corporate Accounting- SEC Policy and Accounting Policy department to work alongside our Corporate Assistant Controller. The ideal candidate for this position will have the skills and experience to:Prepare financial statements and reports as required by the company, its external auditors, the Federal Reserve, SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Maintain and reconcile...Flexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber EatsUber Eats Salt Lake City, UT, USAFlexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber Eats Salt Lake City, UT 2854_442D1A20A60ECF10A4A6543A49E9C3872507 Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Deliver with Uber Eats on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Extra Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries.* Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made...Jan 27, 2021Flexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber Eats Salt Lake City, UT 2854_442D1A20A60ECF10A4A6543A49E9C3872507 Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Deliver with Uber Eats on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Extra Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries.* Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made...Gutter Protection InstallerLeafFilter Salt Lake City, UT, USAJob DescriptionLeafFilter Gutter Protection Installers needed for immediate work as independent contractors. We provide in-depth knowledge so you can correctly and efficiently install our gutter protection system. We provide you with pre-sold jobs along with all the materials needed to install on a daily basis. The best part is we provide weekly direct deposit pay and do not require you to ever complete any estimates or sales. Working with LeafFilter is more than just another contracting job - it's an opportunity to earn a great income, freedom to grow your business on your terms, and a chance to put down roots in your community! While you're helping homeowners by installing the best gutter protection on the market, you'll be backed by the support of the largest gutter protection company in North America. Are you looking for work with weekly pay and the ability to set your own schedule? Because we're looking to grow our team of installers TODAY! What's in it for me? * Pre-sold jobs...Jan 27, 2021Job DescriptionLeafFilter Gutter Protection Installers needed for immediate work as independent contractors. We provide in-depth knowledge so you can correctly and efficiently install our gutter protection system. We provide you with pre-sold jobs along with all the materials needed to install on a daily basis. The best part is we provide weekly direct deposit pay and do not require you to ever complete any estimates or sales. Working with LeafFilter is more than just another contracting job - it's an opportunity to earn a great income, freedom to grow your business on your terms, and a chance to put down roots in your community! While you're helping homeowners by installing the best gutter protection on the market, you'll be backed by the support of the largest gutter protection company in North America. Are you looking for work with weekly pay and the ability to set your own schedule? Because we're looking to grow our team of installers TODAY! What's in it for me? * Pre-sold jobs...Retail Sales Part TimeZumiez Salt Lake City, UT, USAZumiez - 50 Main Street. - [Retail Associate / Team Member / PT] As a Retail Sales Associate at Zumiez you will: Provide customer service utilizing Zumiez selling techniques; Organize & present merchandise based on Zumiez merchandise techniques; Provide customer service & prevent loss through awareness of your assigned section. Hiring Immediately >>Jan 27, 2021Zumiez - 50 Main Street. - [Retail Associate / Team Member / PT] As a Retail Sales Associate at Zumiez you will: Provide customer service utilizing Zumiez selling techniques; Organize & present merchandise based on Zumiez merchandise techniques; Provide customer service & prevent loss through awareness of your assigned section. Hiring Immediately >>RF Electrical Engineer (New Grad- Salt Lake City, UT)L3Harris Technologies Salt Lake City, UT, USADescription: Job Title: Electrical Engineer (RF) (New Grad- Salt Lake City, UT)Job Code: CS20200608-48881Job Location: Salt Lake City, UtahJob Description: Determine design approaches and parameters Perform system analysis to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraintsUtilize modeling tools and equipment to establish operating data, conduct experimental tests, and evaluate resultsSelect components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliabilityPerform simulations and present design reviews to peer engineersWrite scripts to control synthesis and build toolsRF EngineeringRF/Microwave Device testing and evaluation including s-parameter, large signal load pull characterization as well as modulated signal measurementsMust have familiarity with common commercial RF design and analysis tools to design and analyze RF circuits and systems (i.e. ADS, HFSS, CST, MATLAB, etc)Determine design approaches and parameters. Analyze electrical requirements to...Jan 27, 2021Description: Job Title: Electrical Engineer (RF) (New Grad- Salt Lake City, UT)Job Code: CS20200608-48881Job Location: Salt Lake City, UtahJob Description: Determine design approaches and parameters Perform system analysis to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraintsUtilize modeling tools and equipment to establish operating data, conduct experimental tests, and evaluate resultsSelect components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliabilityPerform simulations and present design reviews to peer engineersWrite scripts to control synthesis and build toolsRF EngineeringRF/Microwave Device testing and evaluation including s-parameter, large signal load pull characterization as well as modulated signal measurementsMust have familiarity with common commercial RF design and analysis tools to design and analyze RF circuits and systems (i.e. ADS, HFSS, CST, MATLAB, etc)Determine design approaches and parameters. Analyze electrical requirements to...Software EngineerTEKsystems, Inc Salt Lake City, UT, USATEKsystems has partnered with one of the biggest names in streaming to build a new 100% remote team of developers. This team is will be working on developing new marketing applications that will integrate with their partner companies. The current Ad Platform is being redesigned from campaign management all the way into the ad serving side. Top Skills: • At least 6 years of Java Development experience • Experience working with Spring Boot (they use this framework to standup services) • Experience deploying services to AWS ** Please note that perspective candidates must be able to work with TEKsystems on a W2 basis. If you are interested in learning more, please apply and our delivery team will be in touch. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the...Jan 27, 2021TEKsystems has partnered with one of the biggest names in streaming to build a new 100% remote team of developers. This team is will be working on developing new marketing applications that will integrate with their partner companies. The current Ad Platform is being redesigned from campaign management all the way into the ad serving side. Top Skills: • At least 6 years of Java Development experience • Experience working with Spring Boot (they use this framework to standup services) • Experience deploying services to AWS ** Please note that perspective candidates must be able to work with TEKsystems on a W2 basis. If you are interested in learning more, please apply and our delivery team will be in touch. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the...Sr. Salesforce Administrator | Utah | 100k - 110kMason Frank International Salt Lake City, UT, USASr. Salesforce Administrator | Utah | 100k-110k As a Sr. Salesforce Administrator for our clients growing company, you will have the opportunity for tremendous growth and success. You will be responsible for acting as a team lead, overseeing other administrators on the current team.Requirements:4+ years Administrator ExperienceSalesforce Certified Admin, others are a plus Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Community Cloud expertiseProficient working in a robust, fast-paced team environmentApp-exchange experienceExperience with working in multiple Salesforce instancesUnderstanding of Salesforce best practice and what it meansEssential Functions:Customization and technical workApply previous Salesforce Systems Administration experience to proactively analyze and proliferate businesses' inner Salesforce functions via automation toolsLead a team of other Salesforce Administrators Proficiently work with internal customers Stay on track with intended time-line of new projectsJan 27, 2021Sr. Salesforce Administrator | Utah | 100k-110k As a Sr. Salesforce Administrator for our clients growing company, you will have the opportunity for tremendous growth and success. You will be responsible for acting as a team lead, overseeing other administrators on the current team.Requirements:4+ years Administrator ExperienceSalesforce Certified Admin, others are a plus Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Community Cloud expertiseProficient working in a robust, fast-paced team environmentApp-exchange experienceExperience with working in multiple Salesforce instancesUnderstanding of Salesforce best practice and what it meansEssential Functions:Customization and technical workApply previous Salesforce Systems Administration experience to proactively analyze and proliferate businesses' inner Salesforce functions via automation toolsLead a team of other Salesforce Administrators Proficiently work with internal customers Stay on track with intended time-line of new projectsListed Clearing - Operations EngineeringGoldman Sachs Salt Lake City, UT, USAMORE ABOUT THIS JOB In Global Markets, Operations Engineers build highly-scalable, low-touch systems that enable the sales and trading activities of Goldman Sachs across all asset classes (fixed income, equities, currencies and commodities). Our systems are critical for the accurate and timely processing of transactions worth hundreds of billions of dollars every day. As part of our global teams, you will work with other Engineers as well as with Operations, Sales and Trading and Finance professionals in a fast-paced environment to bring your skills to bear on the challenges and opportunities of the businesses and clients of Goldman Sachs. We are looking to hire a Vice President to act as a Team Lead in Salt Lake City while we grow our footprint here. ENGINEERINGAt Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients....Jan 27, 2021MORE ABOUT THIS JOB In Global Markets, Operations Engineers build highly-scalable, low-touch systems that enable the sales and trading activities of Goldman Sachs across all asset classes (fixed income, equities, currencies and commodities). Our systems are critical for the accurate and timely processing of transactions worth hundreds of billions of dollars every day. As part of our global teams, you will work with other Engineers as well as with Operations, Sales and Trading and Finance professionals in a fast-paced environment to bring your skills to bear on the challenges and opportunities of the businesses and clients of Goldman Sachs. We are looking to hire a Vice President to act as a Team Lead in Salt Lake City while we grow our footprint here. ENGINEERINGAt Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients....Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
