"kesäkuu 2020 - Webhelp.comSuomi (Suomi)Dansk (tanska)Deutsch (saksa)English (englanti)Español (espanja)Français (ranska)Italiano (italia)Nederlands (hollanti)Norsk (kirjanorja)Português (portugali)Română (romania)Svenska (ruotsi)Türkçe (turkki)WebhelpistäMitä TeemmeTarinammeKonserniWebhelp alueellasiUutisetKulttuurimmeThink HumanArvommeSosiaalinen vastuuToimialasiToimialasiAutot ja liikenneMuoti ja ylellisyystuotteetTalouspalvelutTerveydenhoitoHuipputeknologia ja mediaVähittäismyynti ja verkkokauppaJulkiset palvelutTietoliikenneMatkustaminen ja vapaa-aikaRatkaisummeRatkaisummeKaupallinen tukiTekninen tukiMyyntiKonsultointipalvelutAnalytiikkapalvelut & ennakoiva analytiikkaTeknologiapalvelutMaksupalvelutOikeudelliset palvelutDigitaaliset palvelutYrityspalvelutTerveydenhoitopalvelutUraLiity tiimiimmeTyöskentele ulkomaillaUravaihtoehdotYhteystiedotSearchSuomi (Suomi)Dansk (tanska)Deutsch (saksa)English (englanti)Español (espanja)Français (ranska)Italiano (italia)Nederlands (hollanti)Norsk (kirjanorja)Português (portugali)Română (romania)Svenska (ruotsi)Türkçe (turkki)Month: kesäkuu 2020Being a people-first organisation during a pandemicSHAREThe coronavirus pandemic has profoundly impacted the way we all live and work, forcing organisations to rapidly adjust to a new reality. As an organisation that prides itself on putting people at the heart, our number one priority will always be to keep our people safe. This approach, coupled with our rapid mobilisation of home working models for our clients, has uncovered our agility and adaptability, enabling us to continue growing and achieving our goals amongst this year’s challenges, which we are incredibly proud of.Protecting our peopleWebhelp is committed to making business more human, and our people are central to achieving this.In February, we entered the COVID period with an incredible team of nearly 56,000 Webhelpers, always willing to make a difference in the lives of our client’s customers as well as in their local communities. We rapidly transitioned over 70% of our teams to work remotely, with all the relevant equipment and protocols to ensure safe and regulated work. With the incredible work from our teams, in a short amount of time we have established new digital resources for team leaders to support home working operations through new communication models to support our new and existing Webhelpers in changing practices and behaviours in new working environments.From April – June, we delivered more than 650,000 masks to our colleagues. Where sites are being progressively and cautiously reopened, we continue supporting our colleague’s health through the delivery of masks and thousands of litres of hand sanitizer and extensive extra cleaning routines.Supporting our clientsWe have continued to work as trusted partners for our clients, adjusting their working practices and service models to meet the new requirements. As we have the experience of homeworking with our experienced agents at INVIRES, we were ready and able to rapidly adopt and continue a quality level of service for our clients, and support new clients where the infrastructure and local preparation wasn’t available.Introducing new technology solutions has been essential to delivering successful home working solutions, especially for clients in highly regulated environments. We have built and designed a fully PCI compliant payment service which allows full card and payment masking within home working spaces, matching the protocols we have for working on site. Through introducing IVR opportunities with retail clients, we have also been able to further support their compliance and the safeguarding of data.Hybrid models of flexible working allow colleagues to rotate shifts, working from either home or our office sites, to manage sensitive data access where necessary.Delivering growthAmongst all the chaos, our resilience has been preserved. We continued to deliver exemplary service to our clients and their customers and acquire new clients along the way.We have now welcomed a further 6,000 people into the Webhelp family, some of whom will have never been to one of our offices, using remote recruitment, onboarding, and training. In our Asia-Pacific region we have increased our total headcount by 45% since January 1st, 2020, and continue to expand our operations in different locations within this region.We are not limited to a single location site as we consider our service to be geography agnostic. Moving rapidly and flexibly, we have been able to establish fully virtual contact centres which are delivering service that is consistently outperforming against peers on first contact resolution, touchpoint net promoter score and employee engagement.The future will result in different ways of working as focus moves to introducing hybrid models, drawing the best of both worlds through local hubs acting as centres of excellence to provide knowledge sharing, coaching and training to support home workers.This crisis has forced organisations to adapt and rethink the way they deliver services and our clients, old and new, continue to rely on us to operate safely, quickly, and resiliently.by WebhelpDiscover Webhelp's Work Abroad ProgramSHAREInternational mobility means opportunities even in the most challenging of timesAs a people-first company, not only do we strive to enjoy every day but also listen to our colleagues as to how they wish to live their careers. Relocating to a new country to start an international career is always a great challenge, especially during a global crisis.At Webhelp, driving innovation is part of our DNA. That is why we have set out to make international mobility still a possible, safe and enjoyable experience! We have developed our Work Abroad program with you in mind – our colleagues who want to explore new cultures and career opportunities as well as future Webhelpers who dream of a fresh start.The Work Abroad program is part of our new Website. So, let’s dive in the online features and functionalities that will bring you closer to your dream lifestyle.Find out what country you match withMeet our interactive Job Matcher! The fun quiz is the first thing you will see when you land on our Work Abroad page. Your international journey starts by answering 3 simple questions. We use a quick algorithm that will match you with the country most suited to your personal preferences and professional goals. You might have more than one soulmate country! So, have fun and redo the quiz as many times as you wish.Find out what it is like to work in your country of choiceNow you have an idea of where you would like to live your next 12 to 24 months or maybe your entire life. So, let’s take a quick journey into that dream destination!As game-changers, we conducted a survey with people who work with us as well as former colleagues and even employees from other companies. Why? To get a real feeling of what it is like to work in the country you would like to call home.The destination section refers mainly to the overall employee sentiment within a certain region. However, this is where you will see open positions available at Webhelp in your country of choice. Likewise, from this section you can select the city (site) where we operate.We also gathered data from various reliable sources, and we recommend a monthly budget based on your salary at Webhelp in relation to the cost of living in your country of choice. This way, you can better plan for fun activities and common necessities.Dare the adventure in your favourite city!Getting the low-down on a country is great. But you will mostly live in a city while working abroad. To provide you with accurate and relevant information, we worked closely with expats living in the cities where we operate.Each piece of content was written, edited and revised by multiple members of our local creative and HR teams, with the help and input of our expat Advisors.This is where we also advertise our international open positions for our sites. So, when an available job feels like a match, apply and we will get in touch with you within a few days, if not hours.Say hi to your new lifestyleWe strive to offer you a realistic glimpse of what to expect while working abroad at Webhelp. To create this piece of content, we interviewed dozens of our expat colleagues. So, you will get a feeling of the country through their eyes and experiences.Our film crew also went the extra mile. Literally! They flew to our sites to capture the city vibe and our office culture. Follow our Webhelpers in their quest to show you authentic experiences and some impressive vistas of their second home! For example, check out how Denisz from Ukraine works and lives in Barcelona.When in doubt, contact our friendly ambassadorsBut what if you are still undecided about your chosen destination? Our colleagues from around the world will be happy to answer all your questions related to cost of living, relocation assistance, open positions and many more.We have also taken a unique approach with our FAQ section. Since we put our people at the heart, we have divided our frequently asked questions in 3 parts: Your Life, Your Career and Your Adventure. Reading through the answers will feel personal, human-orientated and transparent.Stay tuned for Meet WebhelpersWe believe in an engaging work culture. And our Webhelpers are the best ambassadors to reinforce our values. Coming soon is our new blog section featuring ‘the person behind the job’. You will find out what it is like to start and advance your career with us, how to stay resilient when you fail or how to succeed when you struggle. All these from a personal point of view of our Webhelpers!For the past 20 years, we have thrived in challenging circumstances and strived to help our people achieve their goals. Despite the current pandemic, we know that international mobility is crucial to business growth and employee satisfaction. We encourage you to explore our opportunities abroad and dream further than ever before!by WebhelpProcedures01 – List of Webhelp entities bound by the Privacy Policy : last edit 22/10/201902 – Definitions for privacy and security procedures : last edit 17/01/201903 – Data Protection Organisation and Governance : last edit 17/01/201904 – Privacy awareness and training program : last edit 17/01/201905 – Controller – Procedure for handling data subjects complaints : last edit 17/01/201906 – Processor – Procedure for handling data subjects complaints : last edit 17/01/201907 – Audit procedure : last edit 17/01/201908 – Personal Data Breach Notification : last edit 19/01/201909 – Data Protection Impact Assessment : last edit 17/01/2019by WebhelpPrivacy Policy – BCRDownload the full document here – Privacy Policy – BCRAt Webhelp, we believe that protecting Personal Data is not only a matter of security or compliance with a particular legal framework, but is a matter of individual and organisational commitment. Disclosing and sharing Webhelp standards through this Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the “Privacy Policy”) is of the utmost importance regarding the Data Subjects` legitimate expectations about how their Personal Data is Processed.In the course of its activities, Webhelp processes both internal and Client Personal Data. In this respect, Webhelp protects the Personal Data it processes on its own behalf and on behalf of its Clients by the implementation of appropriate technical, physical and administrative measures and controls. Such controls shall ensure that the whole organisation is Processing Personal Data in a consistent manner, disregarding the nature and/or place of Processing.This approach is particularly important due to the diversity of activities Webhelp covers on behalf of its Clients. As a consequence of the above and taking into consideration standards, regulations and laws applicable in the field of data protection, andthe requirements introduced by the European Regulation 2016/679 adopted on 27th April 2016 (hereinafter, the “EU Regulation”)Webhelp will process data in accordance with the following principles:Lawfulness–Personal Data shall be collected and Processed with the Data Subject having given consent to the Processing or when Processing is legitimate or necessary in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Legislation;Fairness–Personal Data Processing shall take into account the specific circumstancesand context in which such Personal Data is Processed;Transparency-Information and communication relating to the Processing of Personal Data shall be easily accessible, easy to understand, clear and in plain and simple language;Purpose limitation–Personal Data shall be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further Processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes;Data minimisation–Collected Personal Data shall be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are ProcessedAccuracy –Personal Data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date. Every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that Personal Data that is inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which it is processed, is erased or rectified without undue delay;Storage limitation –Personal Data shall be kept in a form which permits identification of Data Subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is Processed or any other lawful retention;Integrity and confidentiality –Personal Data shall be Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the Personal Data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful Processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical, physical and administrative measures;Through this Privacy Policy Webhelp intends to share and specify the detail and the principles applicable to all Webhelp Entities and provide certain group-wide standards allowing the implementation of the Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Webhelp may make available specific, local or sectorial policies. Should there be a contradiction between this Privacy Policy and such specific, local or sectorial policies, the terms of the Privacy Policy shall prevail.As the Privacy Policy aims at ensuring an adequate and consistent approach throughout the entire Webhelp organisation regarding Personal Data Processing, exceptions which could result from applicable legislations are not reflected in this Privacy Policy. As a consequence, local legislation shall be considered as an enforceable exception to this Privacy Policy and will be recorded accordingly.by WebhelpAdoption of the Organization Model of Legislative Decree 231/2001The Model represents, in accordance with Art. 6, paragraph 1, lett. a) of the Decree, an act issued by the governing body of WEBHELP PAYMENT SERVICES ITALIA SRL and constitutes the company’s internal regulations which are binding on it.WEBHELP PAYMENT SERVICES ITALIA SRL believes that the adoption of the Model constitutes, beyond the legal requirements, an additional valid instrument to raise awareness among directors, employees, colleagues and partners, and encourage them, in carrying out their own activities, to act in a lawful, upright and transparent manner in line with the ethical and social values which inspire the company in pursuing its own corporate object.Download the document hereby WebhelpCustomer ComplaintsWebhelp Payment Services and its staff work tirelessly to ensure that it permanently provides you with the best quality service, advice and attention. However, despite our vigilance, dissatisfaction or difficulties can sometimes occur.In these circumstances, you can make your complaint in accordance with article L.133-45 (French Monetary and Financial Code), following a special procedure.Download information about this procedureby WebhelpWebhelp Recruitment Privacy PolicyWebhelp Recruitment Privacy PolicyAt Webhelp, we believe that protecting Personal data is not only a matter of security or compliance with a particular legal framework but is a matter of individual and organisational commitment. Disclosing and sharing Webhelp standards within the recruitment process through this Recruitment Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the “Privacy Policy”) is of the utmost importance regarding the Data Subjects’ legitimate expectations about how their Personal Data is processed.This Webhelp Recruitment Privacy Policy is part of the Webhelp’s Privacy Policy. In case of contradiction, the Webhelp’s Privacy Policy’s measures shall prevail.1. General principleAny Personal Data shared with Webhelp when applying for a position will only be collected for our recruitment process and will only be used for this purpose. We may need to share your Personal Data, such as your Identification data, life related data or any other information you will provide us. Such Personal Data may be shared with our clients and/or with other entities of the Webhelp group. In such case, any transfer will be made under strict binding corporate agreements, including EU standards clause or Binding Corporate Rules. Such documents are available on request. For some particular positions, we may need to carry out automated decision-making.You have the right to access to your data, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or to request rectification, erasure of personal data, restriction of processing concerning you, to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. In any case, you can contact our Data Protection Officer.2. Personal data we may acquire from youWe may collect and process the following Personal Data:Information you give us by completing forms or surveys on our Website webhelp.com. We may also collect information when you let us know about an issue on our Website. Quotes under these forms are here to remind you about your rights on your Personal Data, as stated hereinafter.If you contact us, we may keep a report of this correspondence and we may record our communications for quality and training’s purposes.Details about your visits on our website -including your browsing Data, your path, your browsing language, your localisation Data or other communication’s information- and the resources you have access to.3. How long will we store your personal data?We will retain all data related to your application for two years unless (1) it becomes clear that an offer of employment will not be made, or unless (2) you instruct us differently.We will store connection Data we collect from your visit (cookies) to our website for 13 months, except for Data that have been anonymised in accordance with applicable legislation.4. Why do we collect your personal data?Any Personal Data shared with Webhelp when applying for a position will only be collected for our recruitment process and will only be used for this purpose.When using our Website, the collection of your Data helps to make our website as efficient as possible and allows you to access the interactive functions of the website. Such as to :Estimate our audience’s size and the way they use our Website.Store information about your preferences and therefore personalise our Website depending on your personal interests.Improve your searches.Recognise you when you return to our Website.Maximise professional information and share with you information about our latest opportunities corresponding to your profile, as long as you gave your consent to receive such information. We may also use your Data to inform you about changes and developments of our service.When you share Personal Data of another person with us, you confirm that they provided their consent for you to act on their behalf and that they were informed about our identity and the purposes of their Data processing.5. How do we collect your personal data?In addition to the elements mentioned in our Website Privacy Policy, Recruitment process will require Webhelp to collect data when such data is shared with us.This an happen when you share it directly with us or when third party provide us information about you. This can happen for example when you send provide us you CV, interviews or when we take references.6. Cookies policyWe can get information about your general use of the Internet by using cookies (a small file stored on your device’s hard drive). Cookies help us improve our Website and provide a more personalised and improved experience. For this purpose, we have implemented technical measures enabling us to collect your Data through your IP address and cookies. That is why we can gather your information, such as your IP address, your browser or your operating system for the administration of the system, the improvement of our Website and to make reports (for example through aggregated information). We take all the useful cautions to share only statistical Data about actions and browsing behaviours of our users that do not enable an individual’s identification.If you would like to remove cookies, please go your browsing’s instructions to localise the file or the folder where Data is stored.You can refuse to accept cookies by activating the parameter enabling you to refuse cookies’ installation. However, if you choose this parameter, some parts of our Website might not be accessible to you. If you do not adjust your browser’s parameters so that it refuses cookies, our system will send cookies when you connect to our Website.We also have links to social networking such as, but not limited to Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. These are third party websites, we shall not be held responsible of the Data they collect. We invite you to read more about their Privacy Policy :TwitterLinkedInFacebook7. Sharing personal data with third partiesIn order to provide you with the best recruitment process, we sometimes need to share your Data within the Webhelp group. In some cases, we can share your Data with third parties, especially with our technical or HR partners and sometimes with our clients. We will share your Data only with partners demonstrating sufficient guarantees regarding the implementation of appropriate technical and organisational measures to respect your rights and keep your Data safe.Subject to your previous agreement, we will sometimes share your contact details so that you receive information’s message about latest positions likely to interest you from our partners. These messages can take the shape of a mail, a phone call, a fax, an email or some other electronic messaging services. By providing your fax or phone number or your email address, you accept to be reached through these methods for the purposes to which you specifically gave your consent. If you do not want to receive any information from us, please click here.We may share your Data with third parties (1) In case of selling or purchase of one of our entities (2) If we or all of our assets are acquired by a third party (3) If we have to divulgate or share your contact details in case of any legal obligation (4) To protect our rights, property and safety or our users (5) In case of information’s exchange with other companies and organisations for the purpose of preventing fraud.8. Where do we store your personal data and how do we protect it?Any information you provide us is stored on our secure servers. Your Personal Data is stored in the European Economic Space but can also be transferred or stored in a place out of the European Economic Space or within the Webhelp group. It can be processed by people out of the European Economic Space working for us or for one of our providers and partners. By consenting to give your data, you agree to this transfer (that can include transfers to countries where the legislation is less protective than it is in the European Economic Space), this storage or this processing. We take all reasonable measures to insure that your Data is being processed in a secure way and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Unfortunately, sending information on the Internet is never completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your contact details, we cannot guarantee the security of the Data delivered on our Website. As soon as we receive your details, we use strict proceedings and safety measures to prevent any illegal access to your Data.9. Your rightsAt Webhelp, we are committed to upholding the rights granted by Data Protection law. The information below will enable you to carry out your rights. You can make a request through all the means indicated in the contact section or by using our online form.Right to access your Personal Data: You have the right to be informed about whether your Personal Data is being processed by Webhelp or its partners. If this is the case, we will explain how these partners use your Data and we will let you know about the purposes of the processing, what kind of Data is being processed, to whom and where your Data is being shared, for how long it is stored and if your Data is being subject to an automated individual decision-making. You can also ask us to provide a duplicate of your Data, this could lead to reasonable fees payment based on the potential administrative cost we could have. These fees will not be enforced if we share your Data through your right to data portability.Right to rectification: Having accurate Data is essential to us. That is why we will rectify your inaccurate Data in the shortest timescale possible.Right to erasure (« right to be forgotten”): Apart from where there are opposing measures, we will erase your Data in order to comply with our legal obligations, especially when your Data is no longer required, or when you request deletion.Right to restriction of processing: You can ask Webhelp to restrict your Personal Data processing if you consider that your Personal Data is inaccurate or if you ask us for the erasure of your Personal Data. Moreover, you can ask us to restrict processing if you have the right to object to this processing.Right to portability: You can receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format as long as the processing is carried out by automated means. When technically possible, you can have your Personal Data directly transmitted to another controller.Right to object: In some circumstances and on grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data. When you make this request and that it complies with law, we will not process your Data unless we demonstrate that it is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest that would prevail on your fundamental rights. We can also process your Personal Data if it is necessary to noticing, exercise or defence of legal rights. If you do not want to receive opportunities from us, please click here.Right to lodge a complaint: If you think that Webhelp does not respect this Privacy Policy or that your rights granted by law are not rightly ensured by Webhelp, you have the right to lodge a complaint to a Data Protection Authority. In all cases, do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address: privacy@webhelp.com.Finally, we will take all reasonable measures to notify to every recipient of Personal Data every rectification or erasure or this Personal Data or every restriction of processing, unless such a notification turns out to be impossible or demands disproportionate efforts.10. Changes linked to our privacy policyAny major change that we will make in this Webhelp Recruitment Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. If this change turns to be substantial, we commit to inform you about it as soon as possible by using reasonable means.10. Governing legislationUnless otherwise required by any applicable law, any difficulty, claim or litigation generated by or in relation with the present terms and conditions shall be settled according to French laws. French jurisdictions are fully and solely competent to hear of any legal dispute rising out of these terms and conditions.11. ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy and how we use your personal data, please contact us at the following email address: privacy@webhelp.com.Or write to our Data Protection Officer at the following address:Group Data Protection OfficerLegal and Compliance Department161 rue de Courcelles75017 – PARISFRANCEby WebhelpWebsite Privacy PolicyAt Webhelp, we believe that protecting Personal data is not only a matter of security or compliance with a particular legal framework but is a matter of individual and organisational commitment. Disclosing and sharing Webhelp standards through this Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the “Privacy Policy”) is of the utmost importance regarding the Data Subjects’ legitimate expectations about their Personal Data is processed.This website Privacy Policy is part of the Webhelp’s Privacy Policy. In case of contradiction, the Webhelp’s Privacy Policy’s measures shall prevail.This website Privacy Policy is the basis of all Data processing we will perform with the Personal Data you provide to us through this website https://webhelp.com and its domains and all the URL addresses that could replace it in the future (hereinafter the “Website”), as well as all the searches you make on this website and/or every use of the Website by any operator connected to the Website (hereinafter the “User”).1. Personal data we may acquire from youWe may collect and process the following Personal Data:Information you give us by completing forms or surveys on our Website www.webhelp.com. We may also collect information when you let us know about an issue on our Website. Quotes under these forms are here to remind you about your rights on your Personal Data, as stated hereinafter. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsuscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us.If you contact us, we may keep a report of this correspondence and we may record our communications for quality and training’s purposes.Details about your visits on our website -including your browsing Data, your path, your browsing language, your localisation Data or other communication’s information- and the resources you have access to.2. How long will we store your data?We will store Data we collect from your visit to our website for 13 months, except for Data that have been anonymised in accordance with applicable legislation.However, in some situations we may store your Data for longer periods, including (i) as long as your account is open and until its closure (ii) during the duration stated in the services’ agreement between you and Webhelp.3. Why do we collect your personal data?Your Data enables us to make sure that our Website is the most efficient possible and to allow you to take part to the interactive functions of the Website. Such as to:Estimate our audience’s size and the way they use our Website;Store information about your preferences and therefore personalise our Website depending on your personal interests;Improve your searches and our Website;Recognise you when you return to our Website;Maximise commercial information and share with you information about our products and services corresponding to your personal interests, as long as you gave your consent to receive such information. In certain circumstances, your Data allows us to fulfill our obligations in relation to a contract between us and you. (for example, executing an order or service, sending documentation, etc. We may also use your Data to inform you about changes and developments of our service.When you share Personal Data of another person with us, you confirm that they provided their consent for you to act on their behalf and that they were informed about our identity and the purposes of their Data processing.4. How do we collect your data?In addition to the elements mentioned in paragraph 1 – Data that we may acquire from you- we have implemented technical measures enabling us to collect your Data through your IP address and cookies. That is why we can gather your information, such as your IP address, your browser or your operating system for the administration of the system, the improvement of our Website and to make reports (for example through aggregated information). We take all the useful cautions to share only statistical Data about actions and browsing behaviours of our Users that do not enable an individual’s identification.5. Cookies policyFor the same reason, we can get information about your general use of the Internet by using cookies (a small file stored on your device’s hard drive). Cookies help us improve our Website and provide a more personalised and improved service.If you would like to remove cookies, please go your browsing’s instructions to localise the file or the folder where Data is stored.You can refuse to accept cookies by activating the parameter enabling you to refuse cookies’ installation. However, if you choose this parameter, some parts of our Website might not be accessible to you. If you do not adjust your browser’s parameters so that it refuses cookies, our system will send cookies when you connect to our Website.We also have links to social networking such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. These are third party websites, we shall not be held responsible of the Data they collect.We invite you to read more about their Privacy Policy :TwitterLinkedInFacebook6. Sharing personal data with third partiesIn order to provide you with the best service, we sometimes need to share your Data within the Webhelp group. In some cases, we can share your Data with third parties, especially with our technical or commercial partners. We will share your Data only with partners demonstrating sufficient guarantees regarding the implementation of appropriate technical and organisational measures to respect your rights and keep your Data safe.Subject to your previous agreement, we will sometimes share your contact details so that you receive information’s message about services and products likely to interest you from our partners. These messages can take the shape of a mail, a phone call, a fax, an email or some other electronic messaging services. By providing your fax or phone number or your email address, you accept to be reached through these methods for the purposes to which you specifically gave your consent. If you do not want to receive any marketing information from us, please click here.We may share your Data with third parties :In case of selling or purchase of one of our entities or goods, we can share your contact details to the potential seller or purchaser of these entity or goods ;If we or all of our goods are acquired by a third party, all the contact details we store will be therefore transferred ;If we have to divulgate or share your contact details in case of any legal obligation ;To protect our rights, property and safety or our consumers ;In case of information’s exchange with other companies and organisations for the purpose of preventing fraud and reducing the credit risk.7. Where do we store your personal data and how do we protect it?Any information you provide us is stored on our secure servers. Your Personal Data is stored in the United Kingdom but can also be transferred or stored in a place out of the European Economic Space or within the Webhelp group. It can be processed by people out of the European Economic Space working for us or for one of our providers and partners. By consenting to give your contact details, you agree to this transfer (that can include transfers to countries where the legislation is less protective than it is in the European Union), this storage or this processing. We take all reasonable measures to insure that your Data is being processed in a secure way and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Unfortunately, sending information on the Internet is never completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your contact details, we cannot guarantee the security of the Data delivered on our Website; sending this is at your own risk. As soon as we receive your details, we use strict proceedings and safety measures to prevent any illegal access to your Data.8. Your rightsAt Webhelp, we are committed to upholding the rights granted by Data Protection law. The information below will enable you to carry out your rights. You can make a request through all the means indicated in the contact section or by using our online form.Right to access your Personal Data – You have the right to be informed about whether your Personal Data is being processed by Webhelp or its partners. If this is the case, we will explain how these partners use your Data and we will let you know about the purposes of the processing, what kind of Data is being processed, to whom and where your Data is being shared, for how long it is stored and if your Data is being subject to an automated individual decision-making. You can also ask us to provide a duplicate of your Data, this could lead to reasonable fees payment based on the potential administrative cost we could have. These fees will not be enforced if we share your Data through your right to data portability.Right to rectification – Having accurate Data is essential to us. That is why we will rectify your inaccurate Data in the shortest timescale possible.Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) – Apart from where there are opposing measures, we will erase your Data in order to comply with our legal obligations, especially when your Data is no longer required, or when you request deletion.Right to restriction of processing – You can ask Webhelp to restrict your Personal Data processing if you consider that your Personal Data is inaccurate or if you ask us for the erasure of your Personal Data. Moreover, you can ask us to restrict processing if you have the right to object to this processing.Right to portability – You can receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format as long as the processing is carried out by automated means. When technically possible, you can have your Personal Data directly transmitted to another controller.Right to object – In some circumstances and on grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data. When you make this request and that it complies with law, we will not process your Data unless we demonstrate that it is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest that would prevail on your fundamental rights. We can also process your Personal Data if it is necessary to noticing, exercise or defence of legal rights.If you do not want to receive marketing information from us, click here.Right to lodge a complaint – If you think that Webhelp does not respect this Website Privacy Policy or that your rights granted by law are not rightly ensured by Webhelp, you have the right to lodge a complaint to a Data Protection Authority. In all cases, do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address: privacy@webhelp.comFinally, we will take all reasonable measures to notify to every recipient of Personal Data every rectification or erasure or this Personal Data or every restriction of processing, unless such a notification turns out to be impossible or demands disproportionate efforts.9. Changes linked to our website privacy policyAny change that we will make in this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. If this change turns to be substantial, we commit to inform you about it as soon as possible by using reasonable means.10. ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy and how we use your personal data, please contact us at the following email address: privacy@webhelp.com.Or write to our Data Protection Officer at the following address:Group Data Protection OfficerLegal and Compliance Department161 rue de Courcelles75017 – PARISFRANCEby WebhelpWebsite Terms & ConditionsTerms and conditions and legal mentionsThe hereby Terms and Conditions apply to the website available at the address www.webhelp.com or any other URL address, area or subarea which might be used to host the website later on (hereafter the “Website”), as well as to any research made on the aforesaid Website, and/or any use by the visitor accessing the Website (hereafter the “User”). Any consultation, use or transmission of the Website shall imply User acceptance without reservation of Terms and Conditions hereafter defined.If you have any question or complaint, you can contact Webhelp here.1. Intellectual property rightsThe Website is processed by Webhelp SAS (hereafter “Webhelp”). Webhelp is the owner or rightful licensee of any components and contents protected by intellectual property rights and available on the Website. Data base, components, contents presentation and all the elements (texts, visuals, photographs, videos, database, etc.), trademarks, logos and area names, which appear on the Website included, are Webhelp property, and where appropriate the property of its partners, and are protected by intellectual property governing laws. The User is granted access to the Website and the pages in accordance with the proposed navigation. All the rights which are not expressly conceded by Webhelp are deemed to be reserved.No element incorporated in the Website shall be either partly or fully copied, reproduced, extracted from, modified, reedited, charged, denatured, transferred, displayed or distributed, on any support, without Webhelp prior written consent and shall be in compliance with the intellectual property rights and of any other right mentioned. Any unauthorised reproduction of any element of the Website, as well as any unauthorised extraction of data from the Website or from Website database is forbidden and may lead to judicial legal proceedings for counterfeit, unfair competition and damage to image among others.Where the use of Website elements is authorised through these Terms and Conditions and provided that the source and parenthood of such element is systematically mentioned, such a use should not end up to a denaturation, deterioration, modification, alteration in any manner as the case may be. Where applicable the following mention has to be visible on any authorised copy of any Website component: “Copyright 2018 – Webhelp all rights reserved” followed by a lien redirecting to https://webhelp.com.2. Hypertext linksWebhelp has no control over third-party website. The existence of hypertext link between the Website and a third-party website does not result in Webhelp giving any kind of guaranties or exercising any kind of responsibility over the content or usage which may be performed on this website. Webhelp shall in any case be separately or jointly held liable with the third-party website publisher whose hypertext links redirect to the Website or to which Website directs to through a hypertext link. More specifically Webhelp shall not be held liable of a third-party website content reachable from a Website page or third-party websites which redirect to a page of the Website through a hypertext link.Webhelp will make its best to remove Hypertext links pointing to any inappropriate content that you would notify us.3. Personal data protectionFor any additional information regarding Personal Data, cookies used by the Website and Users rights, the User may refer to the section “Website Privacy Policy” or “Webhelp Recruitment Privacy Policy”.4. LiabilityUnless required by any mandatory legal provision, the website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Webhelp makes, and user receives, in connection with the use of the Website no other warranty, express or implied, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, of fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Webhelp do not promise that the Website, or any content service or feature, including any information and documents downloaded by you are free of error or defects, or that the aforementioned will be corrected. The above exoneration can be completed by any provision of the Terms and Conditions.Unless contradicted by any mandatory legal provision, Webhelp disclaims any and all liability for any damage directly or indirectly suffered by the User or any third party, in connection with or related to the use of any component and content of this Website. Webhelp shall not be held liable for any direct or indirect damage, material or immaterial damage such as, but not limited to loss of profit, loss of chance, loss customer, loss of data, loss of image and / or immaterial damage suffered by the User.5. Website availabilityEven though Webhelp has taken all the necessary steps to ensure the reliability of the information, services, software or products contained on the Site, it cannot be held liable for errors, omissions, viruses or results that could be obtained by misuse of these. Webhelp is actually held only by a simple obligation of means.The User declares and guarantees that they know the characteristics and the constraints of the Internet and in particular that the transmission of data and information on the Internet only enjoys a relative technical reliability, these circulating on heterogeneous networks with different technical characteristics and capabilities that disrupt access or make it impossible at certain times.Webhelp strives to keep the Website accessible 24/7, but is under no obligation to do so and therefore provides no guarantee of availability or permanent accessibility or performance. Webhelp and / or its suppliers may / may also interrupt their access, notably for reasons of maintenance and upgrading of the Site or its hosting infrastructure, or any other legitimate reason for Webhelp. Webhelp is in any case responsible for these interruptions and the consequences that may result for the User or any third party. It is also recalled that Webhelp may terminate or modify the characteristics of the Website at any time and without notice.6. ContentsThe User shall be the author or have secured the rights of any content published on the Website being reminded that (i) any publication on the Website equals authorization for Webhelp to reproduce and represent such a content and (ii) the User remains the only responsible for the content.In any event, the User is the only responsible of the contents he/she would be able to publish on the Website. Therefore, Webhelp rejects any liability regarding words and remarks that could be published on our Website. In particular, the User restrains from holding any unlawful, insulting, defamatory, xenophobic, discriminatory or obscene words as well as harming Privacy, Intellectual Property and rights relating to the personality. Webhelp reserves the right to remove any unlawful words without any notice or damages, without prejudice to any lawsuit against the author of such words. The User guarantees and hold Webhelp non-liable for any complaint, lawsuit or condemnation linked to data and content published by the User on the WebsiteIn any case Webhelp shall be held liable for any loss, deterioration or corruption of User’s Data linked to his/her contribution to the Website. Any information or advice from Webhelp shall not be seen as a guarantee and shall not have any contractual value.Besides, the User commits to publish contents that are neither malicious nor likely to harm the Website or its hosting infrastructure. Webhelp and/or its processor reserve the faculty to erase without prior notice or damage any content published by a User and harming or likely to harm the good working of the Website, without prejudice to potential lawsuits.7. SecurityWebhelp makes its best efforts to ensure the Website’s security in accordance with applicable rules within the industry. However, the User is aware of the risks inherent to the use of electronic communications and especially the risks linked to the Data delivery on the Internet. In a more general way, it is the User’s duty to implement all the usual protections linked to browsing. Therefore, Webhelp will not guarantee anything in that case.In any case, the User restrains from any reverse engineering or de-compiling attempt of any part of the website, from any fraudulent intrusion or attempt to fraudulent intrusion within the service system hosting the Website as well as in the software enabling its working; from any breach of trust, theft, erasure, misappropriation or non-authorised modification of the Website’s technical Data, subject to prosecution.8. Governing legislationUnless otherwise required by any applicable law, any difficulty, claim or litigation generated by or in relation with the present terms and conditions shall be settled according to French laws. French jurisdictions are fully and solely competent to hear of any legal dispute rising out of these terms and conditions.9. Legal noticesWebsite’s publisher:WEBHELP SASRegistration number: 431977370161, rue de Courcelles75017 Paris+33 1 44 40 33 40contact@fr.webhelp.comWeb host:by WebhelpThe future of travel in the post COVID worldThe arrival of COVID-19 may have changed the travel industry forever. We’ve asked sector expert, and Webhelp Group Chief Sector Growth Officer, Nora Boros, to reflect on how far we have come and, most importantly, what the future holds for this most human of industries?What was the travel industry landscape prior to COVID-19, were there any ongoing issues, or significant changes on the horizon?Although it feels like an age away right now, looking back to 2019 the outlook for the travel industry was fairly optimistic and, on the whole, the industry was in a place of maturity in customer experience - especially when compared with other sectors which might be perceived as being weaker in this area such as financial services.In fact, the industry had developed some depth in the ability to emotionally and personally connect with its audience, in order to deliver unique leisure experiences. Brands were using new consumer behaviours to create buy in, especially in creating enriched customer journeys, something that I explored in a previous blog.As travel is such a broad and diverse industry, some disruption was evident and there were emerging players and newcomers to the market, joining travel from competing sectors.There was the growth of personalised, sustainable and eco-tourism, and its impact on the traditional value, luxury and price based travel campaigns - plus the continued arrival of start-ups, bringing new technology, fresh services and additional booking avenues to the industry.Unfortunately, some areas of the travel industry were already financially fragile. For example, where low operating margins coincide with high cost in distribution or intermediation. This is especially apparent in models where there are go-betweens such as resellers, who are bridging the gap for providers and the consumers themselves, and draining income flows.Alongside this, there was the growing financial challenge faced by the traditional retail brick and mortar travel providers from new players in digital technology.And, there was huge impact from the way that technology can very quickly, change a regional provider to a global one – going digital provides the ability to easily disseminate an offer across multiple geographies and languages.Interestingly, at Webhelp we are in the perfect position to provide support in this area, creating a unified customer experience across multiple markets.What was the initial response to COVID-19 from the industry, and what challenges did Webhelp face as a company?In the past decade, the travel industry has weathered many storms, including the ash cloud crisis in 2010 and the impact of the tragic events of 9/11. So when COVID hit, there was the awareness that it was going to hurt – but it was approached with a certain amount of resilience.We saw a significant drop in sales volumes across our existing client operations, which we approached with a high degree of flexibility. As a people first company, we value our people and moved to protect them with swift workforce management measures like redeployment and adapted hours while working to reduce negative financial impact on our clients.The travel industry has a substantial learning curve when producing the best customer advisors, particularly in the airline, tour-operating and hospitality segment. There must be a deep understanding of the sector, tools and processes – which can only be provided by time-served and highly trained advisors.We focussed on retaining this wealth of experience; we knew that once the immediate challenge passed, our clients would need a highly skilled service.And, it’s important to note, that as sales volumes fell, customer service needs in areas like refunds, information and rescheduling rose dramatically. We protected the industry and our clients by cross-skilling advisors, redeploying them and introducing homeworking, where possible, to protect our people and ensure continuation of service.We have also deployed automation where possible to accelerate digital transformation at a lower cost.We entered a crisis discussion with one of our clients, who were understandably deeply concerned for their business and were considering calling off their contract. In response we provided a clear and robust financial roadmap through the crisis, working with local legislation to retain our people, safeguard their salaries and reduce the financial drain on our client and the ability to re-invest the savings to the post-crisis situation.And now, as the industry is gradually returning to business under the next normal, our client is in an ideal position to come back strongly – and appreciates the flexibility, cost reduction and value Webhelp brought to the long term relationship.Can we touch on the impact of COVID from an air travel perspective?Yes, obviously the global travel industry has a symbiotic relationship with the airline industry, because travel by its very nature is closely linked to transportation.The past three months have created a highly unusual situation, with limited (or no) cross border transportation and grounding several airlines. This is without a doubt one of the single largest crisis’ to hit ANY industry, and we will see ripples and consequences for the next decade, if not longer.There will be lasting consumer trends resulting from this, including a renewed interest in sustainable tourism and more purposeful, meaningful travel.The recovery period for airlines may create a decrease in availability resulting in a potential price increase, both for the leisure market and particularly for business travellers. I think that for the corporate market, recovery will be much longer, and many companies will need to adapt their propositions to suit this new reality.As a consequence we should see short term growth in domestic markets, as people have less in their pockets and less opportunity for international travel. There will be a return to travel as a simpler and more meaningful activity, with family relationships and new experiences assuming greater importance as some global destinations are limited.The way ahead for the industry and your thoughts on the future of Travel under COVID-19?Transformation and restructuring will be visible across the whole industry, which is already evident in the actions of Ryanair and British Airways and hotel chains like Marriott and Hilton. Travel companies will need focused customer experience during this difficult time and Webhelp can really support operational and digital transformation in this area.Change is certainly ahead for the hospitality industry, and some independent hotels could struggle to comply with the new social distancing regulations, reduced guests and increased costs required to stay open while maintaining the bottom line.Travel brands, like Airbnb, Booking.com and Expedia, with more diversified portfolios or private rentals where new regulations and safety measures can be introduced quickly, may be in a position to benefit.As we live more flexible work lives, leisure travel will become blended with business needs, creating the new travel concept of ‘Bleisure’, something that we will be exploring in future blogs.The real trends will become more apparent in the first quarter of next year, as the financial and social effects of COVID become clearer.And finally, I think that the human experience of travel, the need for personal contact and connection will be increasingly valued and promoted.Travel is the most universal way to unlock boundaries and understand how diverse and beautiful the world is, and I am confident that the industry will recover and remerge. It may be changed but will remain just as meaningful.In future blogs we will explore the travel horizon in further detail, re-imagining the customer experience and looking at how this can unlock meaningful opportunities for the travel industry. Feel free to contact Nora Boros via LinkedIn and to explore more of our services.by WebhelpSearchRecent PostsMake a privacy requestFrost & Sullivan tunnustaa Webhelpin johtavaksi innovaation ja kasvun toimijaksi vuoden 2020 eurooppalaisessa CX-tutkassaRising to travellers’ expectations for the future of travelWebhelp named CXM Leader by EverestGroup for the second time in 2020Webhelp Confirming End of Operations in Kaunas, LithuaniaRecent CommentsArchivestammikuu 2021joulukuu 2020marraskuu 2020lokakuu 2020syyskuu 2020elokuu 2020kesäkuu 2020toukokuu 2020maaliskuu 2020tammikuu 2020joulukuu 2019lokakuu 2019syyskuu 2019heinäkuu 2019marraskuu 2018syyskuu 2018kesäkuu 2018toukokuu 2018huhtikuu 2018maaliskuu 2018tammikuu 2018syyskuu 2017elokuu 2017kesäkuu 2017toukokuu 2017huhtikuu 2017maaliskuu 2017helmikuu 2017tammikuu 2017joulukuu 2016lokakuu 2016syyskuu 2016heinäkuu 2016kesäkuu 2016marraskuu 2015lokakuu 2015kesäkuu 2015toukokuu 2015joulukuu 2014syyskuu 2014helmikuu 2014lokakuu 2013syyskuu 2013helmikuu 2013CategoriesUncategorized @fiBPOIndustriesFashion & LuxuryTerveydenhoitoVähittäismyynti ja verkkokauppaMatkustaminen ja vapaa-aikaUutisetArtikkelitYritysAikakauslehdetSolutionsAnalytiikka ja hallintopalvelutMarkkinoinnin tukiKonsultoitipalvelutYrityspalvelutTerveydenhoitopalvelutSalesJulkaisutCareerlegal-terms-conditionslegal-privacylegal-payment-servicesEnglishBusiness'Local' news by countryAlgeriaArgentinaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCzech RepublicDenmarkEstoniaFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceIndiaItalyIvory CoastJordanKosovoLatviaLithuaniaMadagascarMoroccoNetherlandsNorwayPolandPortugalPuerto RicoRomaniaSingaporeSouth AfricaSpainSurinamSwedenSwitzerlandTurkeyUkraineUnited KingdomUnited States of AmericaMetaKirjaudu sisäänSisältösyöteKommenttisyöteWordPress.orgWebhelpistäMitä TeemmeKonserniWebhelp alueellasiTutustuToimialasiRatkaisummeUutisetUraAvoimet työpaikatTyöskentele ulkomaillaYhteisöOta yhteyttäThink HumanLakiasiatHallinto ja riskienhallintaEvästeasetukset© 2020. Kaikki oikeudet pidätetään. Sivuston tuottanut MyStudio FactoryTilaaTwitterSähköpostiosoitteesiTilaaLakiasiatHallinto ja riskienhallintaEvästeasetukset© 2020. Kaikki oikeudet pidätetään. Sivuston tuottanut MyStudio FactorySähköpostiosoite1/3Haluan keskustella...By specifying your request, we will be able to offer you the most suitable interlocutorI want to talk about…Webhelp-ratkaisut	 Ura Lehdistö	 Muu	2/3Minä olenYour titleNimikkeesi *	Hra	Rva	Your countrymaata *	Afganistan	Åland Islands	Albania	Algeria	Samoa	Andorra	Angola	Anguilla	Antarctica	Antigua ja Barbuda	Argentiina	Armenia	Aruba	Australia	Itävalta	Azerbaidžan	Bahama	Bahrain	Bangladesh	Barbados	Valko-Venäjä	Belgia	Belize	Benin	Bermuda	Bhutan	Bolivia	Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba	Bosnia ja Hertsegovina	Botswana	Bouvet Island	Brasilia	British Indian Ocean Territory	Brunei	Bulgaria	Burkina Faso	Burundi	Kambodža	Kamerun	Kanada	Kap Verde	Cayman Islands	Keski-Afrikan tasavalta	Tšad	Chile	Kiina	Christmas Island	Cocos (Keeling) Islands	Kolumbia	Komorit	Kongon tasavalta	Kongon demokraattinen tasavalta	Cook Islands	Costa Rica	Norsunluurannikko	Kroatia	Kuuba	Curaçao	Kypros	Tšekki	Tanska	Djibouti	Dominica	Dominikaaninen tasavalta	Ecuador	Egypti	El Salvador	Päiväntasaajan Guinea	Eritrea	Viro	Etiopia	Falkland Islands (Malvinas)	Faroe Islands	Fidži	Suomi	Ranska	French Guiana	French Polynesia	French Southern Territories	Gabon	Gambia	Georgia	Saksa	Ghana	Gibraltar	Kreikka	Greenland	Grenada	Guadeloupe	Guam	Guatemala	Guernsey	Guinea	Guinea Bissau	Guyana	Haiti	Heard Island and McDonald Islands	Vatikaani	Honduras	Hong Kong	Unkari	Islanti	Intia	Indonesia	Iran	Irak	Irlanti	Isle of Man	Israel	Italia	Jamaika Japani	Jersey	Jordan	Kazakstan	Kenia	Kiribati	Pohjois-Korea	Etelä-Korea	Kuwait	Kirgisia	Laos	Latvia	Libanon	Lesotho	Liberia	Libya	Liechtenstein	Liettua	Luxemburg	Macao	Pohjois-Makedonia	Madagaskar	Malawi	Malesia	Malediivit	Mali	Malta	Marshallinsaaret	Martinique	Mauritania	Mauritius	Mayotte	Meksiko	Mikronesia	Moldova	Monaco	Mongolia	Montenegro	Montserrat	Marokko	Mosambik	Myanmar	Namibia	Nauru	Nepal	Alankomaat	New Caledonia	Uusi-Seelanti	Nicaragua	Niger	Nigeria	Niue	Norfolk Island	Northern Mariana Islands	Norja	Oman	Pakistan	Palau	Palestinian Territory, Occupied	Panama	Papua-Uusi-Guinea	Paraguay	Peru	Filippiinit	Pitcairn	Puola	Portugali	Puerto Rico	Qatar	Réunion	Romania	Venäjä	Ruanda	Saint Barthélemy	Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha	Saint Kitts ja Nevis	Saint Lucia	Saint Martin (French part)	Saint Pierre and Miquelon	Saint Vincent ja Grenadiinit	Samoa	San Marino	São Tomé ja Príncipe	Saudi-Arabia	Senegal	Serbia	Seychellit	Sierra Leone	Singapore	Sint Maarten (Dutch part)	Slovakia	Slovenia	Salomonsaaret	Somalia	Etelä-Afrikka	South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands	Etelä-Sudan	Espanja	Sri Lanka	Sudan	Suriname	Svalbard and Jan Mayen	Swazimaa	El Salvador	Sveitsi	Syyria	Taiwan	Tadžikistan	Tansania	Thaimaa	Itä-Timor	Togo	Tokelau	Tonga	Trinidad ja Tobago	Tunisia	Turkki	Turkmenistan	Turks and Caicos Islands	Tuvalu	Uganda	Ukraina	Yhdistyneet arabiemiirikunnat	Yhdistynyt kuningaskunta	Yhdysvallat	United States Minor Outlying Islands	Uruguay	Uzbekistan	Vanuatu	Venezuela	Vietnam	Virgin Islands, British	Virgin Islands, U.S.	Wallis and Futuna	Länsi-Sahara	Jemen	Sambia	Zimbabwe	Sukunimesi *Etunimesi *Sähköpostiosoitteesi *Puhelinnumerosi *Yrityksesi nimiAmmattinimikkeesi3/3ViestiniKirjoita viesti tähän *By submitting this form you agree to ourTietosuojakäytäntö ja käyttöehdot *SubscribeTilaa uutiskirjeAlasi	Autot ja liikenne	Muoti ja ylellisyystuotteet	Talouspalvelut	Terveydenhoito	Huipputeknologia ja media	Vähittäismyynti ja verkkokauppa	Julkiset palvelut	Tietoliikenne	Matkustaminen ja vapaa-aika	Valitse palvelun tyyppi	Markkinoinnin tuki	Tekninen tuki	Myynti	Konsultoitipalvelut	Analytiikka ja hallintopalvelut	Teknologiapalvelut	Maksupalvelut	Lakiasiainpalvelut	Digitaaliset palvelut	Yrityspalvelut	Terveydenhoitopalvelut	Paris161 rue de Courcelles75017 Paris+33 (0)4 79 96 89 50reception@wps.webhelp.comSee all locations"
