"Trade Marketing Manager to Fiskars (Rörstrand) - InhouseKommunikationEkonomiBusiness ServicesHRInhouse VästOm InhouseOm oss Våra referenskunder Media Våra guider Seminarium, nätverk och utbildningar Möt några av våra medarbetare Kontakta ossDetta uppdraget är ej aktivt längre.Hem / Tjänster & Uppdrag / Trade Marketing Manager to Fiskars (Rörstrand)Trade Marketing Manager to Fiskars (Rörstrand)Great opportunityThe purpose of this role is to lead implementation of Rörstrand/ License marketing strategy in Sweden together with Sales Unit marketing and sales teams. Main content of the role is to lead brand and trade marketing based on annual plans provided by Scandinavian Living Business.The ultimate goal of the function is to make an impact on consumers and drive Rörstrand/ License brand preference in all consumer touchpoints (omnichannel approach) and thereby secure Rörstrand/ License sustainable and profitable growth.In this role, you would report to Head of Marketing Sweden, while strongly co-operating with Retail marketing manager, PR & communication Manager and Global Rörstrand/License marketing and business team.The position•You will be in charge of planning and leading the execution of Rörstrand/License annual marketing plan and annual campaign plan and toolbox. You will have the overall implementation responsibility for all Rörstrand/License plans in Sweden, including media investments, influencer cooperation, Social media and product placements.•	Annual pricing, product portfolio creation and channel strategy will be among your key responsibilities.•	Planning and managing customer and retail specific activities, steering creation of POS materials and supporting sales is an important part of your duties.•	You will be providing coaching and support on a daily basis to PR, Trade and Retail marketing specialists within the Swedish Sales Unit. In order to succeed you will co operate with Global Business Unit and other internal key stakeholders.•	You will also initiate and take part in sales follow up and analyse and follow up on brand performance in the market. Monthly reporting as well as budget and cost follow up is required in this position.The ideal candidateYou should have a degree in Business or Marketing, equivalent to master’s level. We expect you to have 5+ years of marketing experience and a proven track-record of delivering outstanding marketing results. Experience from retail marketing/sales as well as knowledge of retail market dynamics and shopper behaviour in in store environment is considered a plus.You have a holistic and wide understanding of multichannel strategies and activities. Ability to lead and form the national marketing strategy as well as planning and executing campaigns while improving them continually. You should have excellent written and spoken skills in Swedish and English.We offer you an interesting position in a global company with well-known brands. Fiskars team is a globally diverse team with a shared mission. We work together to create an environment where everyone can and wants to do their best. Our values – innovation, integrity, accountability and teamwork – are deeply integrated in the way we do business. We believe that the more inspired we are, the more innovative and efficient we can become. We are making the everyday extraordinary for our team members and to our customers.About the companyFiskars Group’s purpose is to make the everyday extraordinary. With our family of lifestyle brands including Fiskars, Gerber, Iittala, Royal Copenhagen, Waterford, and Wedgwood, we want to create a positive, lasting impact on our quality of life. Our products are available in more than 100 countries and we employ around 7,900 people in over 30 countries. Please visit us at www.fiskarsgroup.com for more information.ApplicationSounds interesting? Please apply with your application. We encourage you to submit your application as soon as possible. Deadline is 10th of May. The position is full time at Fiskars headquarter in Stockholm. If you have questions, please contact mia.molin@inhouse.seFler jobbKommunikatör till BesqabLäs mer »CRM-specialist till ICA banken (uppdrag)Läs mer »Executive Assistant till kund i cityLäs mer »Se alla jobb »Inhouse är ett konsultföretag inom organisationsutveckling, rekrytering och bemanningKommunikationEkonomiBusiness ServicesHRInhouse VästNorrmalmstorg 14	111 46 Stockholm	+46 (0)8-52 22 33 10	info@inhouse.se©2021 Inhouse AB | WebbplatskartaSEO & Webbyrå: Brandson ABInhouse ABinfo@inhouse.se+46 (0)8-52 22 33 10"
