"www.cameroonjobs.net-Job DetailsTel No. (+237)-650492387 -+447770724824JobSeeker LoginHOMEJOB SEARCHADVANCE SEARCHCOMPANY JOBSCATEGORYGENERALCOMPANYRECENT JOBSABOUT USCONTACTFREE JOB POSTINGJOBCHAT×Cameroonjobs JobSeeker PortalRemember MeRegisterCreate a New Account !CloseLoginJob DetailsDate Posted : Oct 28, 2020Project Manager (SFCG) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : PROJECT MANAGEMENTQualification/Work Experience :referred Qualifications University degree at master's level in social sciences, project management, international development or any other similar field, or a bachelor's degree combined with at least 5 years experience in this field Desired experience Demonstrate a progressive experience of at least 5 years in management and coordination positions in Peacebuilding, Preventing/Transforming violent extremism; Demonstrate an excellent knowledge of conflict dynamics and peace opportunities in Cameroon; Excellent skills in budget management and budget planning, demonstrated by relevant experience Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Excellent writing and communication skills in English and French Fluency in at least one or two languages spoken in the subregion will be considered an asset As job descriptions cannot be exhaustive, the position holder may be required to undertake other duties that are broadly in line with the above key responsibilities.Job Description:ameroon faces escalating crises that threaten the relative peace and security the country has enjoyed since independence. This presents risks to impact several key overall development indicators, including education and socio-economic welfare. Search and our local partner, Local Youth Corner (LOYOC), have designed an innovative 24-month project to foster trust building and collaboration among and between citizens, law enforcement, and justice sector actors in Cameroon. LOYOC, an experienced local civil society organization, will lead implementation, capitalizing on their extensive experience across Cameroon. We will combine an iterative series of capacity building, trust building activities, and platforms for dialogue and joint action planning to meet the project goal and objectives. In addition, local ownership and respect to culture, religion, and traditions are streamlined throughout all activities and approaches, in order to maximize impact and promote sustainability. To this end, Search is looking for a Project Manager for the implementation of its activities in Cameroon. Key Area 1: Project management, planning, reporting and budget management. The Project Manager is in charge of the overall implementation of the project, including managing the subaward LOYOC. In Cameroon, he is directly responsible for the planning and implementation of Search for Common Ground activities, as well as subaward management and monitoring of LOYOC activities. The Project Manager is responsible for : ● Develop budgeted work plans and implementation schedule, ToRs of activities, funding requests; ● Plan and monitor the implementation of project activities in the target regions ; ● Ensure that the implementation of the program complies with Search and contractual agreements, policies and procedures; ● Oversee subaward project implementation, monitor progress towards results ● Strengthen LOYOC capacities in project management, Common Ground approach and tools,… as revealed by the partner’s capacity assessment ● Support the partner to develop methodology of project activities to ensure they are implemented in a conflict sensitivity manner and along the Common Ground approach ● Monitor the BvA and the actual/planned project expenditure, submit expenditure reports and supporting documents after a careful check of form, substance and quality; ● Produce quality narrative reports, success stories, testimonials, analyses of the progress of the implementation of activities in the field, and the results achieved by the action. ● Work in close collaboration with the political-administrative and security authorities of the area for the adaptation and implementation of the activities planned by the project. Key Area 2: External representation. In coordination with the Nigeria Country Director, the Regional Lake Chad Programs Manager, the Project Manager is responsible for collaboration with institutional partners in the field and for representing Search in appropriate for a in Cameroon. ● Build relationships with the State and financial and technical partners in Cameroon; ● Support the registration process of Search in Cameroon ● Participates in the various coordination mechanisms with other humanitarian organizations in the field at the request of the project leader; ● Participates in relevant technical groups in Cameroon As job descriptions cannot be exhaustive, the position holder may be required to undertake other duties that are broadly in line with the above key responsibilities. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Only applicants invited for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls please. Please see our website www.sfcg.org for full details of our work. All Search Employees must adhere to the values: Shared Humanity - Empathy - Impartiality - Inclusivity - Courage - Hope - Humility - Audacity. In accordance with these values, Search enforces compliance with the Code of Conduct and related policies on Anti Workplace Harassment, Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Conflict of Interest and Anti-fraud. Search for Common Ground does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations. View our code of conduct here and our privacy policy here.EMPLOYER : CAMEROONJOBS.NETEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.cameroonjobs.netAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 04, 2020Informaticien (College Bilingue GEDCENTER) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ICTQualification/Work Experience :Appel à candidature pour le recrutement d’un informaticien Le collège bilingue GEDCENTER, un important établissement scolaire basé à Yaoundé au lieu-dit Terminus Nkolbong (route abattoir Etoudi), lance le recrutement d’un informaticien. Profil des candidats : Les candidats doivent être titulaires d’un BAC + 2 au moins et justifier d’une expérience professionnelle significative dans le domaine de l’éducation. Ils devront répondre aux exigences suivantes : Avoir de solides connaissances en informatique ; Pouvoir gérer le parc informatique d’un établissement scolaire ; Capable d’enseigner l’informatique avec les programmes et les langues en vigueur ; Capable de concevoir, mettre en place et gérer une salle d’informatique ; Etre doté d’une bonne culture générale et littéraire ; Faire preuve de rigueur, méthode et d’engagement ; Capable de faire un suivi pédagogique et éducatif des élèves. Compétences recherchées : Avoir une forte capacité d’analyse et de synthèse ; Avoir un bon sens de l’organisation ; être dotée d’une aisance relationnelle ; avoir un goût pour le travail en équipe ; Avoir de bonnes aptitudes communicationnelles ; Etre dynamique et disponible.Job Description:Appel à candidature pour le recrutement d’un informaticien Le collège bilingue GEDCENTER, un important établissement scolaire basé à Yaoundé au lieu-dit Terminus Nkolbong (route abattoir Etoudi), lance le recrutement d’un informaticien. Profil des candidats : Les candidats doivent être titulaires d’un BAC + 2 au moins et justifier d’une expérience professionnelle significative dans le domaine de l’éducation. Ils devront répondre aux exigences suivantes : Avoir de solides connaissances en informatique ; Pouvoir gérer le parc informatique d’un établissement scolaire ; Capable d’enseigner l’informatique avec les programmes et les langues en vigueur ; Capable de concevoir, mettre en place et gérer une salle d’informatique ; Etre doté d’une bonne culture générale et littéraire ; Faire preuve de rigueur, méthode et d’engagement ; Capable de faire un suivi pédagogique et éducatif des élèves. Compétences recherchées : Avoir une forte capacité d’analyse et de synthèse ; Avoir un bon sens de l’organisation ; être dotée d’une aisance relationnelle ; avoir un goût pour le travail en équipe ; Avoir de bonnes aptitudes communicationnelles ; Etre dynamique et disponible. Composition du dossier de candidature et contacts Une lettre de motivation adressée au Principal du GEDCENTER, avec précision du poste à pourvoir, Un Curriculum Vitae détaillé faisant ressortir les expériences professionnelles, Une copie certifiée conforme des diplômes obtenus, une copie des certificats de travail, Des attestations et autres certifications pertinentes. Les dossiers complets doivent être envoyés au plus tard le 13 Septembre 2020 à l’adresse ci-après. E-mail : info@gedcenter.fr Seules les candidatures retenues seront contactées.EMPLOYER : CAMEROONJOBS.NETEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.cameroonjobs.netAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 04, 2020C4D National Consultant (UNICEF) Buea/ BamendaRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Fixed TermPrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : CONSULTANCYQualification/Work Experience :QUALIFICATION AND EXPERIENCE Education : A University Degree (BAC+3) in social and behavioral science, sociology, anthropology, psychology, education, communication, public relations or other related social science field is required. Experience : A minimum of 2 years of professional experience in areas of social development program planning, communications and public advocacy and/or related areas at the international and/or large organization some of which preferably were served in a developing country is required. Language : Fluency in English is required, Knowledge of another official UN language and Pidgin is an asset VI. CONDITION OF WORK : The Consultants are expected to provide their own laptop and other required equipment, software and relevant facilities to complete his/her assignment tasks.Job Description:OBJECTIVE : The National C4D/RCCE Consultant will primarily focus on supporting COVID-19 response. The incumbent of the position will support for the coordinated design and implementation of a UNICEF supported C4D/RCCE strategy for prevention and response to COVID outbreak in Bamenda. The Officer provides technical and operational support to the C4D Team and internal colleagues by administering, implementing, monitoring and/or evaluating a variety of C4D initiatives and activities to promote community engagement and participation, and measurable behavioral and social change/mobilization , engaging with communities, local partners and other stakeholders to help prepare and protect individuals, families and communities during response to COVID-19. III. ACTIVITIES : Support to strategy design and development of C4D/RCCE activities Research and/or participate in conducting comprehensive C4D situation analysis of social, communication, cultural, economic and political issues in Bamenda. Collect and synthesize qualitative and quantitative information and data to support the establishment of comprehensive and evidence-based information for developing and implementing the component of the COVID response RCCE pillar as per agreed standards and benchmarks. Assist the local government in running the RCCE Pillar meetings and provide technical expertise in C4D. Collect, synthesize, draft and/or organize materials and related documentations for evidence-based C4D/RCCE strategies and plans to ensure optimum impact, scale and sustainability of achievements/results in the framework of COVID-19 response. Monitor and assess the impact of C4D strategies and activities and provide data and feedback to monitor progresses of C4D/COVID response weekly. The report must include rumors/response(s), challenges/solutions, gaps, recent activities and requests for support. Support to the implementation of C4D/RRCE activities Collaborate with partners to provide operational and technical support to strategies in the areas of participatory communication, RCCE and behaviour change and on appropriate materials and media to reach target audiences research. Provide technical, administrative and logistical support in coordination with other UNICEF's relevant sections and implementing partners, to: (1) Reach target population with culturally appropriate and gender sensitive messages to reduce health risks with reference to both physical and behavioural aspects, (2) Develop capacities for RCCE, behavioural change/promotion and community outreach mobilization among local partners and stakeholders to address issues of fear/stigma associated with COVID, (3) Develop, pre-test, edit, and produce culturally relevant communication materials meeting requirements and quality standards. Manage with actors at community level to identify rumors, to assess information needs, coordinate and map out priority gaps and identify key C4D RCCE/COVID interventions involving groups at risk, social mobilizers and creation of resources and platforms. Advocacy, networking and partnership building Work with UNICEF sectoral partners at local level to incorporate and integrate their normative guidance and activities into the RCCE efforts, as well as with other sectors. Develop and improve a strong partnership with community groups, local authorities and civil society to promote participation in positive social and behavioral change activities related to COVID response/mobilization. Collaborate with internal /regional communication partners to harmonize, link and/or coordinate messaging to enhance C4D outreach and contribution to programmatic outcomes related to COVID-19 response. Innovation, knowledge management and capacity building Support the organization, administration and implement capacity building initiatives to enhance the competencies of social mobilisers and other key actors/influencers. Develop training materials for training activities, and revise and update them as necessary. Institutionalize/share best practices and knowledge learned/products with global/local partners and stakeholders to build capacity of practitioners/users and disseminate products to key audiences including partners and donors. Research, Monitoring and Evaluation Based on results of Monitoring and Evaluation efforts, guide the revisions of the communication strategy and messages through participatory micro-planning with government officials, programme staff, and other UNICEF partners. Analyze and evaluate data to ensure compliance and achievement of objectives and recommend corrective action, when necessary, to meet programme/project objectives. IV. Key Expected Results, Deliverables and Fees Payment Results / Resultats Deliverables / Livrables Date Payment 1. Support to strategy design and development of C4D activities is provided Support to implementation of C4D activities is provided Advocacy, networking and partnership building Knowledge management and capacity building Research, Monitor and Evaluate Monthly report is received and endorsed by the Supervisor 30 days (By end Sept 2020) 33,33% 2. Support to strategy design and development of C4D activities is provided Support to implementation of C4D activities is provided Advocacy, networking and partnership building Knowledge management and capacity building Research, Monitor and Evaluate Monthly report is received and endorsed by the Supervisor 31 days (By end Oct 2020) 33,33% 3. Support to strategy design and development of C4D activities is provided Support to implementation of C4D activities is provided Advocacy, networking and partnership building Knowledge management and capacity building Research, Monitor and Evaluate Monthly report is received and endorsed by the Supervisor 31 days (By end Nov 2020) 33,33% SUPERVISION : The primary supervisor of the contract will be the Chief of UNICEF Buea Field Office. The secondary supervisor providing specific technical guidance will be the Chief C4D section in coordination with the National C4D/RCCE COVID-19 consultant based in Buea. The consultant will be expected to provide technical COVID-19 risk communications support inside the region covering his duty station. A travel plan will be developed based on the need for risk communications/communication support. Travel costs within their Duty station will be covered by UNICEF Buea office. VIII. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION Application shall be submitted to UNICEF Cameroon before the deadline containing the following required documentation: Technical Proposal: Consultant shall prepare a proposal in response to the ToR, ensuring that the purpose, objective, scope, criteria and deliverable of the assessment are addressed. Draft work plan and timeline for the assessment should be included. The technical Proposal shall also include updated CV and personal history Forms (P11) of the consultant, and copies of 2 assessments performed previously by the consultant. Financial Proposal: Offer with cost breakdown: Consultancy fees, travel costs, Daily Substance Allowance (DAS) other costs. The Financial Proposal shall be submitted in a separate file, clearly named Financial Proposal Please submit the Technical and Financial Proposal SEPARATELY. For every Child, you demonstrate… UNICEF's values of Care, Respect, Integrity, Trust, and Accountability (CRITA) and core competencies in Communication, Working with People and Drive for Result. UNICEF is committed to diversity and inclusion within its workforce, and encourages all candidates, irrespective of gender, nationality, religious and ethnic backgrounds, including persons living with disabilities, to apply to become a part of the organization. UNICEF has a zero-tolerance policy on conduct that is incompatible with the aims and objectives of the United Nations and UNICEF, including sexual exploitation and abuse, sexual harassment, abuse of authority and discrimination. UNICEF also adheres to strict child safeguarding principles. All selected candidates will be expected to adhere to these standards and principles and will therefore undergo rigorous reference and background checks. Background checks will include the verification of academic credential(s) and employment history. Selected candidates may be required to provide additional information to conduct a background check. Advertised: Sep 01 2020 W. Central Africa Standard Time Application close: Sep 14 2020 W. Central Africa Standard Time Apply via website, https://jobs.unicef.orgEMPLOYER : UN JOBSEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.unjobs.orgAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 04, 2020Head of Regional Bureau Centra Africa (Interpol) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : SECURITYQualification/Work Experience :This vacancy announcement pertains to law enforcement officials within INTERPOL's member states only. Please read the Conditions of Secondment in force at INTERPOL as well as the Vacancy notice that are available at the bottom of the page (bullet points). INTERPOL embraces diversity and is committed to achieving diversity & inclusion within its workforce. Qualified applicants from under-represented member countries and women are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be aware that your home Administration/Agency/Service/Government will be responsible for all of your salary/remuneration, social insurance, pension contributions, welfare benefits, family allowances, benefits during your assignment at INTERPOL as well as travel, removal expenses related to your arrival at and departure from INTERPOL and any other related costs depending on your circumstances. It is requested that you obtain in writing, confirmation from your home Administration/Agency/Service/Government that it agrees with these CONDITIONS OF SECONDMENT. This confirmation letter should be forwarded to us THROUGH THE NCB, who needs to validate your application. POST INFORMATION Title of the post: SECONDMENT - Head of Regional Bureau, Central Africa Reference of the post: INT02531 Directorate: Global Outreach and regional Support Duty station: Yaoundé, Cameroon Length and type of contract: 3 Year , Secondment Grade: 2 Number of posts: 1 Security level: Basic Deadline for application: 31 October 2020 INTERPOL is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes the applications of all qualified candidates who are nationals of INTERPOL member countries, irrespective of their racial or ethnic origin, opinions or beliefs, gender, sexual orientation and disabilities. INTERPOL places no restrictions on the eligibility of candidates, without distinction as to race or ethnic origin, religion, opinions, gender, sexual orientation or disabilities. However, the national policy and laws in force in INTERPOL host countries may mean that staff members’ spouses or partners, while legally recognized by the Organization, are not given the same recognition when they reside in certain duty stations. When this is the case, the Organization will inform the candidates accordingly to ensure that they are aware of the situation and allow them to make an informed decision. Confidentiality Regime In application of Article 114.1 of INTERPOL’s Rules on the Processing of Data (RPD), the General Secretariat is “responsible for determining authorization procedures or a system of security clearance at each data confidentiality level”. Member states which are not able or willing to assist INTERPOL in performing such a check should be aware that some INTERPOL information might not be made available to their nationals working at INTERPOL. In order to be able to access police information classified as “INTERPOL For official use only” or “INTERPOL RESTRICTED”, the individual has to obtain “INTERPOL Restricted” security clearance. This clearance is granted after Basic security screening. For seconded or other officials assigned to work or assist at the General Secretariat by a member country, in lieu of Basic security screening, the respective NCB shall attest that the equivalent of the INTERPOL Basic security screening has been satisfactorily completed. This means that the following verifications will not be performed by the General Secretariat but are considered to have been taken care of by the respective NCB. In order to be able to access police information classified as “INTERPOL CONFIDENTIAL”, the individual has to obtain “INTERPOL Confidential” security clearance. This clearance is granted after Enhanced security screening. Under no circumstances should clearance be granted simply because of an official’s rank, post held, or length of service. Staff may only gain access to General Secretariat premises and to police information if the appropriate INTERPOL security clearance has been obtained. In order to reduce the secondment timeline, and as the Enhanced security screening may take some time, the seconded Official requiring INTERPOL Confidential security clearance may be authorized to start the secondment if the NCB can confirm that the equivalent to Basic security screening has been performed. Access to INTERPOL CONFIDENTIAL information will not be authorized until Enhanced security screening is confirmed. Available documents CONDITIONS OF SECONDMENT FOR OFFICIALS - YAOUNDE.pdf VN INT02531 Head of RB Yaounde.pdfJob Description:This vacancy announcement pertains to law enforcement officials within INTERPOL's member states only. Please read the Conditions of Secondment in force at INTERPOL as well as the Vacancy notice that are available at the bottom of the page (bullet points). INTERPOL embraces diversity and is committed to achieving diversity & inclusion within its workforce. Qualified applicants from under-represented member countries and women are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be aware that your home Administration/Agency/Service/Government will be responsible for all of your salary/remuneration, social insurance, pension contributions, welfare benefits, family allowances, benefits during your assignment at INTERPOL as well as travel, removal expenses related to your arrival at and departure from INTERPOL and any other related costs depending on your circumstances. It is requested that you obtain in writing, confirmation from your home Administration/Agency/Service/Government that it agrees with these CONDITIONS OF SECONDMENT. This confirmation letter should be forwarded to us THROUGH THE NCB, who needs to validate your application. POST INFORMATION Title of the post: SECONDMENT - Head of Regional Bureau, Central Africa Reference of the post: INT02531 Directorate: Global Outreach and regional Support Duty station: Yaoundé, Cameroon Length and type of contract: 3 Year , Secondment Grade: 2 Number of posts: 1 Security level: Basic Deadline for application: 31 October 2020 INTERPOL is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes the applications of all qualified candidates who are nationals of INTERPOL member countries, irrespective of their racial or ethnic origin, opinions or beliefs, gender, sexual orientation and disabilities. INTERPOL places no restrictions on the eligibility of candidates, without distinction as to race or ethnic origin, religion, opinions, gender, sexual orientation or disabilities. However, the national policy and laws in force in INTERPOL host countries may mean that staff members’ spouses or partners, while legally recognized by the Organization, are not given the same recognition when they reside in certain duty stations. When this is the case, the Organization will inform the candidates accordingly to ensure that they are aware of the situation and allow them to make an informed decision. Confidentiality Regime In application of Article 114.1 of INTERPOL’s Rules on the Processing of Data (RPD), the General Secretariat is “responsible for determining authorization procedures or a system of security clearance at each data confidentiality level”. Member states which are not able or willing to assist INTERPOL in performing such a check should be aware that some INTERPOL information might not be made available to their nationals working at INTERPOL. In order to be able to access police information classified as “INTERPOL For official use only” or “INTERPOL RESTRICTED”, the individual has to obtain “INTERPOL Restricted” security clearance. This clearance is granted after Basic security screening. For seconded or other officials assigned to work or assist at the General Secretariat by a member country, in lieu of Basic security screening, the respective NCB shall attest that the equivalent of the INTERPOL Basic security screening has been satisfactorily completed. This means that the following verifications will not be performed by the General Secretariat but are considered to have been taken care of by the respective NCB. In order to be able to access police information classified as “INTERPOL CONFIDENTIAL”, the individual has to obtain “INTERPOL Confidential” security clearance. This clearance is granted after Enhanced security screening. Under no circumstances should clearance be granted simply because of an official’s rank, post held, or length of service. Staff may only gain access to General Secretariat premises and to police information if the appropriate INTERPOL security clearance has been obtained. In order to reduce the secondment timeline, and as the Enhanced security screening may take some time, the seconded Official requiring INTERPOL Confidential security clearance may be authorized to start the secondment if the NCB can confirm that the equivalent to Basic security screening has been performed. Access to INTERPOL CONFIDENTIAL information will not be authorized until Enhanced security screening is confirmed. Available documents CONDITIONS OF SECONDMENT FOR OFFICIALS - YAOUNDE.pdf VN INT02531 Head of RB Yaounde.pdfEMPLOYER : CAMEROONJOBS.NETEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.cameroonjobs.netAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 04, 2020WASH Officer (UNICEF) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Fixed TermPrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ENGINEERINGQualification/Work Experience :To qualify as an advocate for every child you will have: Education: A University degree in Water, Hygiene or Sanitation sciences, Rural engineering, Hydrology, Hydrogeology or related technical field. Experience: A minimum of two (2) years of professional work experience in project administration related to Water, Hygiene and Sanitation sector, including WASH infrastructures construction, hygiene promotion, data collection and analysis, monitoring and evaluation. Developing country work experience and/or familiarity with emergency is considered an asset. Language Requirements: Fluency in French is required. Working knowledge of English or another official UN language is considered as an asset. Knowledge of any local language of the duty station is considered as an advantage.Job Description:How can you make a difference? The WASH Officer reports to the Chief of WASH for supervision. The WASH Officer provides technical, operational and administrative assistance throughout the WASH programming process. The Officer prepares, manages and implements a variety of technical and administrative tasks, related to the development, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of the WASH output results of the country Programme. Key functions and accountabilities : 1. Programme development and planning Draft updates for WASH in the situation analysis, to inform the development of WASH-related outcome and output results. Research and report on trends in WASH, for use in Programme development, management, monitoring, and evaluation. Prepare technical reports and inputs for programme preparation and documentation, ensuring accuracy, timeliness and relevance of information. Contribute to the development/establishment of WASH-related outcome and output results, as well as related strategies, through analysis of WASH sector needs and priorities. Provide technical and administrative support throughout all stages of programming processes by executing/administering a variety of technical programme transactions, preparing materials/documentations, complying with organizational processes and management systems, to support progress towards the WASH-related outcome and/or output results in the country Programme. Prepare required documentations/materials to facilitate review and approval processes. 2. Programme management, monitoring and delivery of results Work collaboratively with colleagues and partners to collect/analyze/ share information on implementation issues, provide solutions on routine programme implementation and alert appropriate officials and stakeholders for higher-level interventions and/or decisions. Keep records of reports and assessments for easy reference and/or to capture and institutionalize lessons learned. Participate in monitoring and evaluation exercises, programme reviews and annual sectoral reviews with government and other counterparts and prepare reports on results for required action/interventions at the higher level of programme management. Monitor and report on the use of sectoral programme resources (financial, administrative and other assets), verify compliance with approved allocations, organizational rules, regulations/procedures and donor commitments, standards of accountability and integrity. Report on issues identified to enable timely resolution by management/stakeholders. Prepare sectoral progress reports for management, donors and partners. 3. Technical and operational support for programme implementation Undertake field visits and surveys, collect and share reports with partners/stakeholders. Report critical issues, bottlenecks and potential problems to supervisor, for timely action. Provide technical and operational support to government counterparts, NGO partners, UN system partners and other country office partners/donors on the application and understanding of UNICEF policies, strategies, processes and best practices in WASH, to support programme implementation. 4. Humanitarian WASH preparedness and response Draft requisitions for supplies, services, long-term agreements and partnership agreements to ensure UNICEF is prepared to deliver on its commitments for WASH in case of an emergency. Study and fully understand UNICEF's procedures for responding in an emergency. Take up support roles in an emergency response and early recovery, as and when the need arises. 5. Networking and partnership building Build and sustain close working partnerships with government counterparts and national stakeholders through active sharing of information and knowledge to facilitate programme implementation and build capacity of stakeholders to achieve WASH output results. Draft communication and information materials for WASH programme advocacy to promote awareness, establish partnership/alliances and support fund-raising for WASH. Participate in inter-agency meetings on UNDAF planning, to integrate and harmonize UNICEF output results and implementation strategies with UNDAF development and planning processes. Research information on potential donors and prepare resource mobilization materials and briefs for fund raising and partnership development purposes 6. Innovation, knowledge management and capacity building Assist in the development, implementation, monitoring and documentation of WASH action research and innovation (technical or systems). Assist in the preparation of learning/knowledge products, covering innovative approaches and good practices, to support overall WASH sector development. Assist in creating and delivering learning opportunities for UNICEF WASH staff, to ensure our sector capacity remains up-to-date with latest developments. Participate as a resource person in capacity building initiatives to enhance the competencies of clients/stakeholders. For every Child, you demonstrate. UNICEF's values of Care, Respect, Integrity, Trust, and Accountability (CRITA) and core competencies in Communication, Working with People and Drive for Results. The functional competencies required for this post are: Analyzing (2) Applying technical expertise (2) Learning and researching (2) Planning and organizing (2) View our competency framework at: http://www.unicef.org/about/employ/files/UNICEF_Competencies.pdf UNICEF is committed to diversity and inclusion within its workforce, and encourages all candidates, irrespective of gender, nationality, religious and ethnic backgrounds, including persons living with disabilities, to apply to become a part of the organization. UNICEF has a zero-tolerance policy on conduct that is incompatible with the aims and objectives of the United Nations and UNICEF, including sexual exploitation and abuse, sexual harassment, abuse of authority and discrimination. UNICEF also adheres to strict child safeguarding principles. All selected candidates will be expected to adhere to these standards and principles and will therefore undergo rigorous reference and background checks. Background checks will include the verification of academic credential(s) and employment history. Selected candidates may be required to provide additional information to conduct a background check. Remarks: This internal vacancy advertisement is ONLY open to all personnel with an ongoing employment relationship with UNICEF, including staff members on a continuing, fixed term and temporary appointment, individual contractors and full-time time-based consultants, and UNV. It does not include interns and employees of external entities performing duties for UNICEF. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted and advance to the next stage of the selection process. Advertised: Aug 31 2020 W. Central Africa Standard Time Application close: Sep 13 2020 W. Central Africa Standard TimeEMPLOYER : UN JOBSEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.unjobs.orgAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 01, 2020IT Manager (IRC) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ICTQualification/Work Experience :Qualifications Bachelor’s and/or Master’s university degree in Computer Engineering and/or equivalent in relevant field Technical Skills & Experience: At least 5 years’ experience in IT Service Management Strong troubleshooting skills, with the ability to effectively convey technical troubleshooting results to IT peers for seamless issue resolution Experience in Virtualization technologies using VMware Background in networking technologies using Cisco and/or Cyberoam Proficiency with client-server environment using Microsoft Server 2008/2012 implementing Active Directory, DNS, DHCP and group policy objects Familiarity in server and endpoint updating and patching methodologies Strong technical writing/documentation skills Experience in providing support in an environment that implements ERP is an advantage Soft Skills and Competencies: Ability to work harmoniously with other staff members in cross cultural contexts. Excellent verbal communication and report-writing skills with the ability to convey information effectively in local language – English would be nice to have as an additional working language. Customer & client centered and service oriented mind & attitude, and ability to work under pressure and carefully carry out instructions. Proven sense of professional discretion, integrity, and ability to manage situations diplomatically and to effective resolution. Language Skills: Excellent English and French listening and writing is mandatory Computer Skill: Good proficiency in supporting industry standard IT infrastructure and applications Certificates or Licenses: A+, CCNA, ITIL, PMP, MCSE or similar certifications preferredJob Description:Scope: The IT Department supports the Country Program work by providing reliable and scalable applications and infrastructure of the IRC’s offices in Cameroon. An integral component of this effort is ensuring that Country Program have the capacity to implement and support these IT initiatives effectively across the field sites. Reporting to the Operations Coordinator and to Regional IT Director, the IT Manager will be the lead IT person in the Country, ensuring IT Service management for desktop support to end users, Network configurations and Server system administration, end users applications installations, mobile devices configurations, installation and configuration of network printers and other computers peripherals and local domain management. He will also be the focal point for all Country and HQ led IT projects in the Country, including ITEGRA and BvA online administration. A key aspect of this role is ensuring all technology implementations in-country conforms to the global IT policies and procedures hence working closely with the Regional IT Director is vital. Major Responsibilities: Work in collaboration with the Regional IT Director and the Operations Coordinator to manage information technology and computers systems in all offices where IRC Cameroon operates in the Country Program. Interact with all business units in the Country Program, including the Programs department, the Operations units and field offices to ensure understanding of business needs and ensure that efficient support is delivered. Work with and coordinate the tasks of other field office IT staff members to ensure timely delivery of IT project activities and resolution of IT issues. Conduct relevant training sessions to ensure that staff members possess the knowledge and skills commensurate with their responsibilities specially in using the technologies being implemented in IRC Manage installation, configuration, maintenance, repair, security and IT documentation of local area networks, servers, desktop/laptop computers, communication resources and other office equipment following IT standards and procedures. In consultation with the Regional IT Director, champion IT projects initiated by IRC HQ/IT. Test and evaluate new technologies that will improve IT support processes in country and region. Work with the Regional IT Director, the IRC Network Operations Center (NOC) and Internet Service provider to ensure that offices are connected to Internet at all times and that all users are connected to the LAN and have access to Internet. Work with the Operations Coordinator and Regional IT Director to deploy and maintain Servers and Active Directory and domain services at the Country level, including management of AD computers and users’ accounts, DNS, DHCP, centralized computers updating and patching and GPO management. In collaboration with the Supply Chain department, manage vendors’ contracts and agreements, and follow up on timely payment of vendors’ bills with relevant IRC departments. Participate in tender processes and vendors’ evaluation and selections by providing IT specifications that follow IRC IT Standard. Help ensure successful implementation of IRC IT global initiatives and uphold the IRC IT Acceptable Use Policy. Support the Country Program for effective INTEGRA deployment and BvA online implementation. Participate in the annual budget planning and ensure allocation for the necessary IT investments to acquire the required infrastructure that corresponds to the business needs Perform other duties as directed by the Operations Coordinator. Key Working Relationships: Position Reports to: Operations Coordinator and Regional IT Director. Position directly supervises: IT Assistants Other internal and/or external contacts: Internal: Program Coordinators, Finance Controller, HR & Supply Chain Coordinators, Field Coordinators External: Vendors and Consultants Presentation of the file. An up to date (CV); Cover Letter The names, positions, telephone number and e-mail address of at least two professional references; NB: Deadline for the admissibility of files: 12nd September, 2020 at 5 p.m. promt. Female candidates are strongly encouraged. Only the preselected candidates will be contacted. Interested candidates should apply via the website, https://rescue.csod.comEMPLOYER : International Rescue Committee (IRC)EMPLOYER'S LOCATION : YaoundeAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 01, 2020WPE Case Management Assistants (Plan Int.)Buea/BamendaRequired No. of Employee's : 2Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : PROJECT MANAGEMENTQualification/Work Experience :Qualifications Bachelor of Arts or Science in Social Science, Law, Psychology, Public Health, Humanities or other related field, desirable. SKILLS AND ABILITIES At least, one year of experience in counseling, social work or other related field; To be of Cameroonian nationality; Clear understanding of and interest in the well-being of women and girls, and supporting their healing after the experience of violence; Strong ability to maintain composure, prioritize work under pressure, and work in a difficult environment; Fluency in English is required as well as fluency in local language of the intervention area; Clear understanding of gender, human rights, and issues surrounding violence against women and girls; Demonstrated understanding of and ability to maintain confidentiality and respect for clients; Positive and professional attitude, including ability to work well in a team setting; Strong ability to organize work, meet deadlines, maintain composure, prioritize work under pressure, coordinate multiple tasks and maintain attention to detail. Gender requirement (if applicable): FemaleJob Description:SCOPE OF WORK: The WPE Case Management Assistant(s) is/are in charge of implementation of GBV prevention and response activities. The WPE Case Management Assistant(s) will strengthen the prevention scope of the programming through information dissemination activities on available services and main GBV topics. S/he will also focus on conducting awareness raising sessions on GBV/COVID-19 prevention measures and on GBV topics including humanitarian principles, protection and other instruments to community members affected in the areas of intervention. The WPE Case Management Assistant(s) will also contribute to GBV/COVID 19 monitoring activities, referrals and GBV case management activities. The WPE Case Management Assistant will respect the principle of confidentiality of the information received during the activities. S/he will work closely with the WPE Manager, WPE Officers, M& E Officer and other Mobile Team members to provide GBV prevention and response during deployment. The WPE Case Management Assistant will report to the WPE Officer. Basic responsibilities Provide a survivor-centered case management service with emotional support and help the survivor regain control of their lives. 1. Provide age-appropriate case management, including assessment of client needs; basic, crisis counseling (and in some contexts further individual counseling); development of action plans with clients; support to clients in pursuing services and support. 2. Provide services to child and adolescent survivors of GBV, including case management as well as best interest determination, age appropriate engagement and decision-making by survivors, and Do No Harm analysis. 3. Lead age-appropriate and specialized group emotional services to be provided to vulnerable women and girls through identified or established safe spaces. Technical Quality GBV Case Management & Referrals Adhere to the GBV guiding principles throughout all GBV case management and psychosocial interventions. This includes ensuring confidentiality of survivors, and respect for their wishes and decisions. Provide age-appropriate case management, including assessment of client needs; basic, crisis counseling (and in some contexts further individual counseling); development of action plans with clients; support to clients in pursuing services and support. Provide services to adolescent survivors of GBV, including case management as well as best interest determination, age appropriate engagement and decision-making by survivors, and Do No Harm analysis. Lead age-appropriate and specialized group emotional services to be provided to vulnerable women and girls through identified or established safe spaces Identify concerns related to and support adherence to GBV referral protocols and GBV guiding principles, and bring these concerns to the WPE Response Officer. Work with PRoL teams to facilitate internal and external referrals. Contribute to the update and development of a solid service mapping in the intervention area Maintain good relationships with service providers in the intervention area Refer persons at-risk to relevant / appropriate service providers, including health centers, community-based organizations, NGO programs or other care services in the intervention areas. Work with WPE Community Outreach teams to exchange information and ensure that IRC programs are responding to the evolving needs of communities. Maintain effective working relationships with relevant stakeholders including community leaders and other implementing partners. Reporting and Data management Ensure ethical and confidential data collection during monitoring and evaluation. Monitor the progress of the program and identify any delays that have been or may be expected Ensure that activities are fully documented, including regular and systematic collection of data required. Establish and implement a training evaluation system as pre-post tests to measure participants' learning level. Participate in the development of monthly reports in collaboration with the Case Management Officer. Produce / contribute to the writing of the reports required by IRC and the lessor (progress of activities, monitoring of indicators, etc.) Comply with the IRC security procedures and report the security information provided to him to ensure a safe and secure environment for the implementation of the program. Coordination & Représentation Ensure coordination of programming with any other sectors or external stakeholders as per portfolio of projects Work closely and coordinate with the IRC Support Services to carry out program activities. This includes participation on need assessments, review programming and M&E meetings Monitoring Maintain detailed and confidential case files in line with recognized best practices; Contribute to regular adjustment of GBV tools, report any significant change in the project implementation environment. Report daily information on GBV situation to the WPE Manager, WPE Officers and M&E Officer for integration in GBV monitoring reports. Produce programmatic activity reports at the end of each month Contribute to the production of end of project reports Information Dissemination Contribute to the development of information dissemination materials Organize Sensitization and Awareness sessions on GBV issues (service available, access to rights) and COVID-19 barrier measures and available services Others: Any other task requested by her/his supervisor to allow the program to progress. Ensure all activities are carried out in accordance with IRC Operational policies; Other duties as assigned by the supervisor to enable and develop IRC programs. Professional Standards Commit to IRC Way (or Code of Conduct / Mandatory Reporting Policies) Commit to ensuring the optimal implementation of these policies in its framework. Commit to comply with IRC's Internal Regulations in Cameroon. Be available to perform any other punctual task deemed useful by direct superior or the IRC. Line Management Directly supervised by the WPE Case Management Officer Presentation of the file. An up to date (CV); The names, positions, telephone number and e-mail address of at least two professional references; Applicants can deposit their application in a closed envelope at the IRC office in Buea, Bamenda or send by Online NB: Deadline for the admissibility of files: 7th September, 2020 at 5 p.m. promt. Female candidates are strongly encouraged. Only the preselected candidates will be contacted. Interested candidates should apply via the website, https://rescue.csod.comEMPLOYER : Plan International (Plan Int.)EMPLOYER'S LOCATION : CameroonAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 01, 2020WPE Monitoring and Evaluation Officer (IRC) BueaRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : 03 YearsPrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTQualification/Work Experience :Qualifications Degree in statistics, communication or social sciences Previous experience (at least two years) working within the management team of a large organization Skills and Abilities: Ability to organize task, provide supervision to procurement team and identify priorities. Must have strong organizational diplomacy and communications skills; proven computer literacy (Microsoft words and excel) Honest, responsible and in good physical condition to meet the demands of job. Good command in spoken and written in English and Pidgin-English is an asset Be of Cameroonian nationality; Clear understanding of and interest in the well-being of women and girls. Demonstrated understanding of and ability to maintain confidentiality and respect for clients; Knowledge and experience with community outreach and mobilization; Positive and professional attitude, including ability to lead and work well in a team setting; Strong ability to organize work, meet deadlines, maintain composure, prioritize work under pressure, coordinate multiple tasks and maintain attention to detail. Gender requirement (if applicable): FemaleJob Description:IRC has been present in Cameroon since January 2016 when the organization launched an assessment in response to increasing concerns for people affected by violence linked to Boko Haram. In March 2016, IRC opened its first field office in Maroua followed in February 2017 by a second field office in Kousseri. As a result to the ongoing crises in the North and South West, IRC opened another branch in the South West region in January 2018 and another field office in North West region in November 2019. IRC Delivers lifesaving programming to increase access to water and improving hygiene practices in vulnerable displaced and host communities, cash programming to enable poor families to meet basic needs and improve food security, and protection programming, including meeting specific needs of women and girls. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has affected Cameroon adding to the above mentioned insecurity context for populations. On March 5, 2020 Cameroon announced its first confirmed cases of COVID-19. On March 18, the government took special measures to reduce the spread of the outbreak. Despite these measures, cases continue to rise. As a result of this outbreak, Communities are more vulnerable and have increased humanitarian needs according to the Cameroon Humanitarian Needs Overview 2020 (revised in June and July 2020). In the face of this growing humanitarian needs, IRC is scaling up its activities in the South West and North West Regions and seeks to employ a Women’s Protection and Empowerment (WPE) Monitoring and Evaluation (M & E) Officer for its North West and South West Regions operations. Reporting to the field Coordinator, the WPE Monitoring and Evaluation Officer is personally responsible for the Data Entry Clerk, and ensuring that there is adequate and appropriate communication between all the WPE team members to ensure accurate and detailed information is collected and collated in a timely and presentable manner. The position holder will closely work with the program team specially in liaising between the community and the organization in terms of information flow from one member to the other and vise-versa. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES Technical Responsibilities: Monitoring and Evaluation Officer is accountable for the analysis and presentation of information gathered. Coordinate the collection, verification, compilation, analysis and dissemination of data, Safety including Safety audits, Gender Base Violence incidence using the Gender Base Violence information and management system Provide periodic highlight of program progress and aspects of program reporting that need to be improved. Ensure completeness and accuracy of data before submitting final monthly analysis report. Ensure Indicators are frequently collected, data collection tools comply with donors requirements and ensure the update of program logical framework Provide technical support to IRC programs implementing partners on data analysis and presentation. Organize and conduct trainings to IRC staff and implementing partners on data management tools. Contribute to the planning implementation and analysis of surveys Ensure the adaptation of data collection tools to changing context. Have a clear understanding of the programs goals and objectives and what aspects of M&E will assist in these achievements. Perform other responsibility related to the duties as required or requested by Supervisor. She /He will: Whenever needed and receive approval from her/his supervisor, share relevant information that can be used in the new projects designs; Make preliminary analysis and share the summary to the respective sector, concerned staff (following the Community Feedback Mechanism); Participate in lesson learnt meetings/workshops and Systematically and securely document the reports; Design a strategy and regularly check whether all the target communities have access to the hotline services; Managerial Responsibilities: Collaborate with other agencies and stakeholders in the sharing of skills and information. Represent IRC at workshops and meetings with relevant governmental and non-governmental stakeholders. KEY WORKING RELATIONSHIPS External: staff, other NGO/INGO M&E staff Internal: M&E Manager, Feedback Mechanism Officer, Field Coordinator, Program Managers, Administration, supply chain and Finance Staff, Personnel at the Yaoundé, Maroua and kousseri Field Offices. Coordination & Représentation Ensure coordination of programming with any other sectors or external stakeholders as per portfolio of projects Work closely and coordinate with the IRC Support Services to carry out program activities. This includes participation on need assessments, review programming and M&E meetings Reporting and Data management Ensure ethical and confidential data collection during monitoring and evaluation. Monitor the progress of the program and identify any delays that have been or may be expected Ensure that activities are fully documented, including regular and systematic collection of data required. Establish and implement a training evaluation system as pre-post tests to measure participants' learning level. Produce / contribute to the writing of the reports required by IRC and the lessor (progress of activities, monitoring of indicators, etc.) Comply with the IRC security procedures and report the security information provided to her/him to ensure a safe and secure environment for the implementation of the program. Others: Any other task requested by her/his supervisor to allow the program to progress. Ensure all activities are carried out in accordance with IRC Operational policies; Other duties as assigned by the supervisor to enable and develop IRC programs. Professional Standards Commit to IRC Way (or Code of Conduct / Mandatory Reporting Policies) Commit to ensuring the optimal implementation of these policies in its framework. Commit to comply with IRC's Internal Regulations in Cameroon. Be available to perform any other punctual task deemed useful by direct superior or the IRC. Line Management Reports to the Field Coordinator and directly supervised technically by the M & E Manager. Presentation of the file. An up to date (CV); Cover Letter The names, positions, telephone number and e-mail address of at least two professional references; NB: Deadline for the admissibility of files: 7th September, 2020 at 5 p.m. promt. Female candidates are strongly encouraged. Only the preselected candidates will be contacted. Interested candidates should apply via the website, https://rescue.csod.comEMPLOYER : International Rescue Committee (IRC)EMPLOYER'S LOCATION : YaoundeAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 01, 2020Senior Agriculture Economist/Specialist (World Bank) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ECONOMIC AFFAIRSQualification/Work Experience :Selection Criteria Masters, MBA or PhD in Agricultural Economics, Economics, or in a relevant discipline; At least eight years of experience on agricultural development issues; Strong technical and analytical skills in the range of issue of relevance to agriculture; Recognized substantive leadership in one or more of the strategic/ technical areas noted above; Demonstrated experience with Bank operations;Excellent interpersonal, problem-solving and team skills with ability to find balanced, pragmatic and implementable solutions also in a multi-disciplinary context; High level of energy, ability to work under pressure, and willingness to travel; Excellent written and oral communication skills in English and in French, including the ability to present complex issues to World Bank management and senior Government representatives, as well as to non-specialist audiences.Job Description:Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, visit www.worldbank.org Agriculture is an essential pathway to meeting the World Bank Group’s (WBG) twin goals—eliminating extreme poverty by 2030 and promoting shared prosperity. Food production must increase by at least 35 percent to meet the needs of the rising global population. Thus, ending extreme poverty and boosting shared prosperity cannot be achieved without more and better investment in agriculture, food security, and nutrition. Meeting today’s challenges on the food and agriculture agenda will require major strides in agricultural innovation and climate smart agriculture, efficiency in food production and distribution systems, promoting environmentally and socially sustainable production practices, strengthening agricultural policy and institutions, supporting agribusiness value chains, and joint private- and public- sector action. The Agriculture and Food Global Practice (GP) of the WBG, working closely with the International Finance Corporation (IFC), supports a Global Vision for Food and Agriculture with agriculture able to feed every person, every day, in every country with a safe, nutritious and affordable diet, and where jobs and income gains in the food system are sufficient to meet poverty reduction targets. To help the achievement of the twin goals, the strategic focus of the Agriculture GP, as reflected in the Agriculture Action Plan, is to help client countries on the issues mentioned above. Our current work program (150+ operations) consists of engagement in policy dialogue, investment, and forging partnerships across the globe seeking to (i) raise agricultural productivity, (ii) link farmers to markets and strengthen value chains, (iii) support rural non-farm income, (iv) reduce risk, vulnerability, and gender inequality, and (v) enhance environmental services and sustainability. The Agriculture GP works with and across multiple sectors, in recognition of the fact that Agriculture outcomes often depend on actions that lie outside the Practice, and the GP actively contributes to work managed by other Global Practices. Accordingly, a capacity to work across GP boundaries, forge coalitions and influence multi-practice solutions is essential for achieving the major objectives of improving agriculture outcomes. Cameroon is the largest economy of the Central African Economic and Monetary Community (CEMAC), holding 44 percent of the community’s GDP, and 39 percent of its exports. It is also a gateway to the economy of landlocked Central Africa and a trade route between West and Central African economies. Cameroon’s economy is largely driven by its tertiary sector, agriculture and mineral resources. Cameroon’s agriculture contributes about 20 percent to GDP and employs about 60 percent of the active population. Agriculture also accounts for 40 per cent of total non-oil exports. The Bank’s program supports private sector-led agricultural commercialization and irrigation systems rehabilitation and modernization, livestock development, digital agriculture development and key policy reforms. Cameroon is also part of the Lake Chad regional project. Duties & Accountabilities: - The primary responsibility of the Senior Agriculture Specialist/Economist will be to provide technical and strategic leadership for the development and implementation of the Agriculture GP’s work program in Cameroon (and other countries in the Country Management Unit). The Senior Agriculture Specialist/Economist will report to the Practice Manager in charge of West & Central Africa, who is based at World Bank Office in Dakar/Senegal, and assist him/her in the delivery of the work program, assurance of quality, interaction with internal and external clients, including the government and private sector, and partnerships across the countries in the Country Management Unit. In addition, the Senior Agriculture Specialist/Economist will work under the day to day oversight of the Country Director and the relevant Sector Leader, who are based in Yaounde, Cameroon. In particular, the Senior Agriculture Specialist/Economist will: Lead activities as Task Team Leader or as core team member, both in agriculture and multi-sectoral operations, assuring quality in all stages of the project cycle; Serve as an advisor to colleagues who are themselves Task Team Leaders of demanding operations, providing them with advice and support; Work with the Sector Leader and staff of the Agriculture GP and other GPs to identify opportunities for addressing agricultural issues in Cameroon as part of the World Bank’s Country Partnership Framework, country policy dialogue, sector investment operations, budget support operations, and other multi-sectoral projects; Identify innovative opportunities or ways to address existing needs in the agricultural sector, including bringing in experience from other countries within Africa or elsewhere; Remain current with relevant major pieces of analytical work in the profession. Lead or participate in strategic analytical work in Cameroon and/or on a sub-regional level, and work with teams engaged in analytical work relevant to the Agriculture GP’s work program Cameroon; Represent the World Bank in fora involving the community of development partners. Provide support, either explicit or implicit, to the work of the development partners in the sector; As necessary, represent the World Bank and the Agriculture GP’s management at events with sectoral focus that take place in the field; Develop strong client relations and partnership, including with the International Finance Corporation, on operational matters and policy dialogue; Work with other Global Practices in representing Cameroon specific issues in regional and corporate strategies; Initiate and maintain a high level and quality of engagement and dialogue with key stakeholders, including government, civil society, private sector and research/academic community on strategic and policy issues concerning agriculture and food security in Cameroon; Support the delivery of the Agriculture GP’s work program in other countries in the CMU, assuring quality in all stages of the project cycle;Mentor and coach other Agriculture GP staff in the country offices in the CMU. WBG COMPETENCIES Lead and Innovate - Develops innovative solutions.Deliver Results for Clients - Proactively addresses clients stated and unstated needs.Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries - Collaborates across boundaries, gives own perspective and willingly receives diverse perspectives.Create, Apply and Share Knowledge - Applies knowledge across WBG to strengthen solutions for internal and/or external clients.Make Smart Decisions - Interprets a wide range of information and pushes to move forward. The World Bank Group is committed to achieving diversity in race, gender, nationality, culture, and educational background. Individuals with disabilities are equally encouraged to apply. Women and SSA/CR candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates with open term appointments will retain their employment status if selected for this position. All others will be offered a 3-year term appointment. All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence. Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe. Apply via website, https://worldbankgroup.csod.comEMPLOYER : WORLD BANKEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : World bank Group Yaounde CMRAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 01, 2020Administrative Assistant (Plan Int.) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : GENERAL ADMINISTRATIONQualification/Work Experience :Technical expertise, skills and knowledge Qualification and Experience University Degree or Two years University Certificate (e.i BTS- DEUG) in Business Administration, Logistic, Law, Management, Minimum two years’ experience of purchasing, fleet management, maintaining inventories and materials, Computer skills, Ability to use general office equipment such photocopiers, printers etc… Experience working with an international NGO would be an advantage Have knowledge of behaviour and people habit of the target area might be an added value. Demonstrated behaviours needed by the post-holder to successfully perform the role: Planning and organizing abilities, Timeliness and proactive in the execution of duties, Ability to inter-act with staff, visitors and partners at all levels, Communicates in a manner that inspires confidence and professionalism, High sense of judgment and responsibility, High sense of integrity, High safety awareness level of area of operation, Good team player. Skills Specific to the post needed to put knowledge into practice. Good communication and ICT skills, Good inter-personal skills, Good client/customer relations, Good writing and reporting skills, Good negotiation skills, Strong team player, High level of discretion, Planning & organizing.Job Description:PURPOSE Plan International Cameroon est une ONG internationale de développement communautaire centrée sur l'enfant, sans affiliation religieuse, politique ou gouvernementale, établie au Cameroun depuis 1996 et œuvrant pour le bien-être des enfants, en collaboration avec les communautés. Le parrainage d'enfants est le fondement de l'organisation. Grâce au soutien financier du HCR, Plan International Cameroon met en œuvre en 2020, le Programme de bourses DAFI. Ce programme a besoin pour ses services d’un Assistant Administratif à Yaoundé. Ce poste a été créé afin de donner un appui au programme dans l’atteinte des objectifs en facilitant la fourniture des biens et services dont a besoin le programme. Dimensions of the Role Procurement, logistic and administrative support to the project team. Procurement Asset management Inventory and warehouse management Fleet management Petty cash management Accountabilities Give support for the procurement, logistic, fleet and administration management for the project as per the Operational Manual (OM), local procedures and policies to ensure value for money is obtained at all times; Prepares Offers for Bids in accordance with the bidding guidelines; Prepare regular requisitions for repairs and maintenance of vehicles, distribution of supplies, equipment and fixed asset as well as other clerical and administrative services such as security services, office & housekeeping, etc. …; Ensure that all the procurement activities processed are capture in SAP, Ensure the effective management of store to ensure the effective implementation of program activities with no reports or incidents on mismanagement of store; Provide the project support in warehousing and other logistical support; Manage Petty cash funds Perform any other duties that may be assigned from time to time to support the attainment of organizational goals. Ensures that Plan International’s global policies for Child Protection (CPP) and Gender Equality and Inclusion (GEI) are fully embedded in accordance with the principles and requirements of the policy including relevant Implementation Standards and Guidelines as applicable to their area of responsibility. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring staff and associates are aware of and understand their responsibilities under these policies and Plan International’s Code of Conduct (CoC), their relevance to their area of work, and that concerns are reported and managed in accordance with the appropriate procedures. Key relationships Project team in Yaounde / High Logistic & Procurement department / High HCR, Partners & suppliers / High Project team in Douala / Medium Refugees / Low Plan International’s Values in Practice We strive for lasting impact We challenge ourselves and others to be bold in achieving a sustainable and significant impact on the lives of girls, all children and young people. We are open and accountable We create a climate of trust inside and outside the organisation, through being open, honest and transparent. We hold ourselves and others to account for the decisions we all make, for doing what we say we will do and for the impact of our actions on others. We work together We all achieve more by working together with others inside and outside the organisation We are generous and supportive towards our colleagues and partners. We co-create and implement solutions in our teams, across Plan International, with girls, all children, young people, communities and our partners. We are inclusive and empowering We respect all people, appreciate differences and challenge inequality in our programmes and our workplace. We help girls, all children and young people achieve increased confidence and autonomy to change their own lives. We empower our staff to give their best and develop their potential. Level of contact with children Limited NEXT STEP: To apply for this job, kindly click on \"Apply\". Your application should include: A cover letter A comprehensive CV including details of two referees, one of whom should be your current of most recent supervisor Location: Yaounde – CAMEROON Closing date: September 7th, 2020 Females candidates are highly encouraged to apply Plan International Cameroon operates in an equal opportunity environment and actively encourages diversity. Only applications received in French or English, will be considered and only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Plan international has a child protection and gender equality policies that are integral part of the recruitment process. Interested candidates should apply via, https://career5.successfactors.euEMPLOYER : Plan International (Plan Int.)EMPLOYER'S LOCATION : CameroonAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Sep 01, 2020Business Development Manager (Plan Int.) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ECONOMIC AFFAIRSQualification/Work Experience :Technical expertise, skills and knowledge Knowledge and skills: Proven capacity a result of study, training and practical experience on grants acquisition; Strong knowledge of the various donors’ strategic interests, priorities, and requirements; Strong at performing donor scoping and donor relations Excellent English & French oral and written communication skills Proven strategic relationship management skills, including negotiation skills Marketing for Development skills Coaching, mentoring, training and facilitation skills High level of computer proficiency. Behaviours Ability to maintain a strategic vision and link with everyday work Clear and effective communication that builds relationships to influence others Proactive demonstrates a record of creativity and entrepreneurship Accountability and responsibility for own performance Promotes teamwork and cooperation Confident in taking the initiative and exploring new opportunities Qualifications and Experience Higher University Degree (Minimum Master level) in a relevant field (Economics, International Relations At least 5 years of professional experience in a similar position, of which at least 3 should have been spent in a managerial role in the development sector in an International NGO or other grant funded organisation. Experience in humanitarian programming is highly desirable. Demonstrated track record of writing project proposals for EC/EU, ECHO, USAID, Global Fund, DFID...etc and obtaining grant funding for development and humanitarian response projects from institutional donors. Demonstrated success in directly managing the implementation and reporting requirements of grant-funded projects and programs of the above funders. Experience in coaching, training, and facilitation of staff from diverse cultural, linguistic and professional backgrounds Experience of working with children and young people, and managing child and youth rights projects is an advantage Plan International’s Values in Practice We are open and accountable Promotes a culture of openness and transparency, including with sponsors and donors. Holds self and others accountable to achieve the highest standards of integrity. Consistent and fair in the treatment of people. Open about mistakes and keen to learn from them. Accountable for ensuring we are a safe organisation for all children, girls & young people We strive for lasting impact Articulates a clear purpose for staff and sets high expectations. Creates a climate of continuous improvement, open to challenge and new ideas. Focuses resources to drive change and maximise long-term impact, responsive to changed priorities or crises. Evidence-based and evaluates effectiveness. We work well together Seeks constructive outcomes, listens to others, willing to compromise when appropriate. Builds constructive relationships across Plan International to support our shared goals. Develops trusting and ‘win-win’ relationships with funders, partners and communities. Engages and works well with others outside the organization to build a better world for girls and all children. We are inclusive and empowering Seeks constructive outcomes, listens to others, willing to compromise when appropriate. Builds constructive relationships across Plan International to support our shared goals. Develops trusting and ‘win-win’ relationships with funders, partners and communities. Engages and works well with others outside the organization to build a better world for girls and all children. Physical Environment The incumbent will be based at the Country Office, Yaounde. Field travel will is required to the Program and Influencing Areas up to 25% of the time. Level of contact with childrenJob Description:PURPOSE The Business Development Manager (BDM) is the lead of the Business Development Unit that includes Fund Raising & Grants Management, Compliance& Cost Recovery, Donor Engagement and Negotiations, Institutional Partnership. The BD Unit is responsible for identifying funding opportunities in line with Plan International priorities in Cameroon, leading the production of quality & successful grant proposals in coordination with program technical colleagues, and supporting grant holders during implementation on donor contract compliance. S/He also supports the program area team to ensure timely and effective utilization of the Plan’s resources for the benefit of targeted beneficiaries in the area and is responsible for timely and quality financial and narrative grant reporting to donors. S/He will act as Plan International interface with donors and key stakeholders especially when resources are involved and excel our visibility. Dimensions of the Role The BDM will report to the Head of Programs and is a member of the Country Leadership Team. S/he directly supervises 04 staff in the Unit: Grant Specialist, 02 Compliance Officers & 02 Grants Coordinators. The Business Development Manager leads Plan’s efforts to achieve the country fundraising targets (Annual projected income and expenditure) and supports the Country Office to develop strong relationships with National Organisations (NOs) and donors. S/He is responsible for initiating and implementing innovative fund-raising strategies that would bring new/diversified donors and contribute to maintaining a strong & sustainable portfolio of more than 15 million euros annually, of which approximately 80% should be as a result of the BDM efforts to obtain grants. Accountabilities Fund Raising & Resource Mobilization Design & implement a sound Resource Mobilization Strategy that includes diversified sources of funding and influence new donors towards our purpose and ambition. Identify grant opportunities and develop high-quality proposals in close coordination with Strategic Program Units and Program Implementation Areas that reflect our program approach and areas of distinctiveness. Ensure all project designs address Plan International’s commitment to gender transformative programming. Ensure that a healthy pipeline is in place using robust donor opportunity tracking tools Further, where donor requirements allow, ensure that key cross-cutting issues such as advocacy and influencing, child protection, gender, and DRM are an integral part of programs developed. Produce and regularly update a comprehensive mapping of all donor opportunities (by sector and geography); Researching where potential opportunities for grants funding can be found; Packaging grant proposals to suit the requirements of different donors, including working with the Communications team to develop separate marketing collaterally aimed at different audiences (NOs, Institutional donors, Corporates, etc.); Grants Management Ensure grants documentation (FADS, SPAD, Agreements, proposals, work plans, MoU, approved budget templates…etc.) are correctly filed according to Plan’s and donors requirements Manage grant modules in Plan corporate system and met required standards in SAP, ERP & YODA. Ensure quality and timeliness of grants reporting to all external donors and National Organisations. Monitor, analyze and consolidate relevant grant information and disseminate where relevant within Plan International teams. Oversee reporting schedules and ensure project reports are submitted to relevant donors in a timely manner and with quality. Compliance & Cost Recovery Ensure that all categories of costs are considered at the conceptualization and submission stage of grant preparation. Implement costs-drivers procedures and ensure consistency in project costing; Ensure projects are fully costed, and successful negotiation is done with donors. BD and staff involved in grant management master donors rules and conditions and comply with requirements. NO and Donor Engagement Building successful, proactive relationships which align donors priorities with program needs; Work with appropriate corporates to align their sustainable strategies with Plan International CMR to identify win-win positions. Act as Plan International CMR representative on grant matters, representing the interests of Plan Cameroon to National Organisations, donors, and other stakeholders. Develop, manage, and maintain strategic partnerships with local actors, including bilateral, multilateral, corporate donors, and external networks. Manage the link between Program implementation Areas, donors, and external networks. Develop and maintain a strong and professional image of Plan International among relevant donors. People, Culture & Staff Capacity Development Develop the necessary strategies and take the appropriate measures ensuring that staff is motivated and enabled to contribute to the overall goal of the organization through possessing the right attitudes and the adequate levels of skills& knowledge. Establish a culture of accountability, responsibility, and mutual respect according to our values and behaviours. Create a conducive working environment in which people are motivated, respected, valued, and managed well to realize their potential and development. Provide necessary training and development opportunities to Area staff that will result in professional growth and equips them with knowledge and skills to enable them to improve program quality. Identify and coach competent staff for grants acquisition and implementation, including coaching and mentoring. Work with the programs department and programming units to support their capacity to ensure projects are implemented according to donor standards and regulations as well as Plan policies Lead a high performing grants team in CMR and ensure all departments have the necessary knowledge and skills to acquire and implement increased sustainable grant funding. Ensuring successful on-going donor relationship management and ‘ownership’ of relations with donor representatives locally; To ensure implementation of the responsibilities aligned with the Plan International Disaster Response in Cameroon as appropriate, including resource mobilization. Promote and abide by internal policies and procedures including but not limited to: Safeguarding Children and Young People Policy; Code of Conduct; mandatory reporting responsibilities at partners and donors’level. Ensures that Plan International’s global policies for Child Protection (CPP) and Gender Equality and Inclusion (GEI) are fully embedded in accordance with the principles and requirements of the policy including relevant Implementation Standards and Guidelines as applicable to their area of responsibility. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring staff and associates are aware of and understand their responsibilities under these policies and Plan International’s Code of Conduct (CoC), their relevance to their area of work, and that concerns are reported and managed in accordance with the appropriate procedures. Key relationships Internal: Excellent working relationships will need to be built with the Head of Program, Head of Operations, Leads of Section and PIA Managers, National Organisation counterparts, and Country Management Teams, and with Regional Grant's staff as appropriate. Regularly inform and advise the country’s grants and management teams of strategic funding information and trends to ensure Plan has the necessary information to secure funding. External: Current large donors include Global Fund, Global Affairs Canada, EC, UNHCR and the governments of Germany, BMZ, AFD-France, and SIDA. Mid contact: Occasional interaction with children NEXT STEP: To apply for this job, kindly click on \"Apply\". Your application should include: A cover letter A comprehensive CV including details of two referees, one of whom should be your current of most recent supervisor Location: Yaounde – CAMEROON Closing date: September 21st, 2020 Females candidates are highly encouraged to apply Plan International Cameroon operates in an equal opportunity environment and actively encourages diversity. Only applications received in French or English, will be considered and only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Plan international has a child protection and gender equality policies that are integral part of the recruitment process. Interested candidates should apply via, https://career5.successfactors.euEMPLOYER : Plan International (Plan Int.)EMPLOYER'S LOCATION : CameroonAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Aug 21, 2020Vulnerability Analysis & Mapping Officer (WFP) YaoundeRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : 12 monthsPrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : PROJECT MANAGEMENTQualification/Work Experience :Educational Requiremen Advanced university degree (Master II or DESS/DEA) in Agriculture, Economics, Rural Development, Food security, Project Management, Nutrition, Agriculture, Economics, Development Economics and International, Development or university degree with additional 05 years of experience in the development of systems and tools for the monitoring and assessment of food assistance needs in line with innovative methodologies and best practices. . Essential Experience At least Five years of professional experience in the development of systems and tools for the monitoring and assessment of food assistance needs in line with innovative methodologies and best practices. Experience in food security and number analysis/Mapping Experience managing staff and improving performance. Demonstrated proficiency in the use of several statistical tools and methods for food security analysis. Developed practical expertise in food security analysis and mapping by participating in multiple assessments in countries, including the design, data collection and analysis. Demonstrated technical knowledge and understanding of WFP vulnerability mapping systems and emergency assessment standards. Proven research and writing skills Working Languages Fluent English (level C) and French (level C) Critical success Factors Ability to travel frequently and to work in difficult environments. Proven ability to conceptualize, develop, plan and manage programmes, leadership and teamwork abilities, good analytical, negotiation, communication and advocacy skills Ability to engage effectively with a wide range of actors including those in the international humanitarian community and governments; Excellent analytical skills; Ability to work in a team, and establish effective working relations with persons of different national and cultural backgrounds; Good understanding of the theory and application of food security and safety net programmes Good computer knowledge and skills; Proactive attitude towards partnership; Ability to work under tight deadlines and simultaneously manage multiple tasks in an autonomous manner; Ability to handle any other additional tasks as requested by his supervisor. Ability to develop and implement appropriate internal control tools to address fraud and abuse.Job Description:WFP Cameroon is seeking a Vulnerability Analysis & Mapping Officer to contribute to the VAM evidence base that supports food security and nutrition policies and programmes (e.g. needs assessment and situation analyses, programme design, targeting, cost effectiveness, and operational efficiency). Under the direct supervision of the Head of Programme and the overall supervision of the Deputy Country Director, the incumbent will be responsible for the following duties: Duties: Support the design, planning and implementation of programme activities supported by WFP Cameroon country strategic plan. Strengthen the implementation on the Country Office food security assessment, monitoring and evaluation plans to ensure WFP's effectiveness of all food assistance interventions (e.g. beneficiary needs and status, food security status, programme modalities, implementation challenges, etc.). Review and give technical feedback on food security assessment, beneficiaries targeting and monitoring plans to ensure that plans are relevant, well targeted and providing appropriate response to the food and nutrition security of the assisted vulnerable population in Cameroon. Provide technical advice and support WFP and its partners on matters pertaining to food security strategies, policies, programmes, and facilitate the timely and productive use of related outputs in a manner that complies with WFP standards and processes. Contribute to the development of systems and tools for the monitoring and assessment of food assistance needs in line with innovative methodologies (e.g. mVAM) and best practice. Manage/conduct national or regional food security, nutrition, markets and resilience analysis and prepare timely reports on food assessment needs in line with wider VAM policies, processes and guidance to enable effective decision-making on the development of country strategy, policies and programmes. Support the design, implementation, analysis and reporting of ongoing and planned food security surveys such as CFSVA, EFSAs, JAM; CFSAM, FSMS, etc. in the country as needed. Contribute to the development of programme activities, providing technical analysis, interpretation and recommendations to facilitate food assistance needs to be met effectively. Oversee preparation and dissemination of timely analytical and critical reports including market price bulletin, VAM and Gender analysis reports to support the country strategic plan including the use of Cash-based transfers Build capacity of WFP staff, partners and national government to conduct analysis on food security, nutrition, markets, resilience, and related topics to effectively inform policies and programmes. Work in close collaboration with internal counterparts and external partners to strengthen the quality of food security of results monitoring and build credible evidence of trends through the establishment of food security monitoring systems. Support emergency response capacity as required to meet emergency food assistance needs. Coach junior staff. Any other duties as required.Female applicants are especially encouraged to apply. Deadline for application: 02/09/2020 WFP has zero tolerance for discrimination and does not discriminate on the basis of HIV/AIDS status. No appointment under any kind of contract will be offered to members of the UN Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ), International Civil Service Commission (ICSC), FAO Finance Committee, WFP External Auditor, WFP Audit Committee, Joint Inspection Unit (JIU) and other similar bodies within the United Nations system with oversight responsibilities over WFP, both during their service and within three years of ceasing that service. Applications should be made via the website,https://unjobs.org/vacanciesEMPLOYER : UN JOBSEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.unjobs.orgAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Jul 03, 2020Controleur de Gestion (CIMENCAM) DoualaRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full TimePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ACCOUNTANCY/FINANCEQualification/Work Experience :Niveau d'études: Min Bac+4: Comptabilité et Finances Expérience Professionnelle: Au moins 02 ans dans une fonction similaire Compétiences Techniques Comptabilité générale et analytique Contrôle de gestion/ Audit Fiscalité Maîtrise de l'outil informatique(un très bon niveau de maîtrise d'Excel et Powerpoint est indispensable) et une bonne connaissance des outils collaboratifs(drive..) Compétences Comportementales Orientation résultats Esprit d'équipe Rigueur, dynamisque, créativité Sens de responsabilité et forte intégrité Proactivité Rigueur et méticulosité Grande capacité d'organisation et d'adaptation Résistance à la pression Capacité à innover et à communiquer efficacement Compétences Transversales Français et Anglais (bon niveau de communication orale et écrite dans les deux langues).Job Description:Responsabilités du poste: Coordonner l'élaboration des budgets de l'Usine Clôturer mensuellement les comptes de l'Usine et de la Centrale à Béton Clôturer les reportings(Groupe et locaux) et effectuer les calculs et le contrôle des coûts Suivre et Analyser les performances mensuelles et les écarts réels versus budget et versus prévisions Mettre en place des actions correctives et préventives sur les écarts réels versus budget et versus prévisions Contrôler et suivre les imputations analytiques Réaliser l'analyse des risques routiers et le communiquer périodiquement aux chauffeurs et transporteurs Elaborer les analyses ponctuelles pour donner un support à la décision des respoonsables de l'Usine et de la Centrale à Béton Participer aux analyses de rentabilité sur les projets d'investissement Superviser les inventaires et la réconciliation des stocks des matières premières et produits finis Accompagner le Directeur de la Centrale à Béton dans le pilotage du \"management cycle\" c'est-à-dire: fixation des objectifs à moyen terme, définition de la stratégie, élaboration des budgets et suivi budgétaire. Piloter les réunions de performance de l'usine/centrale à béton et de l'entreprise à la demande. Accompagner et former les parties prenantes internes dans la mise en place d'une culture financière. V et lettre de motivation à envoyer EXCLUSIVEMENT à l'adresse: recrutement.cimencam@lafargeholcim.com en précisent dans l'objet du mail: \"Emploi-Contrôleur de Gestion\" Date limite des dossiers: 06 Juillet 2020EMPLOYER : CAMEROONJOBS.NETEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.cameroonjobs.netAPPLY NOWDate Posted : May 04, 2020Principal Environmental Safeguards & Compliance Officer (ADB) Yaounde/AbujaRequired No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : Full timePrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : ENVIRONMENTALQualification/Work Experience :Selection Criteria Have at least a Master’s degree in Environmental Sciences/Management (Natural Resource Management, Geography, Biology, Ecotoxicology, Agricultural Sciences, Environmental Management, etc.) and an additional training in environmental assessment. Have a minimum of six (6) years of relevant professional experience in Environmental and Social Assessment (ESA), namely in preparing and implementing the ESA instruments (SESA, ESIA, ESMF, ESMS, RAP, ES Audit, Hazard and Risk Assessment, lifecycle analysis, emergency response plans, etc.). Demonstrable knowledge and practice of the environmental and social safeguards policies/standards, procedures and practices of comparator Multilateral Development Banks (MDBs) supporting the Regional Member Countries. Experience with international organizations or Multilateral Development Banks (MDBs) in Africa is an advantage. Have a good knowledge and experience of project management and multi-criteria assessments, stakeholder engagement and consultation, community participation; have analytical skills to assess institutional capacity and to design / review practical arrangements for implementing complex projects’ E&S aspects, particularly in Africa. Be results oriented, able to work in a team, a meticulous analyst with a sense of detail, a persuasive communicator and an excellent copywriter. Listening to clients - providing effective services and solutions to staff beyond presenting past challenges and challenges and gaining respect through the depth of demonstrated expertise, effectively managing various clients and country situations. Innovation and Change - Constantly seek more efficient and practical methods for the delivery of services and products as well as departmental process management and propose new ways to improve the quality and relevance of products and services. Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a multicultural environment and to develop effective working relationships with clients and colleagues. Have a good knowledge of the environmental and social issues facing Regional Member Countries (RMCs). Be able to communicate effectively (written and oral) in French or English, preferably with a good working knowledge of the other language. Master the use of MS Office software and have a good knowledge of SAP.Job Description:THE POSITION: The Principal Environmental Safeguards and Compliance Officer works under the supervision and overall direction of the Director of the Department of Environmental and Social Safeguards and Compliance (SNSC). Duties and responsibilities The Principal Environmental Safeguards and Compliance Officer’s core duties/responsibilities will include the following: Mainstreaming of environmental aspects in operations, including safeguards, gender and social inclusion. As task team member, he/she will provide support to Task Managers and Borrowers/Clients in identifying, mainstreaming and monitoring environmental and safeguard aspects/concerns in Bank operations during the identification, preparation, appraisal, implementation, and completion stages (throughout project lifecycle) through the following: Provide E&S support to the Bank-funded projects and programmes, for both private and public sectors. Address environmental and social issues in various Bank operations during the identification, preparation, appraisal, supervision and project completion stages. Assist Borrowers/Clients for the finalization of the Terms of Reference (ToRs) for the preparation of Environmental and Social Assessment (ESA) documentation (SESA, ESIA, ESMF, ESMS, RAP, ES Audit, Hazard and Risk Assessment, etc.) to ensure compliance with the ISS. Review the ESA documentation submitted by the Borrowers/Clients as of the ISS and other Bank policies’ requirements. Draft the technical inputs of the E&S sections in Project Concept Notes (PCNs), Project Appraisal Reports (PARs), Project Completion Reports (PCRs) and any other project related report as required. Draft and/or ameliorate reporting templates for use in implementing and monitoring social aspects and components of projects and programs. Contribute to the preparation of management responses to reports issued by the Bank independent accountability mechanism, and similar report. Liaise with co-financiers to ensure consistency in the mainstreaming of environmental safeguard requirements. Policy and Compliance with E&S Requirements: Participate in the formulation, review and/or revision of the Bank environmental and social safeguard policies, procedures and guidelines. Provide policy guidance to Bank teams on environmental safeguard issues to enhance their awareness and the capacity of the projects and programmes to comply with the ISS. Capacity Building and Knowledge Management: Contribute to the development and implementation of capacity building and training programs for staff within the Bank and in RMCs. Participate in, contribute and represent the Bank in internal and external trainings and conferences on environmental safeguards and mainstreaming as well as other activities for advocacy, dissemination and knowledge building. Develop and/or contribute to the development of innovative knowledge products on environmental sustainability, environmental safeguards and/or the E&S performance of Bank financed projects and programmes. Undertake any other task as the Director of the Environment and Social Safeguards Department and/or the Regional Director General. Should you encounter technical difficulties in submitting your application, please send an email with a precise description of the issue and/or a screenshot showing the problem, to: HR Direct HRDirect@AFDB.ORG Apply for this position To apply for this position, you need to be national of one of AfDB member countries. Applicants who fully meet the Bank's requirements and are considered for interview will be contacted. Only online applications submitted with a comprehensive Curriculum Vitae (CV) and copies of the required degrees will be considered. The President, AfDB, reserves the right to appoint a candidate at a lower level. The African Development Bank is an equal opportunities employer. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The African Development Bank Group (AfDB) does not ask for payments of any kind from applicants throughout the recruitment process (job application, CV review, interview meeting, and final processing of applications). In addition, the Bank does not request information on applicants’ bank accounts. The African Development Bank Group declines all responsibility for the fraudulent publications of job offers in its name or, in general, for the fraudulent use of its name in any way whatsoever. Interested candidates should apply via the website, https://www.afdb.orgEMPLOYER : CAMEROONJOBS.NETEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.cameroonjobs.netAPPLY NOWDate Posted : Mar 04, 2020Project Manager L&EP (Plan International)Required No. of Employee's : 1Salary : 0.00Duration of Employment : 09 MonthsPrefered Sex : Male/FemaleSector of Vacancy : Project ManagerQualification/Work Experience :Connaissances, compétences et comportements requis pour réaliser les objectifs du poste : Connaissances Etre titulaire d’un diplôme universitaire Bac+4 en Sciences sociales, Agronomie, Agro-Economie, Economie rurale, Développement Rural, en gestion des projets/Programme ou domaines similaires ; Longue expérience dans la mise en œuvre des projets d’impact social, des projets de moyens de subsistance/livelihood, des projets de résilience et de d’autonomisation des bénéficiaires et une parfaite connaissance des procédures de Planification, de programmation et Suivi-Evaluation des Projets ; Avoir au moins 03 années d’expérience continue dans la gestion des projets humanitaires ; Expérience pratique et pertinente dans les interventions en urgence ; Solide expérience en gestion de projet avec de gros budgets ; Solide expérience de travail avec les personnes vulnérables ; Avoir des compétences dans l’analyse des données statistiques des évaluations, des études d’impact social, ou similaire ; Etre bilingue (bien lire et écrire l’Anglais ou le Français) en plus d’une expérience de travail avec l’une des deux langues) Avoir une bonne connaissance de l’outil informatique et jouir d’une bonne aptitude dans le rapportage ; Avoir une bonne connaissance des textes internationaux relatives aux droits des populations déplacées (Refugies et PDI) ; Une connaissance des textes portant statut du réfugié, de la politique de Plan International en matière de Protection, de mobilisation communautaire, du genre, de lutte contre les VBGS, d’éducation et de sante constituerait un atout supplémentaire ; Bonne connaissance et compréhension des principes humanitaires établis, du code de conduite humanitaire et des standards internationaux de protection de l'enfant. Démontrable expertise technique dans la mise en œuvre des réponses de protection de l’enfant au niveau communautaires ; Compétences Facilite de Communication ; Grande capacité de planification et d’organisation ; Influence et persuasion ; Forte capacité d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Excellente capacité rédactionnelle (anglais et français) ; Avoir une grande capacité de synthèse; Avoir une grande aptitude à travailler en équipe; Avoir la capacité à travailler de façon autonome et sous pression; Comportements Promouvoir l’esprit de haute performance ; Etre ouvert à la critique ; Prêcher par l’exemple et respecter les partenaires ; Etre focalisé sur l’atteinte des objectifs du programme ; Avoir une bonne approche de gestion du temps et des priorités ; Communiquer dans un style qui inspire la confiance et le professionnalisme et forge la crédibilité des employés actuels et futurs ; Etre discret et tenir au secret professionnel ; Etre flexible et dévoué. Environnement et exigences physiques : Etre mature et disposer d’un équilibre personnel pour affronter des situations de détresse, être patient (e) et optimiste ; Etre apte à gérer des réactions de mécontentement ; Etre disponible et physiquement apte à exercer pleinement sa fonction; Aptitude à travailler dans un environnement multiculturel. Aptitude à travailler sous pression et à tout moment de jour comme de nuit. Travailler à la fois au bureau et sur le terrain à travers de fréquentes visites : le Coordonnateur du Projet dépensera au moins 60 % de son temps sur le terrain dans le cadre de la coordination et de suivi des activités périodes. Aptitude à travailler à plusieurs endroits et en mouvement.Job Description:Dimensions du poste : Le Gestionnaire du Projet intégré Moyens d’existence et éducation sera responsable de la mise en œuvre de façon intégrée des deux (02) composantes et de l’ensemble des activités du projet. Le titulaire de la position, avec l'appui du Responsable Suivi & Evaluation veillera à la mise en place/fonctionnement du système de suivi et d'évaluation du projet et de gestion des données issues des activités des deux composantes. Tout en assurant la coordination et la mise en œuvre du projet, il s'assurera que cette mise en œuvre est faite conformément au calendrier et au budget prévus. Le titulaire du poste assurera également l'interface et le soutien aux membres de l'équipe de projet. Project Management Mise en œuvre de façon intégrée des deux (02) composantes et de l’ensemble des activités du projet ; Fourniture des conseils et capacités techniques pour la gestion du projet, y compris la mise en œuvre, le suivi et l’évaluation des activités ; En collaboration avec les Responsables des deux composantes, réalisation avec qualité et dans le délai du projet en conformité avec les normes et exigences de Plan International et du bailleur de fonds ; Organisation et gestion de façon appropriée de la planification, la mise en œuvre et l’évaluation de chaque composante du projet ; Conception, développement et mise en application de toute stratégie, mécanisme, outil et matériel d’orientation devant assurer une bonne mise en œuvre des activités de chaque composante du projet ; Préparation, en collaboration avec les chargés des différentes composantes, des documents financiers à soumettre à l’approbation du superviseur ; Leadership/organisation des visites régulières de suivi et, au besoin, réviser et modifier les plans d'action du projet; Responsable de l'élaboration de tous les rapports narratifs et financiers (avec l'appui des départements des Finances et des Grants/subventions, ainsi que la revue technique du CPiE Spécialist) conformément aux exigences des donateurs et de Plan International ; Assurer le respect des exigences des donateurs (règles, procédures) : Suivi et gestion du budget du projet, y compris pour les achats et la distribution des ressources, la gestion du temps, les plans de travail et les dossiers; Suivi précis et en temps opportun et les rapports financiers et narratifs. Monitoring, Evaluation, Accountability and Learning Gestion des opérations de suivi et évaluation du projet, en conformité avec les principes et procédures de Plan International et du bailleur de fonds ; Identification et partage avec l’Emergency Response Manager de toutes opportunités, contraintes ou besoins de réajustement en lien avec le projet ; Mise en place de la mémoire du projet par l’organisation de la collecte, la consolidation, l’archivage des données liées au projet, ainsi que la mise en place et l’opérationnalisation des bases de données nécessaires pour la capitalisation du projet, en collaboration avec l’Officier du Suivi/évaluation ; Gestion du rapportage du projet par l’élaboration et la soumission à bonne date au Emergency Response Manager des différents rapports requis à savoir les rapports hebdomadaires, mensuels et trimestriels du programme, ainsi que tout rapport utile demandé par le superviseur et le bailleur. Information and Coordination Gestion des relations de partenariat avec les différentes parties prenantes dans la mise en œuvre du projet, y compris les structures étatiques, les communes, les comités & leaders des réfugiés, des Populations Déplacées Internes (PDI) et des communautés hôtes, les organisations intervenant dans le camp des refugiés et sur les sites de PDI ; Organisation des réunions mensuels et trimestrielles de l’équipe du projet, valider les rapports et plans d’action des composantes ; Représentation de Plan International Cameroon dans les mécanismes de coordination en lien avec les domaines d’intervention du Projet et notamment dans les réunions du groupe sectoriel Relèvement précoce /Livelihood ; Human Resource Development Animation, gestion, encadrement et renforcement des capacités de l’équipe de Projet, des partenaires et des communautés (Volontaires/Relais communautaires, points focaux...) dans les stratégies et les approches de relèvement précoce et d’autonomisation et dans la promotion de l’éducation en situation d’urgence; Mentorat et supervision de l'équipe de projet, y compris l'examen du rendement de tout le personnel du projet; Soutenir l'intégration des activités des différentes composantes du projet. Resource Mobilization En collaboration avec le Responsable Suivi-évaluation, le EiE Specialist et/ou le Livelihood Specialist développer des résumés de projet, des leçons apprises et des documents sur les meilleures pratiques qui pourraient alimenter de nouvelles idées de projet ; Avec l'appui technique du EiE spécialist et/ou le spécialist des moyens d'existence élaborer des Concepts Notes et de nouvelles propositions de financement, notamment dans le domaine du Livelihood/Moyens d’existence et de l’Education; Exécution de toute autre tâche confiée par le superviseur. Résultats finaux clés et responsabilités typiques : Assurer le suivi de la mise en œuvre des activités afin de garantir leur conformité à la planification du projet, à l’atteinte des objectifs et aux stratégies et procédures des bailleurs de fonds et de Plan International Cameroun; Assurer de façon particulière la planification, la mise en œuvre correcte et l’évaluation de toutes les composantes du projet ; Assurer le développement d’initiatives et de stratégies devant assurer une bonne adaptation avec le contexte humanitaire et la mise en œuvre efficace et efficiente des activités de toutes les composantes du projet ; S’assurer de la pleine participation des parties prenantes à toutes les étapes du Projet et maintenir les bonnes relations entre elles; Effectuer des visites auprès des refugies dans le camp, Populations Déplacées Internes (PDI), auprès des communautés hôtes et des partenaires a la faveur du suivi et de la supervision de la mise en œuvre des activités du Projet; Organiser les réunions de l’équipe du Projet, valider les rapports et plans d’action des différentes composantes du projet ; Animer, encadrer et suivre l’équipe du Projet et veiller en tant que de besoin au renforcement des capacités ; Rédiger et soumettre dans les délais les rapports hebdomadaires, mensuels et trimestriels du Projet, ainsi que tout rapport utile demandé par le superviseur et le bailleur de fonds ; Organiser les réunions mensuelles de gestion du Projet avec l’équipe et les réunions trimestrielles d’avancement avec les bailleurs de fonds, les bénéficiaires et les partenaires ; Faciliter l’évaluation du projet selon les principes et procédures des bailleurs de fonds ; Assurer la prise en compte des résultats des évaluations et des recommandations de la hiérarchie et des partenaires dans la mise en œuvre du Projet ; Faire la revue des rapports financiers du Projet en conformité avec les rapports narratifs ; Coordonner l’élaboration des TDR des activités avec les Responsables de composantes ; Faciliter la collecte, la consolidation, l’archivage des données liées au Projet ; Assurer la mise en place d’une base de données sur les réalisations de la composante Livelihood ainsi que sur la composante Education tout comme l’opérationnalisation et l’exploitation de toutes les bases de données mise en place dans le cadre du projet, en collaboration avec l’Officier du Suivi-évaluation ; Assurer la gestion des relations de partenariat avec les différentes parties ; Représenter Plan International Cameroon dans les mécanismes de coordination et groupes de travail en lien avec les domaines d’intervention du Projet; Veiller à ce que les questions d'égalité des sexes, de Protection de l’enfant, de la réduction des risques, de la résilience et de la sensibilité au conflit soient prises en compte dans la mise en œuvre du Projet ; Contribuer à la mobilisation de ressources additionnelles par l’élaboration de Concept Note et Proposal, notamment dans le domaine du livelihood/moyens d’existence ; Exécuter toute autre tâche confiée par la hiérarchie. Gérer les problèmes : La difficulté majeure sera d’assurer l’appropriation des approches promeut par le bailleur de fonds en matière d’autonomisation des déplacés (refugiés comme PDI), de mobilisation communautaire, de Protection, d’éducation, de lutte contre les VBG. Pour ce faire, le Project Manager fera preuve de : Une grande capacité d’écoute dans les échanges avec les refugies et les PDI en tenant compte de leur vulnérabilité ; Proactivité se traduisant par une grande capacité d’analyse et de proposition de solutions ; Un sens élevé de discernement ; Capacité à travailler sous pression ; Aptitude au respect des échéances du chronogramme établi ; Esprit d’équipe et de coordination. Communication et relations de travail : Interne Maintenir des contacts de niveau élevé avec le Emergency Response Manager, et ainsi que les Conseillers Techniques de Plan International Cameroon impliqués dans l’atteinte des résultats du Projet (Livelihood Advisor, Education Advisor, Child Protection Advisor, Gender Advisor,) ; Maintenir des relations avec les Responsables des composantes, le Comptable, le M&E Officer et tout le staff du Projet pour des discussions, le planning et l’évaluation des activités du Projet. Externe Collaborer avec les Comités et leaders des refugies, les Représentants des Populations Déplacés Internes PDI), les Responsables traditionnels des communautés hôtes et tout leaders communautaires pour faciliter le suivi des bénéficiaires du Projet ; Collaborer étroitement avec les points focaux représentant le bailleur ; Collaborer avec les Institutions des Nations Unies et les autres ONG intervenant dans l’assistance aux réfugiés, au PDI et entretenir un partenariat exemplaire avec les services déconcentrés de l’Etat et notamment avec les Délégations régionales et départementales du : MINAS, MINPROFF, MINADER, MINEDUB, MINADT). Postuler en ligne sur, https://unjobs.org/vacancies/EMPLOYER : UN JOBSEMPLOYER'S LOCATION : www.unjobs.orgAPPLY NOWOUR CONTACTcameroonjobs.net193 Rue Koloko,Bonapriso, Douala, Cameroon.+237-650492387-+447770724824admin@cameroonjobs.netJOBSEEKERS AND RECRUITERSHOMEREGISTERED COMPANIESRECENT JOBSABOUT USFREE JOB POSTINGJOBCHATCONTACT USHOT JOBSCustomer Service Representative - Vacancy # 09CLM2021Information and technology (IT) assistant - Vacancy # 08CLM2021Human Resources Manager- Vacancy # 07CLM2021OFFICE MANAGER- Vacancy # 06CLM2021SUB-GRANT MANAGER - Vacancy # 05CLM2021© cameroonjobs.net All right reserved."
