"21+ Top Jobs You Can Do From Home Online Without a DegreeSkip to contentFacebookPinterestEnvelopeWork at Home JobsMake Extra MoneyWork From Home TipsStart HereBlogAbout MeMenuWork at Home JobsMake Extra MoneyWork From Home TipsStart HereBlogAbout MeTop Jobs You Can Do From Home Online Without a Degree: 21+ Ideas that Pay WellBridget	November 10, 2020	Working from home is more popular than ever. One of the things that most people don’t realize about working from home is that you don’t have to have a remote position with an established company to get this privilege. In fact, the majority of people who work from home do so on their own as a freelancer.Freelancing isn’t as complicated as you think. And, it comes with many benefits. One of the most popular of its perks is that you don’t have to meet any certain requirements in order to be your own boss.While many companies require you to have a certain amount of experience or higher education in order to qualify for a position, none of that matters when you’re a freelancer. Instead of a degree, clients and customers just want to know that you will do a good job.Want more proof that there are plenty of jobs you can do from home online without a degree? Upwork’s comprehensive report, Freelancing in America: 2019, reveals some startling statistics. Of the 57 million freelancers in America, sixty percent did not complete college. That means in 2019, there were roughly 40 million freelancers without higher education. And, 52 percent of those interviewed said they would ditch their college education and instead replace it with training completely tailored to their current position.Simply put – if you don’t have a degree, you’re not alone. You’re also not as limited in income potential as was once thought.In October 2019, CNBC reported that skilled freelancers earn more per hour than 70 percent of traditional workers in the U.S. While freelancers may not have traditional benefits like insurance and 401K options, they do have the ability to command a much higher hourly wage, with unlimited earning potential. This is great news if you don’t have a degree, but want to work online.With the right job, you can make a significant income while also benefiting from all the awesome perks the come with working from home.This post may contain affiliate links, which means I may receive a small commission, at no cost to you, if you make a purchase through a link.Top Jobs You Can Do From Home Without a DegreeReady to get started? Check out these top online jobs with no degree needed.1) Freelance WriterFreelance writing is one of the highest paying work from home jobs without a degree. This is especially true if you start freelancing and finding your own clients. People who hire you couldn’t care less if you have a degree – they only care that you know how to write!If you want a writing position from home, freelancing is really the way to go, as many in-house remote positions will probably require you to complete college.Freelance writing has a lot of perks that put it at the top of my list for making money from home. For starters, it is flexible enough that it can be done whenever you have the spare time (as a mom of young kids, this was the top selling point for me!). It also pays extremely well. Some freelance writers make six figures a year!Don’t feel like you need to be a professional in order to get started. There are many different types of writing jobs out there, from blog posts to articles to eBooks, so chances are you can find something that you’re comfortable with.Interested in finding out more? Read this guide to help you get started as a freelance writer.2) Virtual AssistantAs a virtual assistant, you provide any number of virtual assistant services to businesses and entrepreneurs who need help running their business. This could mean answering emails, preparing article outlines, providing customer service support, or a whole host of other functions.While you may need a Bachelor’s degree in order to get hired as an in-house assistant, you certainly don’t need one if you want to offer this job from home.Virtual assisting is something else that is extremely flexible, making it a nice work from home option for parents with kids at home. You can absolutely customize this position to only offer those things that you feel comfortable doing.For instance, if you’re a Pinterest whiz and love spending time on the platform, consider becoming a Pinterest virtual assistant. If you love connecting with people and are an outgoing person, offer customer support services. There are an endless amount of virtual assistant services you can offer. No degree required.3) BloggingBlogging won’t make you money right away (unless you’re lucky and really know what you’re doing), but it’s definitely a side hustle you can start from home. Because this is something you’re doing all on your own rather than providing a service for someone else, you certainly don’t need a degree to do this work at home job.How do bloggers make money? Typically through advertising and affiliate marketing, but some also sell their own items or products. This does take time to build up, but if you set it up correctly and go in with the right mindset, you could make thousands per month.If you’re interested in learning more, this eBook from Suzi at Start a Mom Blog can start you out on the right path to blogging success.4) TranscriptionTranscription isn’t an online job you hear about every day, but it’s definitely something to consider. This is another job that you can do from home online without a degree. If you’re a fast typer and can pay close attention to detail, you can do this job.Transcription involves turning audio files into written documents. This is done by listening closely to those files, and then typing out what you hear.This isn’t often as straightforward as it sounds. In fact, there is special software to use and skills you need to hone before you can start offering this service to others.Janet Shaughnessy at Transcribe Anywhere is a pro at transcription from home. She offers a free course to anyone who wants to learn more about the ins and outs of transcription. If you’re interested in learning more about it, you have nothing to lose by checking it out!5) Voice Over ArtistHaving a clear, articulate, and great-sounding voice has nothing to do with whether or not you have a college degree. If you’re blessed with such a voice, you can use it to make money from home.There are a variety of voice-over jobs available from home. Many corporations need voice-over work for a variety of different content, like commercials or presentations.Other options are narrating audiobooks or simply being the friendly voice that callers hear when phoning a business. Voices.com and The Voice Realm are two online companies that connect voice-over artists with jobs like these.6) Proofreader or EditorYou don’t need a degree to be a proofreader or editor from home. You just need to have an excellent command of grammar and the English language.As a proofreader, you’d be responsible for spotting typos and errors in documents before they go to print or publication. An editor also has this responsibility, with the added commitment of monitoring pieces for consistency and flow (read more about the differences here).Both jobs are things you can definitely do from home online without a degree. Read our Proofreading Academy review to learn more about how you can get started.7) Search Engine EvaluatorIf you’re the kind of person who loves analyzing and doing research, you might really enjoy working as a search engine evaluator.For this work from home position, you’ll perform web searches as instructed and then analyze the results. As a web search evaluator, you’ll play an important role in making sure that search engine results stay accurate and up-to-date. When you type a search query into a search engine, you want to make sure you get the best results.In order to succeed in this work from home job, you don’t need a degree. You do, however, need to thoroughly study the reviewer guidelines and pass a test in order to get this position.8) Virtual BookkeeperAnother job you can do from home online without a degree is working as a virtual bookkeeper. With this position, you’ll use your organizational skills to provide freelance bookkeeping services to businesses who may not have the time or know-how to do it themselves.Freelance bookkeeping isn’t quite the same thing as accounting – you don’t need to be a professional accountant to offer this service. As a bookkeeper, you’ll offer the administrative tasks involved in recording financial transactions and keeping records of things like sales, receipts, and payments.In today’s virtual world, this is easy to do online from home. As an added bonus (if you’re really organized), you can offer virtual bookkeeping to several clients at once, greatly increasing your earning potential.9) Sell PrintablesPrintables are just what they sound like – printable items like calendars, posters, planners, and activity sheets that can be printed out from home. If you’re good at graphic design, you can start your own Etsy shop and sell things types of things.The great thing about selling printables is that you don’t have the hassle of constantly creating and shipping items. It is one of the most passive forms of income that there is.Once you create your item, you list it for sale and it can be sold thousands of times over, generating a steady stream of income.10) CopywriterCopywriting is a specific type of freelance writing. It involves creating compelling and persuasive copy, which is used for marketing, sales funnels, lead generation, and more.Many businesses and entrepreneurs depend on good copywriters to help them sell their products. If you’re good at writing persuasive copy, you can make a very good living from home.You don’t need a degree to be a good copywriter. You just need to be a compelling wordsmith.11) Online Interior DesignerThanks to the power of the internet, you no longer need to go into people’s homes in order to be a professional interior designer. In fact, you don’t need to leave your house at all! You can conduct your styling sessions and consultations completely online.If you’re a decorating genius with a keen eye for design, you can work from home as an interior designer. If you choose this work from home job, your clients won’t care whether or not you have a degree. Instead, all they’ll care about is what you’re capable of doing.This is one online job where it’s far more important to have a strong portfolio and references than it is to have a diploma. If you have enough experience, you could choose to go it alone and find your own clients. Alternatively, look at a platform like Decorilla to conduct your work.12) Social Media ManagerSocial media is a huge commercial driver for businesses. Not only is it a platform where customers can learn all about a business, but they can also read reviews, buy products, and engage directly with the business or its brand. Companies also tap into its strong marketing power with ads and other engagement.A social media manager is someone who oversees this big process. Depending on the size of your client, you may not handle all of these aspects – some put marketing in its own category – but chances are you’ll touch on most of it.Social media managers generally take charge of creating and monitoring accounts, including watching comments, scheduling posts, and answering messages. This could mean you need to step in for damage control if comments on a post get out of hand or a disgruntled customer wants to connect with someone in authority.The only requirements for this work at home job are a thorough knowledge of all social media platforms and tact enough to know what to post to make your client look their best.13) Online Fitness CoachYou don’t need a degree in order to work as an online fitness coach. Instead, you only need to love exercise and have a motivational personality.As a virtual health coach, you can guide your clients through workout sessions online. You can also offer nutritional health plans and provide custom workout routines. Additionally, you can offer support and guidance through one-on-one sessions via webcam.14) Graphic DesignerYou do need to have some knowledge of how graphic design programs work, but you certainly don’t need a degree in order to hack it as a freelance graphic designer.Put your graphic design skills to good use offering freelance services to anyone who needs a professional logo, brochure design, or just a cool new look.15) Customer ServiceIf you prefer to work in-house for a company or organization rather than simply freelance, customer service might be the right fit for you.Many companies hire for remote customer service positions. This type of job usually involves either answering phones or working online in a chat box or email messaging systems to field questions and troubleshoot customer problems.If you’re interested in this type of job, you’ll usually find it in-house with a company, but you may also see companies hiring independent contractors for part-time work.Customer service jobs come with the benefit of (often) being steady, regular work, but this may mean you have to work hours you might not like.16) Podcast ManagerIt seems like everyone has a podcast these days. This form of communication and entertainment is becoming increasingly popular, but they do take a lot of time to develop.Creating a winning podcast is not as simple as hitting record and then upload. Podcasters also need to edit, publish, and promote their podcasts in order to get the word out.As a podcast manager working online, you could take over all the heavy lifting of these tasks. This would really be a huge help to busy podcasting entrepreneurs who would rather outsource this side of things anyway.Of course, this isn’t something you would learn in a college classroom, which is why it’s a great job you can do from home without a degree. Plus, you can help multiple clients at a time, increasing your overall revenue.17) Web DesignerIf you’re a business owner, having a great-looking website is no longer optional. It’s crucial for business success. If you learn the ins and outs of web design this is a service you could offer as a work-from-home business.It actually might be easier than you think to find clients for your web designing services. Start with local businesses and restaurants who many not have a great-looking website (or any website at all). Oftentimes, small busines owners avoid creating a website because they don’t know how to do it, they don’t have time to deal with it, or they don’t know who to turn to for help.This is a great opportunity to meet in-person and pitch your services as an easy solution to this problem.18) Online Travel AgentTravel agents are definitely still a thing. But gone are the days you need to sit behind a desk in a shopfront someone in order to help your clients. This is something you can very easily do from home.All that’s required is that you have a passion for helping people, an eye for details, and a love for sleuthing for the best deal. No degree required.19) Freelance Video EditorAnyone who creates videos for the web needs to edit those videos before they’re ready to be posted. As a freelance video editor, you could take over this task for someone who’s pressed for time.This could be anyone from a YouTuber to a course creator to a business that shoots marketing videos. Even bloggers are jumping on the video bandwagon and uploading video content to their websites.There is a wide range of people that upload videos and need good editing services.20) Online Music TeacherAs an online music teacher, you can leverage the power of a webcam to provide instruction to your students without ever leaving your house.This is a job that’s easy to do without a degree because it is totally dependent on your ability to sing or play an instrument. As long as you can adequately help students learn your skill, you can do this job.Opt to instruct students on certain songs or pieces, or provide complete weekly lessons. Choose to do this on your own, or find out more at takelessons.com or livemusicinstructor.com.21) Online ModeratorControlling social media pages and forums is a big job. Most companies don’t have the time or manpower to moderate the many user comments that come through these sites, so they are willing to hire someone to moderate comments remotely.To find job opportunities, check out The Social Element.22) Virtual ReceptionistSome businesses want to be available to their customers even after business hours.As a virtual receptionist, you could answer phones from home or respond via chatbot to any inquiries that come over a company’s website. You don’t need a degree to do this job, but you do need regular availability.If you enjoy customer service and talking to people, and you have a schedule that allows you to take on consistent, regular work, this type of job is a good option.Tips for Choosing the Best Online JobThanks to the power of the Internet, there are many options when it comes to choosing an online job. You don’t need a degree for these jobs, but you do need certain skills and know-how. Here are some tips to help you make sure you find the best job.First, make sure you understand how to start a freelance business. Freelancing is an important aspect of many of these jobs, and it requires the right foundation.Next, evaluate your schedule and take into account how much you can realistically work. If you have kids in school all day, you’ll likely have far more time than a mom with several young toddlers at home.Consider your skillset. Do you have time to devote to learning a new skill, or do you want to find a job that will easy to pick up quickly?Consider the initial investment involved. This could be anything from training courses, to on-site supplies, to setting up a website for your new business. Make sure you have a clear idea as to how much you can spend before getting started.Working from home and making very good money is definitely possible, even if you don’t have a higher education or high school degree. In the end, these business ideas all depend on your talent, not on your resume.Choose one of these jobs you can do from home online without a degree, and find the freedom that comes from working from home.Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREESign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice.You'll also get my FREE eBook, 100 Ways to Make Money From Home.Yes, Send Me My eBook!Thank you!You have successfully joined our subscriber list.Leave a Comment Cancel ReplyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Type here..Name*Email*WebsiteSearchHi, I’m Bridget Sielicki.I’m a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I’ve been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame.Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you’re home with your own kids. Learn more here.Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights ReservedTerms of Use | Privacy Policy | DisclaimerAffiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.comWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies.AcceptRejectClose GDPR Cookie SettingsPrivacy OverviewStrictly Necessary CookiesPowered by GDPR Cookie CompliancePrivacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.Enable or Disable CookiesIf you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.Enable AllSave Settings"
