"It Jobs & Vacancies | Apply Now | Randstad.co.ukYou need to enable JavaScript to run this app.randstadsearch jobsjob seekeremployersabout uscareer advicejoin randstadour officesmy randstadjob specialismsfind jobs in:construction & propertyeducationgraduatesocial careengineeringinternational teachingsalesithealthsecretarial & adminsee all jobscontact ussearch jobsjob seekerregister your CVareas of expertisecareer resourcesCV hubIR35coronavirus adviceemployersrequest a call backareas of expertiserecruitment solutionsIR35NHS staff with Randstadtrainingmarket insightsabout usour historyour partnershipssocial responsibilitypress releasesAI principlescomplaintsour brand storysustainability at work reportcareer adviceall articleshow to write a cvinterview guidancesupport for temp workersworking from homejoin randstadsearch jobs at Randstadour historyhuman forwardrewards and benefitslearning and developmentcontact usour officesmy randstadmy randstadedit profileaccount settingslog outYou are successfully logged out of your my randstad accountcloseYou have successfully deleted your accountcloseclearclearsearch 16 jobsget job alerts for this searchsubscribed to job alertset a job alertGet notified by mail on all jobs that match your preferences.daily updatesweekly updatesmonthly updatesI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.confirm job alertthank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.16 jobs found in wood green, londonsort:sort by ...daterelevancyfilter4sort by ...daterelevancyspecialism1working inspecialismconstruction & propertygraduateeducationitinternational teachingfinancial servicesengineeringhealthaccountancy & financehrsalessocial caresecretarial & adminmarketing & prcustomer serviceslegalsub specialismdevelopmentnetwork, systems & securityanalysis, intelligence & datamanagementjob categorysoftware developerweb developerbi developerdata analystdevelopment managerit business analystit project managernetwork engineernetwork managersecurity engineersecurity managersystems analystshow 16 jobsclear filterlocation1location & rangeuse current locationselect a range5 miles10 miles25 miles50 milesshow 16 jobsclear filterjob types0job typespermanentcontracttemporaryshow 16 jobsclear filtersalary0salaryper hourper dayper yearshow 16 jobsclear filterclear allfiltersclear all1specialism1location0job type0salaryspecialismconstruction & propertygraduateeducationitinternational teachingfinancial servicesengineeringhealthaccountancy & financehrsalessocial caresecretarial & adminmarketing & prcustomer serviceslegalsub specialismdevelopmentnetwork, systems & securityanalysis, intelligence & datamanagementjob categorysoftware developerweb developerbi developerdata analystdevelopment managerit business analystit project managernetwork engineernetwork managersecurity engineersecurity managersystems analystuse current locationselect a range5 miles10 miles25 miles50 milespermanentcontracttemporaryper hourper dayper yearshow 0 jobssenior appsec engineerlondon, londonpermanent£80,000 - £100,000, per year, Packagerandstad technologiesRandstad Technologies are delighted to be partnered with a well known Financial Services entity in London on their search for a Senior AppSec Engineer. Reporting directly to the CISO, you'll be senior member of the security team and will help firm up the application security posture. This is a great opportunity to join an expanding security team in a digital only environment, using only the most cutting edge tech. The team follow best practises and work in an agile manor.Responsibilities;Hands on testing (WebApp and Mobile)Working with the software team on SDLC.Create and promote security initiatives throughout the business.Create threat models and attack path maps in order to drive security improvements.Working with the wider team to discover and fix vulnerabilities.Requirements;Expert level hands on testing skills (both Mobile & WebApp)Previous experience working in Agile environments.A genuine passion for security. If you can't demonstrate that you have a passion for security outside of a pay cheque (e.g a blog, an active bug bounty list, published work, attending conventions etc.) then this team isn't for you. My client is unfortunately unable to sponsor and applicants from outside the EU, or without valid working visas, will not be able to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 23 november 2020Randstad Technologies are delighted to be partnered with a well known Financial Services entity in London on their search for a Senior AppSec Engineer. Reporting directly to the CISO, you'll be senior member of the security team and will help firm up the application security posture. This is a great opportunity to join an expanding security team in a digital only environment, using only the most cutting edge tech. The team follow best practises and work in an agile manor.Responsibilities;Hands on testing (WebApp and Mobile)Working with the software team on SDLC.Create and promote security initiatives throughout the business.Create threat models and attack path maps in order to drive security improvements.Working with the wider team to discover and fix vulnerabilities.Requirements;Expert level hands on testing skills (both Mobile & WebApp)Previous experience working in Agile environments.A genuine passion for security. If you can't demonstrate that you have a passion for security outside of a pay cheque (e.g a blog, an active bug bounty list, published work, attending conventions etc.) then this team isn't for you. My client is unfortunately unable to sponsor and applicants from outside the EU, or without valid working visas, will not be able to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsremote powerbi developerlondon, londoncontract£300 - £400 per dayrandstad technologiesGreat contract opportunity for a strong Power BI Developer. You will be providing BI development, advice and solution development using Microsoft Power BI, SQL, SSAS, SSRS and AzureMy client is based in London but they don't require you to report to the office but to work remotley.Rate: £300-£400 a day Required experience will include:Power BI, SQL (SQL Server), SSAS (Tabular), Data Visualisation and Design (Dashboards)Desirable: Azure If this Power BI role is of interest to you please respond to this email. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 4 january 2021Great contract opportunity for a strong Power BI Developer. You will be providing BI development, advice and solution development using Microsoft Power BI, SQL, SSAS, SSRS and AzureMy client is based in London but they don't require you to report to the office but to work remotley.Rate: £300-£400 a day Required experience will include:Power BI, SQL (SQL Server), SSAS (Tabular), Data Visualisation and Design (Dashboards)Desirable: Azure If this Power BI role is of interest to you please respond to this email. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailshead of devopscity of london, londonpermanent£100,000 - £120,000 per yearrandstad technologiesHead of DevOps - Permanent - £100-120k - Central LondonHead of DevOps required for a leading Fintech organisation that provide finance applications for access to ISAs, pensions, and various other savings products for consumers across the UK. They have been storming the fintech market for a few years now and have a strong engineering team with a passionate technology driven environment.Key skills:-Experience building and maintaining CI/CD pipelinesExpert in containerisation (Docker/Kubernetes)Terraform/Ansible/PuppetHave previously managed a small team of engineersProven track record of delivering enterprise level DevOps projectsMentoring junior members of the teamBenefits:-Discretionary bonus (up to 20% of salary)Competetive salary30 days holidayContributory PensionHealthcareDentalIf the above role sounds of interest, then please forward your up to date CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for additional details and an initial telephone screening. Head of DevOps - Permanent - £100-120k - Central London Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 8 january 2021Head of DevOps - Permanent - £100-120k - Central LondonHead of DevOps required for a leading Fintech organisation that provide finance applications for access to ISAs, pensions, and various other savings products for consumers across the UK. They have been storming the fintech market for a few years now and have a strong engineering team with a passionate technology driven environment.Key skills:-Experience building and maintaining CI/CD pipelinesExpert in containerisation (Docker/Kubernetes)Terraform/Ansible/PuppetHave previously managed a small team of engineersProven track record of delivering enterprise level DevOps projectsMentoring junior members of the teamBenefits:-Discretionary bonus (up to 20% of salary)Competetive salary30 days holidayContributory PensionHealthcareDentalIf the above role sounds of interest, then please forward your up to date CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for additional details and an initial telephone screening. Head of DevOps - Permanent - £100-120k - Central London Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailssoftware developerlondon, londonpermanent£50,000 - £65,000 per yearrandstad technologiesA client of mine are currently looking for a Software Developer to join their London based team as they rapidly expand for 2021.The Software Developer will help execute project roadmaps, plans and delivery commitments using technologies such as .NET, Python, and AWS. You will be accountable for code quality through code reviews and will have the opportunity to work frequently with international teams.Due to the nature of the projects, any experience with SaaS based ERP and accounting platforms (such as Microsoft AX) is highly desirable. While the Software Developer will be working closely with the international BI team where experience with SQL, SSIS, Tableau, etc is beneficial.Salary: £50000 - £65000Location: LondonPlease don't hesitate to apply if this role suits your skillset and you are currently open to hearing about new opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 15 january 2021A client of mine are currently looking for a Software Developer to join their London based team as they rapidly expand for 2021.The Software Developer will help execute project roadmaps, plans and delivery commitments using technologies such as .NET, Python, and AWS. You will be accountable for code quality through code reviews and will have the opportunity to work frequently with international teams.Due to the nature of the projects, any experience with SaaS based ERP and accounting platforms (such as Microsoft AX) is highly desirable. While the Software Developer will be working closely with the international BI team where experience with SQL, SSIS, Tableau, etc is beneficial.Salary: £50000 - £65000Location: LondonPlease don't hesitate to apply if this role suits your skillset and you are currently open to hearing about new opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsplatform owner / product managerlondon, londoncontract£100 - £1,000 per dayrandstad business supportPOSITION: Platform Owner/Product ManagerLOCATION: London TYPE: Contract with a potential to go perm RATE: Competitive Are you an influential Platform Owner with the ability to manage change? Have you got a strong business acumen and are excited at the prospect of working for a world leading company? Randstad are recruiting on behalf of a well known luxury beauty brand for their London team. The successful candidate will be responsible for the full lifecycle management of the companies Consumer Data Platform. This will include strategic planning for tactical activities, specifying market requirements for current/future products and platform enhancements, leads ideation, technical development and the launch of new products. Key Responsibilities include:Understanding the market opportunity and translating that into a roadmap.Overall delivery of a set of integrated, technically sound solutions.Define and execute the vision, strategy and product / platform / services roadmap.Work with Business Analysts to develop requirements documents and use cases for new features.Monitor the status of development projects supporting new features.Conduct competitive analysis by looking at industry trends, customer needs, etc.Collaborate with Delivery Managers to develop project milestones and facilitate development, testing progress against milestones.Collaborate with other Product Managers in developing new features. Provide project status reports to the Project/Program Manager and take ownership for the delivery of the technical components of the program.Work with UK business so they understand what the platforms provide and how best to utilise them. Skills and Experience include:Ability to tie together solutions across systemsKnowledge of Marketing technologiesConsumer MDM knowledgeSkilled with JiraExperienced in Integration TechnologiesCustomer Relationship management experienceFinancial management experienceBackground in Program / Project managementRelease / Deployment management experienceKnowledge of SDLC MethodologiesStrategic Sourcing & Vendor Management experience Are you excited at the prospect of working on behalf of a well established, luxury brand? Do you want to play a pivotal role in a major project? Apply today! Randstad Business Support is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.posted 18 january 2021POSITION: Platform Owner/Product ManagerLOCATION: London TYPE: Contract with a potential to go perm RATE: Competitive Are you an influential Platform Owner with the ability to manage change? Have you got a strong business acumen and are excited at the prospect of working for a world leading company? Randstad are recruiting on behalf of a well known luxury beauty brand for their London team. The successful candidate will be responsible for the full lifecycle management of the companies Consumer Data Platform. This will include strategic planning for tactical activities, specifying market requirements for current/future products and platform enhancements, leads ideation, technical development and the launch of new products. Key Responsibilities include:Understanding the market opportunity and translating that into a roadmap.Overall delivery of a set of integrated, technically sound solutions.Define and execute the vision, strategy and product / platform / services roadmap.Work with Business Analysts to develop requirements documents and use cases for new features.Monitor the status of development projects supporting new features.Conduct competitive analysis by looking at industry trends, customer needs, etc.Collaborate with Delivery Managers to develop project milestones and facilitate development, testing progress against milestones.Collaborate with other Product Managers in developing new features. Provide project status reports to the Project/Program Manager and take ownership for the delivery of the technical components of the program.Work with UK business so they understand what the platforms provide and how best to utilise them. Skills and Experience include:Ability to tie together solutions across systemsKnowledge of Marketing technologiesConsumer MDM knowledgeSkilled with JiraExperienced in Integration TechnologiesCustomer Relationship management experienceFinancial management experienceBackground in Program / Project managementRelease / Deployment management experienceKnowledge of SDLC MethodologiesStrategic Sourcing & Vendor Management experience Are you excited at the prospect of working on behalf of a well established, luxury brand? Do you want to play a pivotal role in a major project? Apply today! Randstad Business Support is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.show job detailsremote - full stack developerlondon, londonpermanent£35,000 - £45,000 per yearrandstad technologiesPHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 13 january 2021PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailscloud infrastructure engineercity of london, londonpermanent£60,000 - £70,000 per yearrandstad technologiesCloud Infrastructure Engineer - Permanent - £60-70k (DOE) - London Cloud Infrastructure Engineer required for a leading client in London, Marylebone. The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer will be a technical leader within the infrastructure team and take ownership over my clients infrastructure. The Cloud Infractructure Engineer will demonstrate technical knowledge and experience to lead the delivery of solutions to public and private cloud infrastructure. Key skills:Demonstrable experience delivering complex cloud and enterprise solutionsExperience delivering 3rd/4th lin technical supportHands-on experience with Microsoft solutions such as SQL, Sharepoint, Active Directory etc.Microsoft Azure services understandingVMware, vSphere, vCentreIn return, my client can offer a competitive salary between £60-70k, the usual benefits of pension, holiday, cycle to work, childcare vouchers. They also offer private health and dental care and a number of other benefits. If the above role sounds of interest then please forward your CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for an initial telephone screening. Cloud Infrastructure Engineer - Permanent - £60-70k (DOE) - London Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 12 january 2021Cloud Infrastructure Engineer - Permanent - £60-70k (DOE) - London Cloud Infrastructure Engineer required for a leading client in London, Marylebone. The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer will be a technical leader within the infrastructure team and take ownership over my clients infrastructure. The Cloud Infractructure Engineer will demonstrate technical knowledge and experience to lead the delivery of solutions to public and private cloud infrastructure. Key skills:Demonstrable experience delivering complex cloud and enterprise solutionsExperience delivering 3rd/4th lin technical supportHands-on experience with Microsoft solutions such as SQL, Sharepoint, Active Directory etc.Microsoft Azure services understandingVMware, vSphere, vCentreIn return, my client can offer a competitive salary between £60-70k, the usual benefits of pension, holiday, cycle to work, childcare vouchers. They also offer private health and dental care and a number of other benefits. If the above role sounds of interest then please forward your CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for an initial telephone screening. Cloud Infrastructure Engineer - Permanent - £60-70k (DOE) - London Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailssalesforce business analystlondon, londoncontract£300 - £350 per dayrandstad business supportJOB ROLE: Salesforce Business Analyst LOCATION: LondonTYPE: ContractRATE: Day rate Do you want to work in a dynamic and collaborative team? Are you excited by a fast paced environment and able to work on multiple initiatives at the same time? Randstad is recruiting a Salesforce Business Analyst on behalf of one of the fastest growing medical device companies. The successful candidate will support their commercial projects portfolio to accommodate new products, new markets and new functions through business analysis and Salesforce expertise. Including business process definition, solution design, configuration and implementation of technical solutions across the Salesforce.com platform.Responsibilities: Perform complex business and systems analysis work including requirements gathering/user story creation via information gathering sessions with business users and technical staff.Develop supporting documentation such as process flows, mockups, and system interface diagrams.Communicate effectively with business users on the status of enhancements and open production support tickets.Develop comprehensive test plans, coordinate test activities, lead UAT exercises and/or help execute test components. Education and Experience:5+ Years Salesforce Experience working as Business AnalystHands on Configuration experience Hands on experience with Sales & Service Cloud is essential Experience in Testing Knowledge of Marketing Cloud advantageousCertified Salesforce AdministratorExperience working on projects related to Commercial/Sales process improvementKnowledge of Salesforce.com conceptsExperience supporting or working within the pharmaceutical, medical device or other regulatory-controlled industryIf you enjoy working with multiple stakeholders and would like to continue improving your skill set, then apply today!Randstad Business Support is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.posted 13 january 2021JOB ROLE: Salesforce Business Analyst LOCATION: LondonTYPE: ContractRATE: Day rate Do you want to work in a dynamic and collaborative team? Are you excited by a fast paced environment and able to work on multiple initiatives at the same time? Randstad is recruiting a Salesforce Business Analyst on behalf of one of the fastest growing medical device companies. The successful candidate will support their commercial projects portfolio to accommodate new products, new markets and new functions through business analysis and Salesforce expertise. Including business process definition, solution design, configuration and implementation of technical solutions across the Salesforce.com platform.Responsibilities: Perform complex business and systems analysis work including requirements gathering/user story creation via information gathering sessions with business users and technical staff.Develop supporting documentation such as process flows, mockups, and system interface diagrams.Communicate effectively with business users on the status of enhancements and open production support tickets.Develop comprehensive test plans, coordinate test activities, lead UAT exercises and/or help execute test components. Education and Experience:5+ Years Salesforce Experience working as Business AnalystHands on Configuration experience Hands on experience with Sales & Service Cloud is essential Experience in Testing Knowledge of Marketing Cloud advantageousCertified Salesforce AdministratorExperience working on projects related to Commercial/Sales process improvementKnowledge of Salesforce.com conceptsExperience supporting or working within the pharmaceutical, medical device or other regulatory-controlled industryIf you enjoy working with multiple stakeholders and would like to continue improving your skill set, then apply today!Randstad Business Support is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.show job detailsanalytics managerlondon, londonpermanent£55,000 - £60,000 per yearrandstad technologiesA client of mine are currently looking for an Analytics Manager to head up a team of analysts based in Central London focused on delivering methodologies, design and approaches to create value from the company data.The Analytics Manager's time will be split between leading the team, strategising across the wider business and working with internal and external stakeholders on utilising Data & Business Intelligence. You will be working in parallel with multiple teams to ensure the agile delivery of user stories and manage sprints that deliver value, ensuring data driven decisions.This role is a great fit for anyone who works with PowerBI and has previous experience managing teams of analysts.Salary: £55000 - £65000Location: LondonPlease don't hesitate to apply if this role suits your skillset and you are currently open to hearing about new opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 14 january 2021A client of mine are currently looking for an Analytics Manager to head up a team of analysts based in Central London focused on delivering methodologies, design and approaches to create value from the company data.The Analytics Manager's time will be split between leading the team, strategising across the wider business and working with internal and external stakeholders on utilising Data & Business Intelligence. You will be working in parallel with multiple teams to ensure the agile delivery of user stories and manage sprints that deliver value, ensuring data driven decisions.This role is a great fit for anyone who works with PowerBI and has previous experience managing teams of analysts.Salary: £55000 - £65000Location: LondonPlease don't hesitate to apply if this role suits your skillset and you are currently open to hearing about new opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsintegration engineerlondon, londonpermanent£55,000 - £60,000 per yearrandstad technologiesIntegration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k paIntegration Engineer required for a global financial services organisation in Birmingham. They're looking for someone adept with JSON, REST APIs, and Oauth 2.0 to join their thriving and vital digital security team. The API & Gateway engineer will have a focus on continual approval and be responsible for the API gateway administration. Key skills:Strong knowledge of API Gateway manager and portalAPI Gateway set up and Oauth configurationGood understanding of JSON and RESTPrevious experience in a high traffic API environmentApproval, authorisation, authentication, loggin, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD)My client can offer a very competitive benefit package including a market leading pension plan and an up to 8% annual bonus. The role is 99% remote, with once monthly visits to offices in Solihull. If the above role sounds of interest then please respond to this advert with your most recent CV or reach out to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad Integration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k pa Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 13 january 2021Integration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k paIntegration Engineer required for a global financial services organisation in Birmingham. They're looking for someone adept with JSON, REST APIs, and Oauth 2.0 to join their thriving and vital digital security team. The API & Gateway engineer will have a focus on continual approval and be responsible for the API gateway administration. Key skills:Strong knowledge of API Gateway manager and portalAPI Gateway set up and Oauth configurationGood understanding of JSON and RESTPrevious experience in a high traffic API environmentApproval, authorisation, authentication, loggin, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD)My client can offer a very competitive benefit package including a market leading pension plan and an up to 8% annual bonus. The role is 99% remote, with once monthly visits to offices in Solihull. If the above role sounds of interest then please respond to this advert with your most recent CV or reach out to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad Integration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k pa Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsdevops engineercity of london, londonpermanent£60,000 - £80,000 per yearrandstad technologiesDevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH)DevOps Engineer required for a leading AdTech organisation that provide applications for leading agencies in the advertising industry. They have been storming the adtech market for a few years now and have a strong development team with a passionate technology driven environment. The role has become available due to unprecedented demand and growth within the business. This role would suit a Software Developer looking to move into DevOps or a DevOps engineer with a development background. Key skills:-Comfortable working with the AWS Cloud platformExperience with DevOps toolsSoftware development experienceInfrastructure as codeCI/CDNode.JS/Python/TypescriptBenefits:-Competetive salary25 days holidayContributory PensionFlexible and remote workingHealth and Dental careThis role is offered on a remote/WFH basis. The expecation will be to visit the central London office once or twice a quarter for 'all-hands' meetings and social occasions. You must be eligible to work in the UK and sponsorship is not available.If the above role sounds of interest, then please forward your up to date CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for additional details and an initial telephone screening. I have interview slots this week, and the client will be able to get someone started immediately if available.DevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH) Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 19 january 2021DevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH)DevOps Engineer required for a leading AdTech organisation that provide applications for leading agencies in the advertising industry. They have been storming the adtech market for a few years now and have a strong development team with a passionate technology driven environment. The role has become available due to unprecedented demand and growth within the business. This role would suit a Software Developer looking to move into DevOps or a DevOps engineer with a development background. Key skills:-Comfortable working with the AWS Cloud platformExperience with DevOps toolsSoftware development experienceInfrastructure as codeCI/CDNode.JS/Python/TypescriptBenefits:-Competetive salary25 days holidayContributory PensionFlexible and remote workingHealth and Dental careThis role is offered on a remote/WFH basis. The expecation will be to visit the central London office once or twice a quarter for 'all-hands' meetings and social occasions. You must be eligible to work in the UK and sponsorship is not available.If the above role sounds of interest, then please forward your up to date CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for additional details and an initial telephone screening. I have interview slots this week, and the client will be able to get someone started immediately if available.DevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH) Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailscyber security managerlondon, londonpermanent£45,000 - £70,000, per year, Fully remote workrandstad technologiesRandstad Technologies are delighted to be partnered exclusively with a well funded start up in London on their search for a Cyber Security Manager. Reporting directly to the CTO, you'll be the first hire within cyber and therefore will have full responsibility for building the function as you see fit.The team currently sits at 8 but plans and funding are there to grow to 15 within the next 6 months due to continued success. This is a VERY unique opportunity to build your own Cyber function from scratch. The role is fully remote based but you would be expected in the office once or twice a month. If you are able to commute to London easily, and want to, there is space for you to work in the office immediately.The ideal candidate should have experience in development within the LAMP stack, but have moved into a Cyber Security based role.Responsibilities;● Keeping remote Linux systems and applications up-to-date and configuring new installations as you see fit.● Configuring firewalls and packages.● Writing and running load tests.● Scanning systems for vulnerabilities and creating reports.● Peer reviewing code for vulnerabilities and integrity (PHP)● Improving company procedures and best practices in regards to cyber security.Requirements;● Experience in PHP, Linux and Apache configuration● Experience in creating load tests● Up to date with modern day threats.● Experience in incident response. My client is unfortunately unable to sponsor and applicants from outside the EU, or without valid working visas, will not be able to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 29 october 2020Randstad Technologies are delighted to be partnered exclusively with a well funded start up in London on their search for a Cyber Security Manager. Reporting directly to the CTO, you'll be the first hire within cyber and therefore will have full responsibility for building the function as you see fit.The team currently sits at 8 but plans and funding are there to grow to 15 within the next 6 months due to continued success. This is a VERY unique opportunity to build your own Cyber function from scratch. The role is fully remote based but you would be expected in the office once or twice a month. If you are able to commute to London easily, and want to, there is space for you to work in the office immediately.The ideal candidate should have experience in development within the LAMP stack, but have moved into a Cyber Security based role.Responsibilities;● Keeping remote Linux systems and applications up-to-date and configuring new installations as you see fit.● Configuring firewalls and packages.● Writing and running load tests.● Scanning systems for vulnerabilities and creating reports.● Peer reviewing code for vulnerabilities and integrity (PHP)● Improving company procedures and best practices in regards to cyber security.Requirements;● Experience in PHP, Linux and Apache configuration● Experience in creating load tests● Up to date with modern day threats.● Experience in incident response. My client is unfortunately unable to sponsor and applicants from outside the EU, or without valid working visas, will not be able to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsreact developerlondon, londoncontractcompetitiverandstad technologiesContract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechMy well known FinTech client and looking to bring in a JavaScript expert on an initial 6 month contract with the view to extend over 2 years, working fully remotely.You will be required to design the visual layout for websites or web based products with the goal of enhancing appeal to the user while maximising functionality. Experience required;- React (3+ years)- HTML, CSS, ES6- Experience designing and developing high-traffic websites- Test driven development- Continuous integration & Continuous deployment This role is an immediate requirement and interviews can be set up right away.Therefore if you are available or becoming so and want to work with one of the best technology basedfinance companies, please reply with your latest CV.Please be aware this role is PAYE, due to the client falling within IR35.Contract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechRandstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.posted 7 january 2021Contract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechMy well known FinTech client and looking to bring in a JavaScript expert on an initial 6 month contract with the view to extend over 2 years, working fully remotely.You will be required to design the visual layout for websites or web based products with the goal of enhancing appeal to the user while maximising functionality. Experience required;- React (3+ years)- HTML, CSS, ES6- Experience designing and developing high-traffic websites- Test driven development- Continuous integration & Continuous deployment This role is an immediate requirement and interviews can be set up right away.Therefore if you are available or becoming so and want to work with one of the best technology basedfinance companies, please reply with your latest CV.Please be aware this role is PAYE, due to the client falling within IR35.Contract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechRandstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.show job detailsqliksense developer - contract - londonlondon, londoncontract£425 - £435, per day, (PAYE)randstad technologiesQliksense Developer role. My clients are looking to get someone started quickly and are recruiting for an experienced Qliksense Developer who is immediately available. Location: London Based - (option for remote work) Length: 6-12 months + Rate: £425 (PAYE) Requirements:5+ years' experience in design and development on QlikSense/QlikView.2+ years' experience using ETL Processes through Qlik.Experience using Git.Experience with complicated section access. Randstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.posted 13 january 2021Qliksense Developer role. My clients are looking to get someone started quickly and are recruiting for an experienced Qliksense Developer who is immediately available. Location: London Based - (option for remote work) Length: 6-12 months + Rate: £425 (PAYE) Requirements:5+ years' experience in design and development on QlikSense/QlikView.2+ years' experience using ETL Processes through Qlik.Experience using Git.Experience with complicated section access. Randstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.show job detailsfull stack php developerlondon, londonpermanent£35,000 - £45,000 per yearrandstad technologiesPHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 13 january 2021PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailscto (hands on) - ai fintech start-uplondon, londonpermanent£81,000 - £110,000 per yearrandstad technologiesMy client, an AI Fintech start-up is currently in the market for hands on CTO to join them in the next stages of their growth.They are looking for a CTO, who will be a hands-on leader of the engineering and data science teams and oversee the general development of the product.The role will be extremely versatile day to day - from guiding the engineering team to help on-board new customers, to supporting with DevOps, to building out new and existing products in line with company strategy. They are a small in-house team, but growth and mentorship of engineers is key in this role. They are looking for someone who is a natural leader and bringing solutions to the table. Requirements:- Strong background in Python / Django / AWS- Principal / Lead / CTO / Engineering Manager experience- Recent experience with a scale-up or start-up going from Seed to Series A / B / C- Good understanding of Front-end programming and principals- Experienced with DevOps principles- Experience deploying scalable web apps and Micro-services- Good communication skills- Strong algorithmic experience- Experience with data structures and complexity- Experience with Machine LearningLeadership:- Ability to lead teams through a rapid growth period- Experience leading and scaling a team of developersThis role is based out of central london and is paying up to 110k for the right candidate with share options. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 21 january 2021My client, an AI Fintech start-up is currently in the market for hands on CTO to join them in the next stages of their growth.They are looking for a CTO, who will be a hands-on leader of the engineering and data science teams and oversee the general development of the product.The role will be extremely versatile day to day - from guiding the engineering team to help on-board new customers, to supporting with DevOps, to building out new and existing products in line with company strategy. They are a small in-house team, but growth and mentorship of engineers is key in this role. They are looking for someone who is a natural leader and bringing solutions to the table. Requirements:- Strong background in Python / Django / AWS- Principal / Lead / CTO / Engineering Manager experience- Recent experience with a scale-up or start-up going from Seed to Series A / B / C- Good understanding of Front-end programming and principals- Experienced with DevOps principles- Experience deploying scalable web apps and Micro-services- Good communication skills- Strong algorithmic experience- Experience with data structures and complexity- Experience with Machine LearningLeadership:- Ability to lead teams through a rapid growth period- Experience leading and scaling a team of developersThis role is based out of central london and is paying up to 110k for the right candidate with share options. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailslet similar jobs come to youWe will keep you updated when we have similar job postings.your email addressselect frequencyselect frequencydailyweeklymonthlysubmitI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.thank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.explore over 3873 jobs with randstad.construction & propertyconstruction (346)fm & maintenance (325)skilled trades & labour (227)"
