"VSP Medical Assistant- FPG of Leesburg | Leesburg, FL | HumanaYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.HumanaVSP Medical Assistant- FPG of LeesburgLeesburg, FLHumanaVSP Medical Assistant- FPG of LeesburgLeesburg, FLDate posted:Sep 15, 2020DescriptionThe Medical Assistant 2 is the first point of contact for patient care. Responsible for administrative duties in addition to patient care. The Medical Assistant 2 performs varied activities and moderately complex administrative/operational/customer support assignments. Performs computations. Typically works on semi-routine assignments.Healthcare isn't just about health anymore. It's about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It's about living life fully. At Family Physicians Group (FPG), we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. At FPG, we're seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our patients, and the healthcare industry as a whole.As a senior-focused healthcare provider, and subsidiary of one the nation's leading integrated health companies, Humana, we put the needs of seniors at the forefront of everything we do. Our multidisciplinary team goes above and beyond to make our centers a leading health and wellness destination for communities in key Medicare markets. Partners in Primary Care and FPG's national primary care centers serve more than 30,000 Medicare Advantage patients in markets including Kansas City, North Carolina, South Carolina, Orlando and Houston.This role can be anywhere from 20 to 40 hours per week. Monday - Friday 8a-5pResponsibilitiesWe need you! Do you have a strong desire to help serve our senior population as we adjust to the current health care environment in our community?Family Physicians Group is a senior-focused primary care clinic organization with 20+ local clinics across the Orlando region. Our culture is focused on team work and providing a positive and welcoming environment for all. Due to the fast-moving COVID-19 pandemic, we anticipate a need to hire temporary, variable staffing in the medical assistant role for our clinics. The position basic needs are as follows:Excellent patient communication skills, to include having clear communication skills and a friendly and calm demeanor.Strong computer skills to include the ability to understand basic functions in an Electronic Medical System (our current system is E-Clinical works).Ability to prioritize clinic needs & tasks in a time-sensitive environment.The highest level of integrity and commitment to our community's health.The Medical Assistant performs clinical duties such as discussing symptoms and gathering and inputting information into the electronic medical records system, taking vital signs, giving injections, performing diagnostic tests, collecting specimens, drawing blood, sterilizing and cleaning equipment, and maintaining examination rooms at an outpatient care site. Collaborates closely with Physicians and Nurses. Delivers direct patient care dependent on what active certification allows. Decisions are typically focused on interpretation of area/department policy and methods for completing assignments. Works within defined parameters to identify work expectations and quality standards, but has some latitude over prioritization/timing, and works under minimal direction. Follows standard policies/practices that allow for some opportunity for interpretation/deviation and/or independent discretion.Required QualificationsHigh School Diploma1 - 3 years of Medical Assistant experience in 'back-office' direct patient careActive Medical Assistant Certificate as a Certified Medical Assistant/CMA or as a Registered Medical Assistant/RMA (Please note if you are currently not certified, we will require completion of Humana approved certification program within one year from hire date)Current CPR certificationless than 2 years of leadership experienceThis role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana/Senior Bridge's Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB.Must be a team player with excellent communication skillsExperience in a fast pace/high volume environmentExperience with MS OutlookBasic Computer knowledgeMust be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiencesThis role requires clearance with the Agency for Health Care Administration, or A H C A. If selected for this role you will be required to complete a 2nd level background investigation, through a registration and fingerprinting process.Preferred QualificationsBilingualHands-on professional Phlebotomy experienceExperience with Electronic Medical RecordsExperience with HEDISActive Medical Assistant Certification or Registration from the following: American Association of Medical Assistant (AAMA), National Healthcareer Association, American Registry of Medical Assistants, National Association for Health Professionals, and/or American Medical TechnologistRad tech license ( AART)Additional Information•Interview Format:As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we may use an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information for you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule.If you are selected for a first-round interview, you may receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice/Text interview. In this interview, you will listen/read a set of interview questions over your phone or computer and you will provide recorded/typed responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 minutes. Your recorded/text interview will be reviewed, and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews.•Alert:Humana values personal identity protection. Please be aware that applicants selected for leader review may be asked to provide a social security number, if it is not already on file. When required, an email will be sent from Humana@myworkday.com with instructions to add the information into the application at Humana's secure website.Scheduled Weekly Hours1Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
