"American Assembly for Men in Nursing (AAMN), AAMN Career Center|Find Your Career HereToggle navigationJob SeekersEmployersGuest Job SeekerSign InHomeJobsInternshipsYour ProfileResourcesJob SeekerEmployerHelp/FAQsHomeJobsInternshipsYour ProfileResourcesSIGN INJob Seekers Sign InNew Job Seeker? Sign UpOverviewSaved JobsJob AlertsProfileDocumentsApplicationsLoading...Job Seekers, Welcome to AAMN Career CenterPrivacy PolicyDec 2, 2019This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://jobboard.aamn.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this sub-domain. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the sub-domain, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.The information collected is controlled by American Assembly for Men in Nursing. Our data processor Naylor, Inc., located in the United States provides the software for and hosts this sub-domain on our behalf.Information Collection, Use, and SharingAmerican Assembly for Men in Nursing is the sole owner of the information collected on this sub-domain. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.We share information that we collect on the website with:Employers. We will share your information with potential employers when you submit your applications to a job postings.Service Providers. We disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou can do the following at any time from within your profile dashboard or by contacting us at 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 2783 (Extension Required) or send an e-mail to customerservice+766821@support.boxwoodtech.com:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.If you are a resident of the European Union or California resident, please see the Information for EU Individuals section below for additional information on accessing your information and other legal rights available to you under European Union law.RegistrationIn order to fully use this sub-domain, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our sub-domain in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide additional information (such as your work history, educational experience, a resume/CV) about yourself, but it is not required.Job Seeker ConfidentialityYour information is not accessible to outside parties, and only you can release your confidential information to others. As employers cannot view your information without your permission, initiating the job application process indicates voluntary and intentional release of your confidential information to the company you are applying to.CookiesWe use \"cookies\" on this sub-domain. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a sub-domain visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our sub-domain and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in more than once, thereby saving time while on our sub-domain. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our sub-domain (for example, advertisers). These third-party cookies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the sub-domain, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.LinksThis sub-domain contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sub-domain and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.SurveysFrom time-to-time our sub-domain may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include demographic information (such as zip code, state). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this sub-domain.Third-Party Ad NetworksWe use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you.Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (\"DAA\") Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (\"NAI\") Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members.Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies' delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt-out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA's website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI's website at www.networkadvertising.org.Online Behavioral Advertising and How You Can Opt-OutWe may work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize cookies and web beacons, and data collected on our services, to customize advertisements to you on our services, as well as on other websites or mobile applications in their networks beyond our services. Among other things, these customized advertisements may advertise our products and services and third party products and services on websites or mobile applications not affiliated with us. Some of these ads are online behavioral advertising - which serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information. Such ads may contain cookies that allow monitoring of websites and mobile applications (including our own services) and your response to such advertisements. Cookies or web beacons placed by these companies do not collect personal information, and the third-party advertising companies do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal information; they may however, anonymously track your usage across our services and other websites or mobile applications in their networks. We limit companies that place our ads from using information for any purpose other than to assist us in our advertising efforts.For more information about these third-party advertising companies' privacy policies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative's website at http://www.networkadvertising.org. If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of network advertising programs that use your information. To do so, please visit: the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the sub-domain, your information is protected both online and offline. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Information for EU Individuals and California ResidentsThe legal basis for using your personal information. We collect, use, and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in accordance with your consent (for example, when you agree to disclose your information to a potential employer).Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order make improvements to our sub-domain and to provide you with information you request); you have a right to object to processing as explained in the section below titled Your legal rights;Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your payment information when you purchase services as an employer using the sub-domain); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Your Legal Rights. Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, European Union individuals have certain rights in relation to your personal information:Right to access, correct, and delete your personal information: You have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and:(a) the source of your personal information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the data controller`s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your personal information may be transferred.You also have the right to request that we delete your information.We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or deference of legal claims.Right to restrict the processing of your personal information: You have the right to restrict the use of your personal information when (i) you contest the accuracy of the data; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the data; (iii) we no longer need the personal information for the relevant purposes, but we require it for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests verification as to whether we have a compelling interest to continue to use your data. We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where:we have your consent; orto establish, exercise or defend legal claims; orto protect the rights of another natural or legal person.Right to data portability: To the extent that we process your information (i) based on your consent or under a contract; and (ii) through automated means, you have the right to receive such personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller.Right to object to the processing of your personal information: You can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.Right to obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction: You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA or California.Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority: You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal information.We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.How to Exercise Your Rights: If you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please send us a request via email at GDPRrequest@naylor.com . In your message, please indicate the domain for which you are inquiring about, the right you would like to exercise and the information that you would like to access, review, correct, or delete.We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Cross-border Transfer of Information. We generally maintain servers and systems in the United States hosted by third party service providers. We also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, other third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. As a result, where the personal information that we collect through or in connection with the sub-domain is transferred to and processed in the United States or anywhere else outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes described above, we will take steps to ensure that the information receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EEA, including entering into data transfer agreements, using the EU Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield. You have a right to details of the mechanisms under which your data is transferred outside the EEA.Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 2783 (Extension Required) or send an e-mail to customerservice+766821@support.boxwoodtech.com.ErrorCloseContinueYou do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please enable it in order to use the full functionality of our website.HelpTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy© Copyright 2021 American Assembly for Men in Nursing."
