"Charlotte Maxeke Johannesburg Academic Hospital: Administration Officer – South African JobsSkip to contentMenuLatest JobsHomegovCharlotte Maxeke Johannesburg Academic Hospital: Administration OfficerOctober 26, 2020Charlotte Maxeke Johannesburg Academic Hospital: Administration OfficerADMINISTRATION OFFICER (LOGISTICS) REF NO: AOL/CMJAH/2020Directorate: Logistic Department SALARY : R257 508 per annum (plus benefits)CENTRE : Charlotte Maxeke Johannesburg Academic HospitalREQUIREMENTS : Qualifications: Grade 10 or equivalent with more than 10 year’s relevant experience or Grade 12 or equivalent qualification with 3 to 5 years’ relevant experience or a relevant 3 year National Diploma or Degree from a SAQA recognized tertiary institution with a maximum of 2 years’ relevant experience. Valid Driver’s License. Knowledge: Sound knowledge of Office Administration Management with emphasis. In-depth knowledge of Legislative Prescripts such as BCEA, OHS PFMA. , Batho Pele Principles and Ministerial priorities.Customer relations Computer Literacy – Ms. Office (Word, Excel, Outlook & PowerPoint, a range of work procedures such as Finance, HR matters, Safety, Labour matters. Administration procedures relating to specific working environment including norms and standards. Reporting procedures, procurement directives and procedures. Skills: Customer relations skills, Planning and organising, Sound analytical thinking, good interpersonal relation, problem solving and decision-making. Mathematics, relationship and maintaining discipline. Formulation and editing, conflict resolution, research and Competencies Required. Good verbal communication and report writing skills. Be willing to rotate and work shift the following will be an added advantage: experience in logistic departments. Ability to implement policies including Code of conduct. DUTIES Provide support services to logistic Units. Supervise staff including management of leave, staff attendance. Monitor staff performance and development. Identify and solve problem affecting service delivery. Ensure compliance to occupational Health and Safety. Communicate with Stake holders compile and submit reports. Ensure compliance to quality standards. Compile RLS01and RLS02.Ensure procurement of goods and services. Apply Disciplinary procedure. Maintain and keep record of the Units.ENQUIRIES : Mr. E. Sithole Tel No: (011) 488 4116APPLICATIONS: Applications should be submitted on a (PDF Format only) to the following email-address [email protected] Only online application will be considered. Please Use The Reference As The Subject.NOTE : Applications must be submitted on a Z83 form with a C.V, Certified copies (not older than 6 months) of I.D and Qualifications to be attached. Suitable candidate will be subjected to personnel suitability checks (criminal record check, citizenship verification, qualification/study verification and previous employment verification) Suitable candidates will also be subjected to security clearance processes. Suitable candidates will undergo a medical screening test. The Department of Health reserves the right to fill or not to fill the position.Due to high volumes of anticipated applications, communication will be limited to the shortlisted candidates only. Should you not hear from us within 3 months after the closing date, please consider your application unsuccessful. The Department of Health is committed to the achievement and Maintenance of diversity and equity employment, especially of race, gender and disability. Coloured Males and Female, Indian Males and Females, White Males and Female are encouraged to apply.CLOSING DATE : 30 October 2020The post ADMINISTRATION OFFICER (LOGISTICS) Qualifications: Grade 10 or equivalent appeared first on LEGIT POST.RelatedRelated PostsSydsen: Motorcycle TechnicianICASA: Jobs / Vacancies (Sep 2020) – Market AnalystReckitt Benckiser: Shift Artisan – MechanicalAbout The AuthorGoverRecent PostsFire Fighter x 10 – Community Services Department – Public Safety – 3 Year ContractCLEANERS & GENERAL WORKERS(X30) WantedSEDISA Black Women Education Trust: Bursaries 2021RAM Couriers: Professional Driving Learnerships 2021Marula Platinum: Engineering Learnerships 2021© 2021 South African Jobs	| WordPress Theme by SuperbThemes.comBack to Top ↑"
