"6 Ways Successful Women Bounce Back After Endless Job Rejections | FairygodbossHomeJobsReviewsNetworkResourcesSign In|For EmployersaboutcareersFAQsprivacy policyterms & conditionsfor employers112k20k© 2021 Fairygodboss. All rights reserved.My ProfileMy MessagesMy NetworkMy SettingsGroupsEventsMy PostsLog OutMystery WomanTell us more for better jobs, adviceand connectionsDon’t miss out on new opportunities.Update your profileYOUR TOPICSYour feed isn’t personalized yet. Follow topics like career advice, lifestyle or health.YOUR GROUPSDiscover and join groups with like-minded women who share your interests, profession, and lifestyle.COMPANIES YOU FOLLOWGet alerted when there are new employee reviews.YOUR JOB ALERTSGet notified when new jobs are posted.aboutcareersFAQsprivacy policyterms & conditions112k20k© 2021 Fairygodboss. All rights reserved.Rise Above6 Ways Successful Women Bounce Back After Endless Job RejectionsAdobe StockAnna Medina10inCareer129 CommentsApplying for and getting a rejection can be very disheartening and hard to handle. It’s even more difficult to take when you’ve gotten dozens of job rejections. You believe you’re highly qualified, you’ve done exceptionally well in an interview and you’re optimistic about getting the job. But for some reason you just never get a yes, and it feels harder and harder to keep pushing through.You’re not alone. And the beautiful part is that those stories of rejection often have a silver lining at the end. To help you navigate through rejection, here are tips to help you cope and bounce back — and some famous rejections examples that might inspire you.1. It isn’t happening to just you.First, you can take a bit of comfort knowing you’re not in this alone. Several women have suffered different forms of job rejections. Even some celebrities we see as successful today have had their fair share of job rejections in the past. You’re in good company! For example, Oprah Winfrey, who now has a net worth of $2.7 billion, got fired from her first TV job.It’s okay to ask for help from other women who have experienced multiple job rejections. Such conversions can make you feel better and guide you on how to navigate the future.2. Don’t take it personally.When a job rejection letter comes in, don’t take it as a statement about you personally. In the present cut-throat job market, employers make tough decisions based on the candidate they believe is best suited for the role — not the one they like the most. While your personality matters, your experience is what will move you forward in the application process.3. Don’t give up.Sometimes rejection makes you lose interest in not just your professional life, but also your personal life. It’s okay to acknowledge pain and dejection after a job rejection, but don’t let it linger for too long. Your body and mind need to harmonize to have a successful life, so once you’ve felt your pain, don’t let rejection weigh you down. Successful fashion designer Vera Wang got passed over for Vogue’s editor-in-chief position, but she did not let that deter her. She went on to create one of the most successful bridal gowns and designer ready-to-wear lines.4. Consider your approach.Successful women who have suffered job rejections know when it’s time to do some self-analysis. You can begin by reaching out to the hiring manager to ask for constructive feedback. Then, start to reflect. Are you applying for jobs within your core competencies? Does your frustration and tone show in subsequent job applications and interviews?You may want to make use of a professional writing review service to give your job application a more professional tone. You might want to try closing your knowledge gaps by taking courses or getting certifications. Whatever you do, remember to keep working on yourself and focusing on your strengths.5. Dare to be bold and don’t take no for an answer.Sometimes it pays to be bold and not accept rejection. A perfect example is real estate mogul and investor Barbara Corcoran who tried to be a judge on ”Shark Tank.” She got the job and then lost it to another female entrepreneur. Corcoran did not accept rejection; she got the job back by writing to the production team and telling them how they’d lose out if she wasn’t hired. Show others that you’re an asset and that rejecting your job application will be their loss.6. Keep on searching for the right opportunity.You might be familiar with the J.K. Rowling’s rejection story while trying to get her Harry Potter book series published. The series was rejected 12 times before Bloomsbury picked it up to publish. Years later, she also got multiple rejections while looking for a publisher for her Cormoran Strike detective series. After dozens of rejections, she kept the momentum going till she found the right opportunity.Getting a job rejection over and over is never easy to deal with. However, remember that the challenge is not unique to you. Others have experienced the same rejections and have drawn from their strengths to rise to success. Using their rejection stories as fuel and inspiration can help you learn more about your inner strengths — and land a position that’ll lead to long-term success and a healthy work-life balance.--Anna is a specialist in different types of writing. A recent graduate from the Interpreters Department, she now improves her language skills while working at writing service review websites Pick The Writer and Writing Judge to assist students all over the world. You can find her on Twitter, Facebook, and Medium.129 Comments9 CommentsPriyanka Pakki17501/13/21 at 1:32PM UTCThank you for sharing. As crazy as it may sound, I am surrounded by high achievers because of which I start to question my abilities, efforts, etc. I need to meet more normal people and we as people should also start discussing stories of failure, normal life, etc. Most of the times all that I see and read are stories of success which is a good thing.. But sometimes (or more often in my case), people want to read normal stories and relate to them.4ReplyAnonymous01/13/21 at 2:30PM UTCI started a business and I've never been happier or more productive. The interviews I was on went very well, ostensibly, but were demoralizing for many reasons. The lack of preparation and thought about considering candidates at the executive level was astonishing.3ReplyTasliym Twinamaani13Experience in JavaScript, HTML/CSS, ReactJS01/13/21 at 2:33PM UTCThank you for sharing. This article came just on the heels of a recent job rejection from Peloton, a company I was really excited to join. It was a crushing blow but this article has given me a little perspective. I'm looking forward to obtaining some software engineering certifications that will help me stand out more in the future. Thanks again!2Replymary53Seasoned remote corporate recruiter01/13/21 at 2:42PM UTCI am a veteran remote recruiter out of work since July 2020, this might sound crazy but I expect more rejection than I do landing interviews. I think many will agree that the hiring process is broken, the human has been taken out of the hiring process and algorithms and technology has replaced the personal contact with an individual, that in my opinion for over 30 years as a recruiter has been the key to success for hiring. however I understand technology may be key, but when you apply for a job and you’re selected via email with a request to test and video yourself before you speak to someone is insulting! i’m not a circus performer and when I feel I need to do that maybe I will maybe I won’t, in the meantime it helps me to anticipate rejection and I believe that I’ll be led to my next gig. there’s an old sales theory that you need six no's to get a yes, so I keep trying and if anyone wants to work what alternatives do you have but to keep applying, good luck to all you jobseekers. If anyone knows of a company looking for a good seasoned recruiter that practices candidate care and sensitivity in the proce, please refer me and thank you in advance4ReplyRachel Ramsey12UX | UI Designer & Graphic Designer in Kentucky01/14/21 at 9:52AM UTCThese past few years I’ve been on over 20+ interviews in 5 different states. Not once did I receive a job offer. I’ve lived with my family now since 2015 and I’ve taken the rejection pretty hard. I did everything professionally that you’re supposed to do. I rewrote my cover letter to include key words for the positions, I practiced, I showed up early and I brought my portfolio with me. It was at this moment that I realized that I could continue doing interviews for years and the work I would be showcasing would become stale over time because it was old work. I was being forced out of the workforce. I decided to leave the Graphic Design industry to work on myself and find a new path for myself. After getting 2 college degrees in Graphic Design my thousand hours wasn’t paying off. I began earning remote certificates in programming and decided to start programming something of my own and code an updated portfolio website of my work. I have earned 6 digital programming certificates and I am working on remotely earning 4 more. There were a few package design items that I updated as well. Currently I am writing and laying out a 700+ page digital global inspired book and interested in applying for jobs again but things have definitely been up and down these past few years so I’m not relying 100% on any one employer until that employer can change my mind. This was a great read!11 ReplyAnonymous01/16/21 at 12:55AM UTCThis is literally the story of my life!!!! Except the last part. I need to work on creating other opportunities for myself the way you have.ReplyPatti Hughes14SOX Compliance, IT Auditing, Project Management01/15/21 at 1:31PM UTCIt is a very tough job market - I agree with Mary (seasoned remote recruiter) if only we can put the human back into recruiting. I am a SOX Compliance/IT Auditor with over 15 years experience. I was laid off (due to COVID) in October. Although many reading this may think - only since October??? relax girl! - I agree to a point. The automated 'reject' letters come fast and furious. A \"human\" has not looked, read or called me. It is frustrating, but I continue to apply and hope to land the right job soon. Its good to know others face the same as I do. Many of my friends give me the old \"chin up\" or \"it'll come soon\" encouragement - but it is so maddening while I am in it. Looking forward to the day I can reflect and say \"yes, it all worked out as it should\". Good luck all - If you read this and may know someone in New Jersey seeking my skills, let me know. I am also on LinkedIn, feel free to connect there as well.1ReplyMichaela Clint26New to Baltimore/DC01/15/21 at 2:04PM UTCThis article was helpful to read as I have been out of work since April 2020 and its become disheartening because its an up and down roller coaster. I am fortunate to know what my passion is but the industry I am in and want to stay in (CPG) hasn't opened any doors for me. I recently was in final round of interviews with Nestle and felt very confident that my skills were a good match and got along well with the team, but the recruiter personally messaged me (I really appreciated that human side) and said they were impressed with me but thought a was a better fit for different team. It was still a blow as I keep getting \"We are impressed...but\" and its hard to keep going and not take things personally :( but I am currently enrolled to get my PMP and hoping that will open more doors for me though it is more my plan B...good luck to everyone! It's TOUGH out there!User edited comment on 01/15/21 at 2:05PM UTC1ReplyMyla Wimbley1301/15/21 at 3:59PM UTCI truly understand how disheartening it is to receive automated rejection letters after submitting applications. As a Healthcare Recruiter, I can offer some insight that should help with the feelings of rejection. Not only are we dealing with problematic algorithms but for most positions there’s most likely too many applicants to review. There are a couple of reasons you could be declined to move forward in the process. For example; a position that’s been posted for 2 weeks or more may have more than enough applicants to begin the screening process so once the first candidates that applied have been reviewed, we must reject (I hate using that word but it’s literally the description in most ATS systems) the remaining applicants due to the HR laws that require applications be reviewed within a certain time frame based on the date of the application. So we can’t just leave the application in limbo status. After a few days it must be moved in one direction or another and each step has time limits so the best thing to do is reject it at that point. Most recruiters (in my 11 years as a recruiter I have seen) have too many openings to fill at one time so also add that to the situation. Another reason for immediate rejections; some hiring managers already know who they want to hire (due to networking, nepotism, internal hires etc). We are required to post some positions due to various state laws and guidelines so you could be receiving a rejection letter because there was never a plan to interview for that position at all. Although there are more reasons I’ll stop with this; sometimes jobs are posted to backfill a position but hiring managers do things like, refuse to interview candidates, decide to hold off on backfilling a position for a certain time etc. There could be multiple reasons for receiving back to back rejection letters so don’t let it discourage you. Nine times out of ten, no one has even looked at your resume/application before it was rejected. This is not for those seeking upper management or executive positions that’s a whole different set of problems in regards to the non-human element of recruiting we are in lol.2ReplyCheck to share anonymouslyLooking for a new job?Our employer partners are actively recruiting women! Update your profile today.The Fairygodboss FeedWe're a community of women sharing advice and asking questions|Ask anything (even anonymously)…Post anonymouslyPostPersonalize your jobsGet recommendations for recent and relevant jobs.Employer ReviewsMercy Medical CenterNo ratings yetGreat to work here! Lots of women in leadership positions.Open Society Foundations2.5Keep a record of important conversations, up to and...Mcgraw-Hill3.3I have been here much longer than I expected thanks to...Aerotek, Inc.2.8Be prepared to be overworked and talked down on. depending...Luxoft4.7Tough company culture; especially for those from the North...Recent ContentFrom Intern to Assistant Vice President — Why Mentoring Mattershttps://fairygodboss.com/...How I Built a Team From Scratch at a Software Companyhttps://fairygodboss.com/...I’ve Changed Careers Twice — These 4 Things Helped Me Succeedhttps://fairygodboss.com/..."
