"Job Details: Assistant/Associate/Professor- Pediatrics (Nephrology)LoginCivil Service PositionsHelpFIND JOBSAll JobsChicago CampusDSCCJohn Marshall Law SchoolPeoriaRockfordUI HealthUI Health NursingSearch JobsJob DetailsTitle:Assistant/Associate/Professor- Pediatrics (Nephrology) (Job ID #121344)Department:Univ. of Illinois College of Medicine PeoriaCategory:FacultyLocation:PeoriaClose Date:11/13/2020Description:SEARCH EXTENDEDThe Department of Pediatrics at the University of Illinois, College of Medicine at Peoria (UICOMP), is seeking Assistant/Associate/Professor for multiple positions to assist the department teach and train medical students, residents and fellows in Pediatrics and Pediatric Nephrology. Other duties include assisting the department provide clinical patient care in the hospital and outpatient clinics, participate in clinical research, and perform administrative duties and University service as assigned. Requirements are an MD degree or its foreign equivalent, eligible for an Illinois medical license, and Board certification or eligibility for certification in Pediatrics and Pediatric Nephrology. Some travel may be required between healthcare facilities.The ideal candidate will be joining a group of two additional pediatric nephrologist and one Nurse practitioner in a division that provides full range of inpatient and outpatient pediatric nephrology services including all standard forms of dialysis therapy and plasma exchange. Specialty clinics include Hypertension clinic with ability to provide ABPM and Bone/metabolic disorder clinic in collaboration with Pediatric Endocrinology. You will do Collaborative work with our transplant surgeons in caring for kidney transplant recipients, including 2-4 new transplant every year. Inpatient call schedule will be 1: 3 rotation.The primary teaching hospital of the UICOMP is the OSF Healthcare Children’s Hospital of Illinois (CHOI), a tertiary care facility serving a 37 county region with a population base of over two million. CHOI provides comprehensive services to children, including Level IV NICU and a state-designated Pediatric Critical Care Center. CHOI is a major medical facility with 124 beds and a 32 bed critical care unit and the only Level 1 trauma center in Illinois outside of Chicago. The Jump Trading Simulation Education Center, a state of the art simulation facility with over 40,000 square feet of space for faculty and other resources, is a joint venture between UICOMP and CHOI and is located on the OSF campus.Malpractice insurance is provided by the University of Illinois system and an excellent benefits package is available including vacations, sick time, CME, health and life insurance and retirement plan. The University of Illinois may conduct background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act. UIC is an EOE/AA/M/F/Disabled/Veteran.For fullest consideration, apply by September 20, 2019 at:https://jobs.uic.edu/job-board/job-details?jobID=121344.Duties:ResponsibilitiesProvide diagnostic and treatment services to children with conditions affecting the kidney or urinary tract, bladder problems, or high blood pressure. Coordinate the efforts of related professionals to assure continuous availability of services. Monitor and take steps to enhance the quality of nephrology services delivered at UICOMP Department of Pediatrics and at UICOMP’s main clinical partner, Children’s Hospital of Illinois.Develop and work on educational programs and activities for medical students and residents in relation to pediatric nephrology.Maintain a spirit of inquiry and scholarship in the activities of the Nephrology Service.Perform administrative duties and University service as assigned.Some travel may be required between healthcare facilities.Qualifications:Required QualificationsMD degree or foreign equivalentEligible for Illinois Physician LicenseBoard certified or board eligible in Pediatrics and Pediatric NephrologyBack to Job BoardThe University of Illinois at Chicago is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.Offers of employment by the University of Illinois may be subject to approval by the University’s Board of Trustees and are made contingent upon the candidate’s successful completion of any criminal background checks and other pre-employment assessments that may be required for the position being offered. Additional information regarding such pre-employment checks and assessments may be provided as applicable during the hiring process.The University of Illinois System requires candidates selected for hire to disclose any documented finding of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment and to authorize inquiries to current and former employers regarding findings of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment. For more information, visit https://www.hr.uillinois.edu/cms/One.aspx?portalId=4292&pageId=1411899SupportEmployment Notices - view Federal and State notices related to employment at the University of Illinois.Notice of Availability of the UIC Annual Security and Fire Safety ReportCopyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement"
