"Jobs | Vegan Job Board - Jobs For VegansJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsSign inSign upJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs20 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchResearch General Labor Media-Journalism Writer/ Editor Non-Profit Management Strategy-PlanningRefine by CategoriesRemote Job (6) Biotech (4) Environmental (4) Marketing (3) Other (3) Engineering (2)Executive (2) Finance (2) Health Care (2) Veterinary Services (2) Administrative Assistant (2) Business Development (1) Customer Service (1) Design (1) Education (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (18) Remote Work (2)Email me jobs like thisEconomistMercy For Animals Remote (United States)Mercy For Animals aims to construct a compassionate food system by reducing suffering and ending the exploitation of animals for food. We envision a world where animals are respected, protected, and free to pursue their own interests. As a leading farmed animal advocacy organization, we know that achieving this goal requires a diverse, inclusive, and collaborative work environment—one that welcomes and sparks new perspectives and innovative ideas. If you are passionate about our mission, driven to make a big impact for animals, and eager to be part of a dedicated team, join us to help spread compassion around the globe. We are currently seeking an economist to join our research team. In this role, you will do invaluable work : Conduct detailed research using insights from agricultural, behavioral, and experimental economics and econometric modeling to answer a variety of questions related to animal and plant farming; consumption of...Jan 25, 2021Remote WorkMercy For Animals aims to construct a compassionate food system by reducing suffering and ending the exploitation of animals for food. We envision a world where animals are respected, protected, and free to pursue their own interests. As a leading farmed animal advocacy organization, we know that achieving this goal requires a diverse, inclusive, and collaborative work environment—one that welcomes and sparks new perspectives and innovative ideas. If you are passionate about our mission, driven to make a big impact for animals, and eager to be part of a dedicated team, join us to help spread compassion around the globe. We are currently seeking an economist to join our research team. In this role, you will do invaluable work : Conduct detailed research using insights from agricultural, behavioral, and experimental economics and econometric modeling to answer a variety of questions related to animal and plant farming; consumption of...Community Education SpecialistThe Open Sanctuary Project RemoteThe Open Sanctuary Project, Inc. is seeking a full time animal sanctuary Community Education Specialist. The Community Education Specialist will assist The Open Sanctuary Project in its mission to provide practical, actionable resources for animal sanctuaries, with a special emphasis on farmed animal sanctuaries, primarily focused on proven, effective methods to educate the public who visits and supports their organizations. Background Animal sanctuaries often categorize their nonprofit missions into two major categories: The intake and subsequent lifelong care of individual animals in dire need, and educational outreach to members of the public to help spare additional animals from systems of exploitation and harm, envisioning a world free from harm to animals of all kinds. Both of these mission goals are highly challenging endeavors in practice, requiring a substantial amount of knowledge, training, and specialized skills, with the average individual working...Jan 25, 2021Full timeThe Open Sanctuary Project, Inc. is seeking a full time animal sanctuary Community Education Specialist. The Community Education Specialist will assist The Open Sanctuary Project in its mission to provide practical, actionable resources for animal sanctuaries, with a special emphasis on farmed animal sanctuaries, primarily focused on proven, effective methods to educate the public who visits and supports their organizations. Background Animal sanctuaries often categorize their nonprofit missions into two major categories: The intake and subsequent lifelong care of individual animals in dire need, and educational outreach to members of the public to help spare additional animals from systems of exploitation and harm, envisioning a world free from harm to animals of all kinds. Both of these mission goals are highly challenging endeavors in practice, requiring a substantial amount of knowledge, training, and specialized skills, with the average individual working...Chief of StaffCounterfactual Ventures London, UKCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) is a venture creation studio, a cofounder team formation program, an incubator and a venture capital fund. We aim to architect high-impact alternative protein startups (16 annually) to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Chief of Staff, you own a top-level view of the entire organization’s ecosystem. With our absurdly ambitious mission and so many moving parts in the process, Logan (the CEO) needs an exceptionally talented pair of hands to help implement strategic vision.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) is a venture creation studio, a cofounder team formation program, an incubator and a venture capital fund. We aim to architect high-impact alternative protein startups (16 annually) to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Chief of Staff, you own a top-level view of the entire organization’s ecosystem. With our absurdly ambitious mission and so many moving parts in the process, Logan (the CEO) needs an exceptionally talented pair of hands to help implement strategic vision.Science and Technology AssociateCounterfactual Ventures London, UKCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Science and Technology Associate you will support the Research, Design and Build (RDB) team in high impact venture creation by working closely with the Head of Science and Technology. The RDB team includes both technical and commercial experts who work together to identify the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Science and Technology Associate you will support the Research, Design and Build (RDB) team in high impact venture creation by working closely with the Head of Science and Technology. The RDB team includes both technical and commercial experts who work together to identify the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry.Head of Science & TechnologyCounterfactual VenturesCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Head of Science & Technology at CFV you will lead all things technical in our venture creation studio and incubator. Alongside the Head of Venture Creation, you will lead a team in identifying the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal technical founders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into an incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Head of Science & Technology at CFV you will lead all things technical in our venture creation studio and incubator. Alongside the Head of Venture Creation, you will lead a team in identifying the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal technical founders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into an incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Head of Venture CreationCounterfactual VenturesCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Head of Venture Creation at CFV you will be in position to steer the alternative protein industry through researching, designing and building the foundations of industry-enabling startups. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal cofounders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into our incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Head of Venture Creation at CFV you will be in position to steer the alternative protein industry through researching, designing and building the foundations of industry-enabling startups. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal cofounders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into our incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Field Observer (Spanish Speaking)PETA Remote (location varies)Position Objective: To use a variety of undercover investigative methods to conduct field investigations in PETA's focus areas, including the use of animals for food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment Location: Varies based on assignment Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Travel to different states and temporarily stay on location for various assignments for as long as necessary, sometimes several months at a time • Conduct assigned short- and long-term field observations from beginning to end, including the following duties: o Prepare for and research assignments, as directed by the vice president o Visit and/or obtain employment in various industries that use animals o Submit daily log notes in a detailed and orderly fashion o Use photography and videography to document conditions and use of animals as well as illegal, cruel, and/or improper conduct o Behave legally and professionally and bring...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To use a variety of undercover investigative methods to conduct field investigations in PETA's focus areas, including the use of animals for food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment Location: Varies based on assignment Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Travel to different states and temporarily stay on location for various assignments for as long as necessary, sometimes several months at a time • Conduct assigned short- and long-term field observations from beginning to end, including the following duties: o Prepare for and research assignments, as directed by the vice president o Visit and/or obtain employment in various industries that use animals o Submit daily log notes in a detailed and orderly fashion o Use photography and videography to document conditions and use of animals as well as illegal, cruel, and/or improper conduct o Behave legally and professionally and bring...PETA's Investigations Department Needs YouPETA Remote (location varies)Companies that exploit animals don't want consumers to see what they're doing or how they're doing it, so PETA sends people to work in their facilities and observe their treatment of animals. In just the past 10 years, PETA's investigations have resulted in the following: Millions of eyes opened More than 1,000 criminal charges More than 350 U.S. Department of Agriculture citations 15 facilities shut down Position Objective: To use a variety of undercover investigative methods to conduct field investigations in PETA's focus areas, including the use of animals for food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment Location: Varies based on assignment Primary Responsibilities and Duties: o Travel to different states and temporarily stay on location for various assignments for as long as necessary, sometimes several months at a time o Conduct assigned short- and long-term field observations from beginning to end, including the following duties: o Prepare...Jan 11, 2021Full timeCompanies that exploit animals don't want consumers to see what they're doing or how they're doing it, so PETA sends people to work in their facilities and observe their treatment of animals. In just the past 10 years, PETA's investigations have resulted in the following: Millions of eyes opened More than 1,000 criminal charges More than 350 U.S. Department of Agriculture citations 15 facilities shut down Position Objective: To use a variety of undercover investigative methods to conduct field investigations in PETA's focus areas, including the use of animals for food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment Location: Varies based on assignment Primary Responsibilities and Duties: o Travel to different states and temporarily stay on location for various assignments for as long as necessary, sometimes several months at a time o Conduct assigned short- and long-term field observations from beginning to end, including the following duties: o Prepare...Licensed Veterinary TechnicianPETA Norfolk, VA, USAPosition Objectives: To provide high-quality care for patients of high-volume mobile spay and neuter veterinary clinic Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Perform tests and assess and communicate patients' test results and medical histories to the attending veterinarian • Work under the direction of the veterinarian to prepare animals for surgery and administer medications, including anesthesia drugs • Monitor surgery patients from the administration of anesthesia through their full recovery and independently assess patients' readiness for discharge • Maintain controlled-drug and supply inventories and conduct appropriate recordkeeping and reporting • Comply with the applicable laws for licensed veterinary technicians established by the Virginia Board of Veterinary Medicine and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration • Communicate with clients regarding post-operative patient care as well as the results of diagnostic testing and other medical findings...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To provide high-quality care for patients of high-volume mobile spay and neuter veterinary clinic Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Perform tests and assess and communicate patients' test results and medical histories to the attending veterinarian • Work under the direction of the veterinarian to prepare animals for surgery and administer medications, including anesthesia drugs • Monitor surgery patients from the administration of anesthesia through their full recovery and independently assess patients' readiness for discharge • Maintain controlled-drug and supply inventories and conduct appropriate recordkeeping and reporting • Comply with the applicable laws for licensed veterinary technicians established by the Virginia Board of Veterinary Medicine and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration • Communicate with clients regarding post-operative patient care as well as the results of diagnostic testing and other medical findings...Medical Office AssociateThe Physicians Committee for Responsible MedicineMedical Office Assistant - Seeking customer service professional with two or more years of work experience to perform customer service and administrative tasks in a primary care medical center that integrates plant-based nutrition education into medical care. About the Barnard Medical Center Founded by Neal Barnard, M.D., president of the nonprofit Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine , the Barnard Medical Center is a new model for medical care that integrates plant-based nutrition education and disease prevention into providing top-of-the-line medical care. The Barnard Medical Center takes advantage of years of research conducted by the Physicians Committee research team and other researchers, showing how a new approach to medicine and nutrition could help prevent and reverse serious health problems. About this Career Opportunity We are looking for an enthusiastic Medical Office Associate to join our team. This position will...Jan 11, 2021Full timeMedical Office Assistant - Seeking customer service professional with two or more years of work experience to perform customer service and administrative tasks in a primary care medical center that integrates plant-based nutrition education into medical care. About the Barnard Medical Center Founded by Neal Barnard, M.D., president of the nonprofit Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine , the Barnard Medical Center is a new model for medical care that integrates plant-based nutrition education and disease prevention into providing top-of-the-line medical care. The Barnard Medical Center takes advantage of years of research conducted by the Physicians Committee research team and other researchers, showing how a new approach to medicine and nutrition could help prevent and reverse serious health problems. About this Career Opportunity We are looking for an enthusiastic Medical Office Associate to join our team. This position will...Media Relations OfficerPETA RemotePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Animal CaregiverAnimal Place Grass Valley, CA, USAOrganization Description : Animal Place is an animal rights organization promoting the complete protection of farmed animals and a vegan lifestyle. We operate a 600-acre sanctuary in Grass Valley, CA that serves as a permanent safe haven for farmed animals and an education center. Adjacent to the Grass Valley Sanctuary is our Guest House, which houses visitors and volunteers. We also have a 12-acre rescue and adoption facility in Petaluma, CA, which provides temporary home for adoptable farmed animals, with a special emphasis on chickens from the egg industry. We operate an all-vegan store in Berkeley, CA, and facilitate multiple educational campaigns throughout the United States. Job Title: Animal Caregiver Job Status : Full-Time, Grass Valley Immediate Supervisor: Animal Care Director Job Description: The full-time Animal Caregiver assists in the care of 350+ animals (pigs, chickens, cows, turkeys, sheep, goats, rabbits, donkeys) at the sanctuary under supervision...Jan 11, 2021Full timeOrganization Description : Animal Place is an animal rights organization promoting the complete protection of farmed animals and a vegan lifestyle. We operate a 600-acre sanctuary in Grass Valley, CA that serves as a permanent safe haven for farmed animals and an education center. Adjacent to the Grass Valley Sanctuary is our Guest House, which houses visitors and volunteers. We also have a 12-acre rescue and adoption facility in Petaluma, CA, which provides temporary home for adoptable farmed animals, with a special emphasis on chickens from the egg industry. We operate an all-vegan store in Berkeley, CA, and facilitate multiple educational campaigns throughout the United States. Job Title: Animal Caregiver Job Status : Full-Time, Grass Valley Immediate Supervisor: Animal Care Director Job Description: The full-time Animal Caregiver assists in the care of 350+ animals (pigs, chickens, cows, turkeys, sheep, goats, rabbits, donkeys) at the sanctuary under supervision...Research SpecialistPETA Norfolk, VA, USAAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Jan 11, 2021Full timeAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Campaign Leader - End SpeciesismPETA Norfolk, VA, USAObjective: We’re looking for someone smart to work on PETA’s “End Speciesism” campaign. We're interested in creative minds with solid written and verbal communication skills, who can not only recognize opportunities but act quickly to seize them, and can develop and carry out strategies to promote PETA’s abolitionist ideas to the public. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop and carry out active, strategic plans and projects that will push PETA’s anti-speciesism campaign priorities into the media spotlight and the public consciousness • Responsible for letters, ads, events, demonstrations, and other efforts in which securing media coverage of the issue and social media buzz are important goals • Expected to represent PETA to and in the press • Conduct accurate research and analyses on campaign targets • Develop and maintain a campaign timeline that ensures consistent and constant action to achieve campaign priorities • Keep informed about local and...Jan 11, 2021Full timeObjective: We’re looking for someone smart to work on PETA’s “End Speciesism” campaign. We're interested in creative minds with solid written and verbal communication skills, who can not only recognize opportunities but act quickly to seize them, and can develop and carry out strategies to promote PETA’s abolitionist ideas to the public. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop and carry out active, strategic plans and projects that will push PETA’s anti-speciesism campaign priorities into the media spotlight and the public consciousness • Responsible for letters, ads, events, demonstrations, and other efforts in which securing media coverage of the issue and social media buzz are important goals • Expected to represent PETA to and in the press • Conduct accurate research and analyses on campaign targets • Develop and maintain a campaign timeline that ensures consistent and constant action to achieve campaign priorities • Keep informed about local and...Digital Fundraising AnalystPETA RemotePosition Objectives: To assist the PETA Foundation and supported organizations with online fundraising and lead-generation analysis. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • In consultation with PETA Foundation and its supported organizations and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by them: o Compile and distribute ad results and analysis. Including reporting on donations, leads, and reach. o Analyze the results of ad tests, including creative, landing page, and copy tests. o Set up, monitor, and report on tests in Google Optimize. o Monitor digital ad audience populations and identify segments of supporters for retargeting. o In Tableau, create visual reports, ensure existing reports are functional and up-to-date, and monitor data syncs. o Analyze overall donation behavior, including, but not limited to, identifying areas of opportunity that we may be able to move the needle with digital ads. o Identify,...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To assist the PETA Foundation and supported organizations with online fundraising and lead-generation analysis. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • In consultation with PETA Foundation and its supported organizations and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by them: o Compile and distribute ad results and analysis. Including reporting on donations, leads, and reach. o Analyze the results of ad tests, including creative, landing page, and copy tests. o Set up, monitor, and report on tests in Google Optimize. o Monitor digital ad audience populations and identify segments of supporters for retargeting. o In Tableau, create visual reports, ensure existing reports are functional and up-to-date, and monitor data syncs. o Analyze overall donation behavior, including, but not limited to, identifying areas of opportunity that we may be able to move the needle with digital ads. o Identify,...Spay and Neuter Program Client Services RepresentativePETA Hampton Roads, Virginia, USAPosition Objectives: To provide excellent customer service to our clients, to promote the humane care and treatment of animals, and to provide support to the mobile clinics division manager and clinic staff Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Promote the humane care and treatment of animals • Conduct follow up calls within 24 hours post-surgery • Assist with the day-to-day operations of the mobile clinic program • Perform surgery check-ins and prepare daily reports in accordance with program procedures • Enter medical records into Clinic HQ • Provide support at the clinic, including patient discharge duties • Canvassing of low-income neighborhoods • Transport animals to and from spay and neuter appointments when needed • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor • Assist clinic staff with cleaning and stocking Qualifications: • High school diploma • Previous experience in a customer service focused role • Demonstrated...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To provide excellent customer service to our clients, to promote the humane care and treatment of animals, and to provide support to the mobile clinics division manager and clinic staff Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Promote the humane care and treatment of animals • Conduct follow up calls within 24 hours post-surgery • Assist with the day-to-day operations of the mobile clinic program • Perform surgery check-ins and prepare daily reports in accordance with program procedures • Enter medical records into Clinic HQ • Provide support at the clinic, including patient discharge duties • Canvassing of low-income neighborhoods • Transport animals to and from spay and neuter appointments when needed • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor • Assist clinic staff with cleaning and stocking Qualifications: • High school diploma • Previous experience in a customer service focused role • Demonstrated...Advertising CoordinatorPETA RemotePosition Objective: To obtain free and paid placement of PETA public service announcements (PSAs) and advertisements for billboards, print media, TV, radio, and online media Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop new pitch ideas and revamp pitches in order to increase free or reduced-rate placement of PSAs and ads • Develop and implement strategies for generating PSA and ad placement • Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and PSA directors to negotiate free or reduced-rate placements • Determine the effectiveness of PSA pitches and make recommendations based on these determinations • Ensure proper timing of PSA pitches in order to avoid conflicts with other media calendar items • Develop and maintain all records of PSA and ad placements • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: • Degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Three years of marketing or advertising experience...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To obtain free and paid placement of PETA public service announcements (PSAs) and advertisements for billboards, print media, TV, radio, and online media Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop new pitch ideas and revamp pitches in order to increase free or reduced-rate placement of PSAs and ads • Develop and implement strategies for generating PSA and ad placement • Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and PSA directors to negotiate free or reduced-rate placements • Determine the effectiveness of PSA pitches and make recommendations based on these determinations • Ensure proper timing of PSA pitches in order to avoid conflicts with other media calendar items • Develop and maintain all records of PSA and ad placements • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: • Degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Three years of marketing or advertising experience...Internship with Vegan TV NetworkPlant Based Network Remote (Remote: Worldwide)Overview As we launch PBNet 2.0 we are actively seeking talented volunteers and interns for the following remote positions. Applicants should be passionate about promoting the plant-based lifestyle. Guest Blogger Social Media Intern Marketing Intern Webmaster Intern (WordPress) Content Editor Brand Influencer Video Interviewer Show Host Recipe Submission Video Editor News Reporter Event Organizer PR & Media What you will gain: Professional experience working as part of a team dedicated to promoting the plant-based lifestyle University or college credit for select applicants A staff listing on our website with your photo & bio An author bio on every article with links to your website & social media channels Your content promoted on all of our websites, social media channels, and groupsJan 11, 2021Remote WorkOverview As we launch PBNet 2.0 we are actively seeking talented volunteers and interns for the following remote positions. Applicants should be passionate about promoting the plant-based lifestyle. Guest Blogger Social Media Intern Marketing Intern Webmaster Intern (WordPress) Content Editor Brand Influencer Video Interviewer Show Host Recipe Submission Video Editor News Reporter Event Organizer PR & Media What you will gain: Professional experience working as part of a team dedicated to promoting the plant-based lifestyle University or college credit for select applicants A staff listing on our website with your photo & bio An author bio on every article with links to your website & social media channels Your content promoted on all of our websites, social media channels, and groupsSocial Media CoordinatorAnimal Place 17314 McCourtney Rd, Grass Valley, CA 95949, USAOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...Jan 11, 2021Full timeOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...Research ScientistFaunalytics RemoteFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Jan 06, 2021Full timeFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedIn© 2009-2021 Powered by Vegan Mainstream"
