"Disclaimer - Argentina Jobs - XpatJobsBy using this website you agree to the use of cookies as set out in our privacy policy. If you do not agree, then please leave the site.Accept CookiesFollow @xpatjobsXpat JobsXpat Rentals Xpat Sales Xpat PagesWhatWhereCountryAfghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Belize Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Caribbean Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Congo Costa Rica Cote divoire Croatia Czech Republic D R Congo Denmark Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Kenya Korea Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Malta Mexico Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Other Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Tunisia Turkey Uganda UK Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay USA Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabweprivacy policy & disclaimerBy using Xpat Jobs you abide by our Terms & Conditions1. Termination1.1.We reserve the right to decline, withdraw or terminate access to the Site without notice if you are in material breach of any of the Terms and Conditions.2. Privacy Policy2.1. Unless you indicate otherwise, by ticking the relevant box on the Signup Form, further offers which we believe may be of interest to you may be sent to you by other carefully selected companies. If you do not wish to receive such offers, please un-tick the appropriate box on the Signup form.2.2. We shall only use personal data received from you for the purposes of providing you with the necessary information relating to the Subscription and the Site and for fulfilling our obligations under these Terms and Conditions;2.3. The Site may contain links to other websites it is only for the convenience of the users of the Site and we do not endorse any such links/ sites and we assume no responsibility for the contents of other websites to which the Site has links;2.4 Cookies: When you login to this site we send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results, and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Xpat Jobs also uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers serve and manage ads across the web (i.e., AdWords and AdSense). We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including search provider(s) sites that use advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our search provider(s) advertising services.Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.)3. Intellectual Property3.1. The intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyright, design rights, trademarks and patents) in the content posted on the Site remain our property or the property of the rightful content owner as the case may be. All such rights are reserved. You may not publish, copy, re-transmit, re-distribute, adapt or otherwise reproduce any part of the Site without our prior written permission except solely for your own personal and non-commercial use.4. Disclaimer4.1. The Site and its contents are provided without any representation, term, condition or warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied (and whether implied by law, custom or otherwise) in respect of the Site and/ or its content to the extent permitted by law. We shall not be liable to any person or entity for any loss or damage, which may arise from the use of any content on the Site.4.2. We will make every effort to ensure that the content of the Site is accurate, complete and current, that we do not guarantee or represent that the content available will always be accurate, complete or current or that access to the Site will be uninterrupted;4.3. We shall be released from our obligation under these Terms and Conditions in the event of any causes beyond our responsibility or control, which renders the provision of the Site impossible or impractical.4.4. We exclude to the fullest extent possible under International Law, and save in respect of death or personal injury arising from our negligence, all liability of any claims, losses, demands and damages arising directly or indirectly out of or in any way connected with your use of inability to access the Site.5. General5.1. We reserve the right to supplement, amend and vary the Terms and Conditions on which you are permitted to access the Site from time to time. Any changes will be posted on the Site and it is your responsibility as a customer to review any changes on accessing the Site. Changes will be effective six 6 hours after the posting of any such change;5.2. We reserve the right at any time to suspend, restrict or terminate access to the Site for any reason and at any time;5.3. These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to include all other notices/ policies/ disclaimers and other terms contained in the Site, provided that in the event of a conflict between any such other notices/ polices/ disclaimers and other terms, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail. If any of these Terms and Conditions are held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain enforce and effect;5.4. The Terms and Conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with International law.contact us|about us|webmasters|privacy|disclaimer|data processing policy|advertise your jobs"
