"Options in India: Hottest Job in India- Coach for Indian cricket team!!skip to main | skip to sidebarHomeOptionsIndiaOptions JobsTuesday, June 12, 2007Hottest Job in India- Coach for Indian cricket team!!The headlines in almost all newspapers today in India scream \" Ford rejects India\"Within TWO days of his being offered the job as the Coach of the Indian Cricket team, Mr Graham Ford has had a \"sudden change of heart\"!!I am sure -a lot of fellow recruiters and even hiring managers in corporates -have been at the recieving end of such news..almost on a daily basis!! While we are still finding it difficult to stomach the 'dropouts' we are forever trying to woo new candidates for the roles..with a difference.Can the BCCI learn from any of the corporate/third party recruiters?Surely if one were to see the 'attrition' levels, it has been very \"BPO-ish\"!! People with different shapes and sizes and domain specialisations! We have recently had a New Zealander John Wright, Australian Greg Chappel, and a few part timers ( Ravi Shastri, a bowling coach Venkatesh Prasad, a fielding coach in Robin Singh)Can some of us do a better job in hiring the best man for the post?Ofcourse there are a lot of basic questions!1. do we need a coach at all? After all, if a bunch of 20 best guys can make it to national shortlist, from a country of millions playing and watching cricket, the sheer brilliance and calibre -(totally unnerved by the manipulating politics, regionalism, rumoured corruption, and by just letting performance figures speak for themselves!) -they should be able to stay motivated and perform to their level of competency anyway!!2. If we need a coach, what would be his role? Teach them killer instinct? Steel them to believe in themselves? Strategise differently-for the players are the guys who go out to the middle and perform , no? Has there ever been a job description made?3. Would the coach have the authority? Surely he is responsible when things go wrong..but would he have a say in the selection of the Indian probables? Or the final Eleven? How would he even know about the capabilities of the 'thousands of prospects who are sweating it out'? Is there enough Business Intelligence -and a organisation structure of 'talent spotters' at various levels..under 13, under 15, under 17, under 19 levels of cricket..not to mention the performances of Ranji and One day tournaments?4. Should there be a decent tenure-say three years for the coach-to make a difference..?5. Do we need a foreign coach? Why not an Indian cricketer -who has made it thru the rungs of the domestic leagues, the district competition, represented the State, and been at the fringe of National teams? Surely he would know the eco system just too well -to tinker around, and help nurture fresh talent to bloom and perform at the highest level!! After all- at the international levels of competition, everyone is just as good as the other..it is the temparament on the day, no?6. Should a coach be a manager or a leader?And so on..I am throwing open this case study to my fellow colleagues and professionals..how would you select a coach for the Indian cricket team!!?Oops..I am tempted to ask....why not a returning Indian- mate?? The best of both worlds?After all, only if we know what we are looking for-will we ever find it :-)!!Rate this postPosted by AK Menon at 10:24 AMLabels: attrition, blogging, coach, cricket, CXO jobs, india, jobsearch, return to india, strategy, talent1 comment:Anonymous said...Achyut, very good post. All the 6 questions you asked are simple but equally difficult to answer.For me Ford did not accept the job for 2 reasons. 1) inherent risk of coaching South Asian country (e.g Pak coach Bob Woolmer)2) A word with previous 2 foreign coaches will seal his decision on not coming to India.For that matter even John Embury has rejected coming as a coach :)2:22 AMPost a CommentNewer Post Older Post HomeSubscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)Visit our websiteMy Linkedin ProfileTweets by Achyut Menon (@achyutmenon)Tweets by @achyutmenonNeed Advice?Popular PostsIndia's highest paid professionalsThe latest issue of Business India is on the stands-and presents their annual survey of India’s best paid executives. The salient points ...Moving from the US to India: Expectations of salaryHere is an article that appeared in Economic Times by Deepa Venkatraghvan today : NRIs moving from the US to India: How much salary to e...Relocating to India? Challenges that a NRI has to faceIshani Duttagupta of Economic Times has filed in a very interesting article on the challenges that an NRI faces on relocating to India . It...How is the job market in India?The more things change, the more they stay the same? July is perhaps the time I get these queries most often in a year! And not surprisingl...3 things that sets apart a good IT recruiterWe have noticed over the years that setting apart a great IT recruiter from a not so great one is very simple. However, application of th...Indian recruitment industry -A billion dollar industry and growing!!A recent study done by ERA , heralds the ‘recruitment industry ‘ in India. The Executive Recruiters Association ( http://www.era.org.in/ ) ...Jobs are back in Asia !!\"I have been on the dashboard for over two decades now-and I cannot remember more than 4 or 5 occasions when we had more job enquir...Swarming, Collaboration, Social...but Recruiting!?Hive mind: Working around the clock in hyper-connected 'swarms' - is this the future of work? The article by To...Job hunting & Social MediaThe interesting info graphics -courtesy the Jobvite Social Recruiting Survey 2011 provides an interesting insight into the following tr...Senior level jobs with KPO, software and hospitalityHere are some interesting assignments we are currently working on. If you need any information about them or want to apply for them send you...Options Executive SearchJobs by Options Executive SearchArchives► 2019 (7)November (2)October (1)September (1)April (1)March (2)► 2018 (10)May (1)April (4)February (5)► 2017 (15)September (3)August (1)July (1)June (1)May (3)April (2)March (1)February (1)January (2)► 2016 (12)December (2)October (4)September (2)July (1)January (3)► 2015 (7)September (2)August (3)July (2)► 2014 (14)August (1)June (4)April (4)March (1)February (2)January (2)► 2013 (17)December (1)November (3)September (1)August (3)June (4)May (1)April (2)March (2)► 2012 (10)December (1)October (1)June (2)April (1)February (1)January (4)► 2011 (25)December (2)November (3)October (3)September (2)August (1)July (2)May (2)April (1)March (3)February (2)January (4)► 2010 (36)December (1)November (4)October (2)September (3)August (2)July (6)June (2)May (2)April (2)March (3)February (3)January (6)► 2009 (62)December (8)November (6)October (6)September (5)August (3)July (1)June (3)May (2)April (6)March (7)February (9)January (6)► 2008 (59)December (4)November (4)October (5)September (5)August (6)July (3)June (6)May (3)April (7)March (6)February (3)January (7)▼ 2007 (79)December (2)November (4)October (8)September (4)August (5)July (4)June (10)May (8)April (6)March (6)February (9)January (13)► 2006 (53)December (20)November (18)October (14)September (1)Subscribe via emailEnter your email address:SkribitSorry, but the Skribit widget only works on browsers with JavaScript support. View suggestions for this blog here.FeedOptionsIndia on G+Options in India is powered by Blogger. Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS)Blue Chillout Space theme designed by Iliyan Darganov.Converted by Wordpress To Blogger for WP Blogger Themes. Sponsored by iBlogtoBlog."
