"What should I do for getting good Job immediately after the completion of my Internship being a candidate doing Dentistry? Where should I apply for Jobs? How to get through the Interviews?Education and Career ForumUser Name Remember Me?PasswordAsk a Question Discussions Question Papers Government Jobs Ask a Question Papers Login Register#115th September 2011, 01:58 AMUnregisteredGuestPosts: n/aWhat should I do for getting good Job immediately after the completion of my Internship being a candidate doing Dentistry? Where should I apply for Jobs? How to get through the Interviews?i will complete my internship in october...want to get a good job as soon as possible...what should i do for getting a good job..i m doin my dentistry from baddi, himachal pradesh.now i want to go to delhi for job.would you please tell me where should i apply for jobs. and how to pass interviews wht are the main subjects they ask for?Related Questions:List of colleges with fee and procedure to apply for Internship in Dentistry at New Delhi?Where can i do internship in Delhi in Dentistry after BDS? -- [New]How can I go for BDS course at the age of 32 years?Can MDS work in Singapore? Career in Dental in Singapore?What would be the best career option after completing B.A.? will i be eligible for MBA?How can I apply for Job Opportunities being a candidate of pursuing Bachelor in Aeronautical Engineering? Can I get Job before completion of my course? -- [Most Discussed]How can I apply for Government Jobs being a candidate pursuing Internship for BDS?What is the eligibility criteria followed to apply for L&T internship?Am I eligible to apply for any jobs when am already doing the internship?How to apply for jobs after completing my dentistry?For which jobs can I apply if I am interested in communication field? How to get a good job in MTNL and BSNL?How can I apply for job vacancies in Government Sector after completion of 12th standard?Can I get good Job after completion of LLB course? Which kind of Jobs I can apply for in Government sector after completion of this course?Which are the companies in Kerala providing training of 6 months?Internship in clinical research for M.Sc student? Job opportunities after completion of course and internship?Jobs in government sector after completing my final year B.Tech ECE/ISRO offer Internship to M.Sc(Mathematics) candidate?Which company requires less than 60 in PG?#215th September 2011, 06:14 PMimiraSenior Member+++++Join Date: May 2010Posts: 15,774Re: What should I do for getting good Job immediately after the completion of my Internship being a candidate doing Dentistry? Where should I apply for Jobs? How to get through the Interviews?You need to make a list of the hospitals situated in the area you want to settle. There will be a medical supervisor or in-charge in most hospital who look at the recruitment procedure. In some cases it may be the management managing this role. You need to make sure to send a resume to all the hospitals. Also you need to check for notifications in newspapers from the hospitals regarding vacancies and apply accordingly.#322nd October 2011, 05:19 PMUnregisteredGuestPosts: n/aRe: What should I do for getting good Job immediately after the completion of my Internship being a candidate doing Dentistry? Where should I apply for Jobs? How to get through the Interviews?iam final year student of electrical and electronics enginering department looking for core jobs for completion of my course#41st June 2012, 02:55 PMprasteeJoin Date: Jun 2012Posts: 1Re: What should I do for getting good Job immediately after the completion of my Internship being a candidate doing Dentistry? Where should I apply for Jobs? How to get through the Interviews?i finished my b.com(cs) this year........im looking for any jobs so kindly say me any info about jobs... thank uDo you have any question? or have anything to say?Please type your question or comment here and then click Submit.Related Articles:Government Colleges for MDS Community DentistryScope after Master in Dental Surgery (MDS)Jobs after BDSDentist, How to become a Dentist?MDS in preventive dentistry« Date of publish of ESIC Kollam Staff Nurse results? | Am I eligible for BITSAT after scoring 85% in 12th exam? »Related Topics:Thread Replies Last PostWhy is Indian BDS(Dentistry) not valid in foreign countries? What are the various job opportunities? 14 13th December 2013 03:23 PMScope of Laser Dentistry in India after doing masters in Laser Dentistry from Abroad? How much investment is required to do the course? 4 16th March 2013 02:56 PMHow to get a government job while doing private practice in Dentistry? 4 8th February 2012 08:23 PMAsk a Question - Contact Us - Entrance Exams - Privacy Policy - Archive - TopPowered by vBulletin® Version 3.8.3Copyright ©2000 - 2021, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.Search Engine Optimization by vBSEO 3.3.0Please also check:CloseLinkBackLinkBack URLAbout LinkBacks"
