"Jobs | Vegan Job Board - Jobs For VegansJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsSign inSign upJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs14 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchLegal Veterinary Services Human Resources Customer Service Media-Journalism ResearchRefine by CategoriesNon-Profit (19) Remote Job (8) Biotech (4) Marketing (4) Writer/ Editor (4) Environmental (3)Engineering (2) Executive (2) Finance (2) Management (2) Other (2) Strategy-Planning (2) Administrative Assistant (2) Business Development (1) Design (1) General Labor (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (12) Remote Work (1) Intern (1)Email me jobs like thisV-Label Customer Success ManagerProVeg International Berlin, GermanyRole Summary The manager supports the overall V-Label responding to general requests and first contacts, as well as guiding partners through the licensing process. Licensing of non- food articles includes stronger international cooperation, widened research, and general project management to create a licensing process in due consideration of different documents, legal requirements and customer wishes. In the customer service, V-Label customers are supported from the first inquiry up to the invoicing. Special cooperations with important key accounts that are interested in deeper cooperation require broad collaboration with other ProVeg departments, like fundraising and communications departments. Part of the work also includes small editorial projects regarding the V-Label, while always striving for the continuous improvement of the V-Label process with regard to customer friendliness, efficiency and quality. Job Details Reports to: Head of V-Label Department:...Jan 18, 2021Full timeRole Summary The manager supports the overall V-Label responding to general requests and first contacts, as well as guiding partners through the licensing process. Licensing of non- food articles includes stronger international cooperation, widened research, and general project management to create a licensing process in due consideration of different documents, legal requirements and customer wishes. In the customer service, V-Label customers are supported from the first inquiry up to the invoicing. Special cooperations with important key accounts that are interested in deeper cooperation require broad collaboration with other ProVeg departments, like fundraising and communications departments. Part of the work also includes small editorial projects regarding the V-Label, while always striving for the continuous improvement of the V-Label process with regard to customer friendliness, efficiency and quality. Job Details Reports to: Head of V-Label Department:...Science and Technology AssociateCounterfactual Ventures London, UKCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Science and Technology Associate you will support the Research, Design and Build (RDB) team in high impact venture creation by working closely with the Head of Science and Technology. The RDB team includes both technical and commercial experts who work together to identify the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Science and Technology Associate you will support the Research, Design and Build (RDB) team in high impact venture creation by working closely with the Head of Science and Technology. The RDB team includes both technical and commercial experts who work together to identify the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry.Head of Science & TechnologyCounterfactual VenturesCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Head of Science & Technology at CFV you will lead all things technical in our venture creation studio and incubator. Alongside the Head of Venture Creation, you will lead a team in identifying the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal technical founders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into an incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. It is currently hiring for four exciting roles to become part of the core CFV team. As the Head of Science & Technology at CFV you will lead all things technical in our venture creation studio and incubator. Alongside the Head of Venture Creation, you will lead a team in identifying the most promising opportunities to build startups well-positioned to enable the alternative protein industry. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal technical founders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into an incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Licensed Veterinary TechnicianPETA Norfolk, VA, USAPosition Objectives: To provide high-quality care for patients of high-volume mobile spay and neuter veterinary clinic Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Perform tests and assess and communicate patients' test results and medical histories to the attending veterinarian • Work under the direction of the veterinarian to prepare animals for surgery and administer medications, including anesthesia drugs • Monitor surgery patients from the administration of anesthesia through their full recovery and independently assess patients' readiness for discharge • Maintain controlled-drug and supply inventories and conduct appropriate recordkeeping and reporting • Comply with the applicable laws for licensed veterinary technicians established by the Virginia Board of Veterinary Medicine and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration • Communicate with clients regarding post-operative patient care as well as the results of diagnostic testing and other medical findings...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To provide high-quality care for patients of high-volume mobile spay and neuter veterinary clinic Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Perform tests and assess and communicate patients' test results and medical histories to the attending veterinarian • Work under the direction of the veterinarian to prepare animals for surgery and administer medications, including anesthesia drugs • Monitor surgery patients from the administration of anesthesia through their full recovery and independently assess patients' readiness for discharge • Maintain controlled-drug and supply inventories and conduct appropriate recordkeeping and reporting • Comply with the applicable laws for licensed veterinary technicians established by the Virginia Board of Veterinary Medicine and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration • Communicate with clients regarding post-operative patient care as well as the results of diagnostic testing and other medical findings...Media Relations OfficerPETA RemotePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Research SpecialistPETA Norfolk, VA, USAAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Jan 11, 2021Full timeAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Spay and Neuter Program Client Services RepresentativePETA Hampton Roads, Virginia, USAPosition Objectives: To provide excellent customer service to our clients, to promote the humane care and treatment of animals, and to provide support to the mobile clinics division manager and clinic staff Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Promote the humane care and treatment of animals • Conduct follow up calls within 24 hours post-surgery • Assist with the day-to-day operations of the mobile clinic program • Perform surgery check-ins and prepare daily reports in accordance with program procedures • Enter medical records into Clinic HQ • Provide support at the clinic, including patient discharge duties • Canvassing of low-income neighborhoods • Transport animals to and from spay and neuter appointments when needed • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor • Assist clinic staff with cleaning and stocking Qualifications: • High school diploma • Previous experience in a customer service focused role • Demonstrated...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To provide excellent customer service to our clients, to promote the humane care and treatment of animals, and to provide support to the mobile clinics division manager and clinic staff Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Promote the humane care and treatment of animals • Conduct follow up calls within 24 hours post-surgery • Assist with the day-to-day operations of the mobile clinic program • Perform surgery check-ins and prepare daily reports in accordance with program procedures • Enter medical records into Clinic HQ • Provide support at the clinic, including patient discharge duties • Canvassing of low-income neighborhoods • Transport animals to and from spay and neuter appointments when needed • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor • Assist clinic staff with cleaning and stocking Qualifications: • High school diploma • Previous experience in a customer service focused role • Demonstrated...Advertising CoordinatorPETA RemotePosition Objective: To obtain free and paid placement of PETA public service announcements (PSAs) and advertisements for billboards, print media, TV, radio, and online media Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop new pitch ideas and revamp pitches in order to increase free or reduced-rate placement of PSAs and ads • Develop and implement strategies for generating PSA and ad placement • Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and PSA directors to negotiate free or reduced-rate placements • Determine the effectiveness of PSA pitches and make recommendations based on these determinations • Ensure proper timing of PSA pitches in order to avoid conflicts with other media calendar items • Develop and maintain all records of PSA and ad placements • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: • Degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Three years of marketing or advertising experience...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To obtain free and paid placement of PETA public service announcements (PSAs) and advertisements for billboards, print media, TV, radio, and online media Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Develop new pitch ideas and revamp pitches in order to increase free or reduced-rate placement of PSAs and ads • Develop and implement strategies for generating PSA and ad placement • Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and PSA directors to negotiate free or reduced-rate placements • Determine the effectiveness of PSA pitches and make recommendations based on these determinations • Ensure proper timing of PSA pitches in order to avoid conflicts with other media calendar items • Develop and maintain all records of PSA and ad placements • Perform any other duties assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: • Degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Three years of marketing or advertising experience...Internship with Vegan TV NetworkPlant Based Network Remote (Remote: Worldwide)Overview As we launch PBNet 2.0 we are actively seeking talented volunteers and interns for the following remote positions. Applicants should be passionate about promoting the plant-based lifestyle. Guest Blogger Social Media Intern Marketing Intern Webmaster Intern (WordPress) Content Editor Brand Influencer Video Interviewer Show Host Recipe Submission Video Editor News Reporter Event Organizer PR & Media What you will gain: Professional experience working as part of a team dedicated to promoting the plant-based lifestyle University or college credit for select applicants A staff listing on our website with your photo & bio An author bio on every article with links to your website & social media channels Your content promoted on all of our websites, social media channels, and groupsJan 11, 2021Remote WorkOverview As we launch PBNet 2.0 we are actively seeking talented volunteers and interns for the following remote positions. Applicants should be passionate about promoting the plant-based lifestyle. Guest Blogger Social Media Intern Marketing Intern Webmaster Intern (WordPress) Content Editor Brand Influencer Video Interviewer Show Host Recipe Submission Video Editor News Reporter Event Organizer PR & Media What you will gain: Professional experience working as part of a team dedicated to promoting the plant-based lifestyle University or college credit for select applicants A staff listing on our website with your photo & bio An author bio on every article with links to your website & social media channels Your content promoted on all of our websites, social media channels, and groupsSocial Media CoordinatorAnimal Place 17314 McCourtney Rd, Grass Valley, CA 95949, USAOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...Jan 11, 2021Full timeOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...Veterinary AssistantPETA Norfolk, VA, USAPosition Objective: To support veterinary staff members and to provide the highest quality of care possible to veterinary patients in a humane and professional manner Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Promote the humane care and treatment of animals • Assist with admitting patients to the mobile clinics on a daily basis • Work within established policies and procedures under the veterinarian's direction to assist with the following duties: o Restraining clinic patients during surgical preparation o Administrating pre-anesthetic and anesthetic drugs o Performing surgical and post-surgical monitoring of patients through discharge • Assist with inventory management and equipment maintenance • Assist in the maintenance of all program files and records • Deliver, set up, and return the mobile clinic each day in a safe and efficient manner and in accordance with established policies • Participate in special events • Comply with applicable state and...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To support veterinary staff members and to provide the highest quality of care possible to veterinary patients in a humane and professional manner Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Promote the humane care and treatment of animals • Assist with admitting patients to the mobile clinics on a daily basis • Work within established policies and procedures under the veterinarian's direction to assist with the following duties: o Restraining clinic patients during surgical preparation o Administrating pre-anesthetic and anesthetic drugs o Performing surgical and post-surgical monitoring of patients through discharge • Assist with inventory management and equipment maintenance • Assist in the maintenance of all program files and records • Deliver, set up, and return the mobile clinic each day in a safe and efficient manner and in accordance with established policies • Participate in special events • Comply with applicable state and...Headline WriterPETA Los Angeles, CA, USAPosition Description: PETA is looking for a smart, quick, and creative individual to hype up our animal rights campaigns into provocative written content that will change hearts. Were you an expert at \"clickbait\" before it was a thing? Is \"sensationalism\" your middle name? You should have experience writing and promoting content for a brand or nonprofit and/or experience working in a digital newsroom. You must be accustomed to writing, editing, and posting several headlines/stories daily. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced digital environment, is vegan, have true enthusiasm for the work, and be a champion for all animals. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Write catchy, exciting headlines for dozens of news articles, action alerts, emails, blogs, op-eds, and other articles daily • Follow breaking news in the animal rights world closely and suggest compelling stories to your manager daily • Write breaking news articles and/or other online...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Description: PETA is looking for a smart, quick, and creative individual to hype up our animal rights campaigns into provocative written content that will change hearts. Were you an expert at \"clickbait\" before it was a thing? Is \"sensationalism\" your middle name? You should have experience writing and promoting content for a brand or nonprofit and/or experience working in a digital newsroom. You must be accustomed to writing, editing, and posting several headlines/stories daily. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced digital environment, is vegan, have true enthusiasm for the work, and be a champion for all animals. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Write catchy, exciting headlines for dozens of news articles, action alerts, emails, blogs, op-eds, and other articles daily • Follow breaking news in the animal rights world closely and suggest compelling stories to your manager daily • Write breaking news articles and/or other online...Internship in the International Communications Team supporting the ProVeg Impactor Awards (m/f/d)ProVeg International Berlin or remoteROLE SUMMARY Do you have a passion for social media, do you enjoy communicating with people and getting in depth into one project? Are you organized, pro-active and able to prioritise? Are you familiar with the most popular social media platforms Instagram, Youtube, and Facebook and are you always up to date with all veggie trends? If so, then become part of our communications team and help to change the world! In this position, you will support the launch of the ProVeg Impactor Awards - the newest exciting event by ProVeg! This online award show will celebrate the world's most impactful veg-positive social media content and content creators, with the focus being on Youtube and Instagram videos. The website will be launched February 2021 open to submissions, voting starts in March, and winners are announced in April. A little later in June, the ProVeg Student Impactor Awards will reward young creators between the age of 13 and 25 with cash grants and prize packages, to...Jan 06, 2021InternROLE SUMMARY Do you have a passion for social media, do you enjoy communicating with people and getting in depth into one project? Are you organized, pro-active and able to prioritise? Are you familiar with the most popular social media platforms Instagram, Youtube, and Facebook and are you always up to date with all veggie trends? If so, then become part of our communications team and help to change the world! In this position, you will support the launch of the ProVeg Impactor Awards - the newest exciting event by ProVeg! This online award show will celebrate the world's most impactful veg-positive social media content and content creators, with the focus being on Youtube and Instagram videos. The website will be launched February 2021 open to submissions, voting starts in March, and winners are announced in April. A little later in June, the ProVeg Student Impactor Awards will reward young creators between the age of 13 and 25 with cash grants and prize packages, to...Research ScientistFaunalytics RemoteFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Jan 06, 2021Full timeFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedIn© 2009-2021 Powered by Vegan Mainstream"
