"Deloitte Jobs - Java Developer (Microservices/Angular/React) - Senior Consultant in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United StatesWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy.AcceptDeloitte JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (12,720)Job InformationDeloitte Java Developer (Microservices/Angular/React) - Senior Consultant in Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaSystems Engineering Java Developer (Microservices/Angular/React) - Senior ConsultantCORE BUSINESS OPERATIONSCore Business Operations (CBO) is an integrated set of offerings that addresses our clients' core business issues. CBO provides a gamut of consulting services spanning advisory, implementation and operations. CBO practitioners help our clients transform, modernize, and run their existing technology platforms right from process design to implementation and finally ensuring roll-out transition.CBO has four different offerings Systems Engineering focused on design, delivery and support of large scale software applications and integrated systems; Cloud Engineering focused on end-to-end cloud services from migration strategy into transformation and cloud operations; Core Industry Solutions focused on industry vertical, sector specific solutions that drive operational change and automate the core of the business; and Operations Transformation focused on creating a flexible, innovative business model for clients supported by a strong operations foundation. CBO serves clients across Life Sciences and Health Care, Government & Public Services and Financial Services among other industries.SYSTEMS ENGINEERINGAt Deloitte Consulting LLP, our Systems Engineering specialists help clients manage the complexity inherent with technology change, from requirements planning to architecture, testing to deployment, and beyond, helping to link their IT programs to organizational goals. And we offer a complete range of industry-leading services, including systems development, solution and platform integration. Learn more about our Systems Engineering practice.SENIOR CONSULTANTAs a Senior Consultant at Deloitte Consulting, you will be responsible for leading the design, development and deployment of large-scale complex software solutions at an enterprise level. These applications are often high-volume mission critical systems and would provide you an exposure to a broad range of technologies across all layers of architecture in the Java J2EE technology stack. You will be responsible for independently lead the team and mentor junior team members, collaborating team across shores to understand the functional requirements and translate them into work products. You will be involved in end-to-end delivery of the project from estimations, planning and execution. You would also be responsible for tracking status and collecting metrics for analysis.The Work you ll doLead and drive discussions with business and functional analysts and come up with technical architecture and design and help the team shape requirements and resolve ambiguities.Understand the impact of adapting different architectures and designs and present the same to all relevant stakeholders. Manage both functional and technical requirements while deciding on technical solutions.Develop solutions following established technical design, application development standards and quality processes in projects.Manage project execution by defining the work-breakdown structure in accordance with the master project plan and track the progress.Establish technical design / development guidelines, templates and standards and ensure that the team follows them.Run the daily calls / scrum meetings with respect to deliverables and build the weekly status reports to be reviewed with leadership.Perform detailed reviews on deliverables. Provide technical guidance to the team members.Interact with other stakeholders not limited to end-user clients, Project Manager/Scrum master, Business Analysts, offshore development, testing and other cross-functional teams.The TeamCBO practitioners work on design, delivery and support of a variety of solutions that help our clients meet business objectives. These solutions range from large scale ground-up custom developed applications, to cloud based development and integration services as well as customizing industry sector focused packages. As a Java/J2EE capability hire on this team, you would get opportunities to work on all adjacent area technologies such as user interface/user experience development, integration services, business rules engine solutions, or cloud based service.QUALIFICATIONS:Education:Bachelor s degree or equivalent experience.Prior Experience:7 to 10 years of hands on technical experience on web / application development using Java / JEE technology stack.Skills / Project Experience - required:Strong conceptual knowledge in OOPS, Core Java, Collections, Multithreading, Socket Programming.Experience with working on frameworks: Spring Boot all modules, Spring/Struts, JDBC, Hibernate, WebService (SOAP/REST)Experience on web/application servers (Tomcat, JBoss, WildFly, WebSphere etc.).Experience on any of the JMS/Messaging tools like Apache ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Message Brokers, Kafka, etc.Experience in working with Angular/ReactJS & Redux, JSP, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery and JavaScript.Experience in designing and driving comprehensive UI unit test case suites using Jasmine and Karma.Experience in component-based design and able to design component model using atomic design principles.Able to design component libraries by identifying the common components across projects/modules.Strong understanding of ngRx, UI design patterns.Experience in building UI applications using Webpack.Strong experience in DevOps process and tools like Jenkins/Bamboo/UrbanCode also build technology like Maven/GradleStrong experience with Github/Bitbucket/Subversion,/Perforce etc. versioning systems.Experience with micro services development using Spring/Spring boot or any other technology framework.Experience with UML (Class, Sequence, Domain Model) and on various design patternsAbility to work with automated unit test frameworks like Junit, Mockito and drive end-to-end testing of modules.Ability to write SQL with complex joins on RDBMS, understanding of database functionsAbility to communicate clearly across teams in the project and having excellent verbal and written communication skills for articulating architecture and design principlesExperience managing medium sized teamsMust be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.Skills / Project Experience - good to have:Experience working with API Gateway, SSO, Security, Log aggregators, Application monitoring tools and Config servers.Experience with Application Performance Management and Monitoring toolsUnderstanding of Load Balancing, Routing, Failover and Self-healingUnderstanding of event driven design and Java workflow process automation enginesExperience in developing and deploying applications to cloud platforms AWS, GCP, PCF, etcExperience with NoSQL databases like MongoDB/ Apache CassandraExperience on Agile/Scrum based deliveryExperience in different architectural designs for complex enterprisesIndustry recognized Technology CertificationsTravel at 80% (While 80% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.)How you ll growAt Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. (https://zoomforth.com/s/deloitte/du#home)BenefitsAt Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. (http://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/life-at-deloitte-benefits-and-rewards.html)Deloitte s cultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.Corporate citizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte s impact on the world. (http://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/about-deloitte/articles/deloitte-corporate-citizenship.html)Recruiter tipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. (http://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/topics/recruiting-tips.html) CBOSESDEJ&DNAMKSCategory: Software Engineering, Development & TestingAbout DeloitteAs used in this document, Deloitte means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaJava Developer (Microservices/An...PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaClear AllEOE including Disability/Protected VeteransFor information on requesting a reasonable accommodation in the application process, visit the Company career page.Powered By"
