"Master Planner 费利蒙，加利福尼亚州 | Jabil Careers跳到主要内容Toggle job search barToggle navigation内部职业职业网络EN ES CH全球职业在捷普的生活捷普的与众不同之处内部职业职业网络EN ES CH搜索工作按标题或关键词搜索工作按职业领域搜索职位按职业领域搜索职位材料 (35)财务 (30)采购 (42)测试工程 (56)风险&审计 (6)工程 (31)工业工程 (29)供应链管理 (27)规划 (46)行政 (51)技术服务 (4)精益六西格玛 (7)库存管控 (99)全球质量 (1)人力资源 (23)设计服务 (50)设施管理 (29)社会&环境责任 (7)生产 (272)生产工程 (175)投资者关系&沟通 (4)项目管理 (26)销售 (1)信息技术 (54)研发 (3)业务发展 (23)运营 (39)战略规划 (1)质量 (171)按国家搜索职位按国家搜索职位Austria (2)Belgium (1)Brazil (24)Canada (2)China (255)Czechia (0)Denmark (1)Dominican Republic (37)Estonia (1)Finland (1)France (1)Germany (26)Hong Kong (1)Hungary (34)India (13)Indonesia (2)Ireland (11)Israel (0)Italy (1)Japan (1)Korea, Republic of (1)Luxembourg (1)Malaysia (191)Mauritius (0)Mexico (163)Netherlands (1)Poland (17)Russian Federation (1)Singapore (23)South Africa (0)Spain (1)Sweden (1)Switzerland (49)Taiwan (29)Ukraine (23)United Arab Emirates (0)United Kingdom (2)United States of America (466)Vietnam (33)搜索返回搜寻Master PlannerReq ID: J2247387地点费利蒙，加利福尼亚州, 加利福尼亚州, United States of America类别 规划发表 2020年10月5日类型 全职工作现在申请职位描述SUMMARYManage all planning activities for the dedicated assigned workcell and mentor the Production Planners and Document Coordinators in the workcell.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.· Ensure 100% on-time delivery.· Establish build readiness.· Maintain efficiency of capacity and customer sizing.· Maintain accurate revenue forecasting.· Maintain material control and liability.· Develop Master Production Schedule (MPS) and load into Jabil’s ERP system, including Purchase Order (PO) coverage.· Reconcile the MPS to customer PO coverage weekly to ensure that Jabil is not exposed over and above customer PO coverage or other authorized customer demand.· Ensure the MPS is always 100% accurate and achievable.· Achieve and maintain 95% MPS goal.· Own production planning, BOM and document control with or without additional support.· Analyze material and capacity requirements and communicate constraints to the Workcell and customer based on accurate customer demand.· Maintain the workcell’s capacity planning model; drive resolution on uneven capacity utilization that keeps Jabil focused on the customer but efficiently utilizing manufacturing resources.· Meet daily with the Workcell and manufacturing team to assess production schedules, (adjust as necessary based on production results) optimize run quantities, and minimize changeovers to help achieve 100% on time delivery.· Maintain the customers’ latest contract on file at all times and be familiar with the terms and conditions of the contract regarding customer liability of material planning and production scheduling. This includes the liability window for Jabil material purchase order placement, purchase price for components, and liability for any in-house materials (purchased and manufactured).· Be the workcell’s “expert” on all planning activities by supporting the Production Planner goal of never starting to build product without having a valid PO, adequate material quantities, and accurate BOM and an accurate routing.· Lead the Workcell on the creation of Bills of Material (BOMs) and routings that allows accurate tracking of WIP assemblies and accurate inventory movement transactions.· End-of Life (EOL) management should include chairing a meeting 30 days prior to the last planned build date to create tactics to support the EOL strategy. The Master Planner would own the build schedule, corrections and resolution of MPS to customer demand, planned tactics on deadlines for assemblies out of the various work areas on the floor, deadline for last shipment, and support plan for potential RMAs.· Manage Jabil purge process for internal Workcell purges.· Adhere to all safety and health rules and regulations associated with this position and as directed by supervisor.· Comply and follow all procedures within the company security policy.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTSHigh School Diploma or equivalent required and two years of planning experience; Bachelor’s degree preferred. APICS certification and Supervisor experience also preferred. Thorough knowledge of MRP, lead times for specific component types, internal run rates, test development lead times, machine programming lead times and complete understanding of the chronological sequence of events that must occur in order to build a product.LANGUAGE SKILLSAdvanced PC skills, including training and knowledge of Jabil’s software packages. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.MATHEMATICAL SKILLSAbility to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.REASONING ABILITYAbility to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.PHYSICAL DEMANDSThe physical demands describes here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Individual may be required to stand or walk for extended periods of time. Reaching, bending, and lifting up to 50 lbs.WORK ENVIRONMENTThe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those and employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Individual’s work station is located in the stockroom on the manufacturing floor. The noise level in the work environment is moderate.现在申请现在申请分享类似职位Master PlannerReq ID: J2234676Master PlannerReq ID: J2258832Master PlannerReq ID: J2256927Master Planner 100%Req ID: J2253173Sr demand plannerReq ID: J2258129还没准备好申请？ 加入Jabil人才网络！了解即将到来的职业机会和活动Jabil注册在捷普，我们努力为我们的员工、客户、合作伙伴和股东创造一切可能，让一切变得更好。我们在30个国家的100多个厂区拥有超过26万名多元化、有才干和积极敬业的员工，我们的的愿景是成为技术先进、值得信赖的制造​​​解决方案提供商。我们拥有广泛而深厚的终端市场经验、技术设计能力、制造知识、供应链洞察以及全球性产品管理专长，竭尽所能为全球的各大领导品牌带来成功。我们都有一个共同的目标，那就是为彼此、为社区、为环境创造积极的影响。访问 Jabil全球职业商机奖项与认可我们的故事捷普的生活领导多元化与包容性Jabil 焦耳Jabil 关怀Jabil的与众不同之处Jabil创新中心运营模式学习，培训，持续改进Jabil内部职业 加入我们的职业网络跟着我们捷普（Jabil）是全球平等机会雇主的骄傲。 欢迎大家在这里。© Jabil Inc. 2021 | 版权所有.隐私饼干使用条款网站地图本网站使用cookie。 它使用cookie来确保为您提供我们网站上的最佳体验。 如果您继续不同意cookie的条件，我们将假定您很高兴在此网站上收到所有cookie。继续"
