"house painting company | quality interior painters in my areaHomeLegalSitemapMy husband and I decided that we wanted to update our deck to have a modern cable railing...our house is very \"treehouse\" like, sitting high up in the words and the new cable railing really opens up the view. The guys striped the deck of its old paint and got started on taking down the old railings--they actually added an extra 6\" around the perimeter of the deck to serve as a better support for the new posts that were put in and what a difference! Johnny and Robert, who worked together on the labor intensive deck, are truly artists.....cutting perfect curves into areas of the railing where we have a large boulder in our yard and using their creativity to further enforce our deck--talk about attention to detail! Its really hard to believe that we're living in the same house and thanks to Rome, there was never a time when I felt stressed or pressured to make a decision. I can't forget to mention that Rome is very reasonable when it came to giving us a quote for the entirety the work we had done, we were VERY pleasantly surprised!!We needed our stoop top replaced and the entire stoop waterproofed. The job went very well - work began on-time and ended a bit earlier than estimated. Mr. Ismail kindly explained every step of work to be done in advance and made sure that we understood and approved each one. When a layer of very old brick under the stoop was discovered and shown to be unsuitable for a modern cement covering, the workers quickly built a new layer that is much sturdier. The workers also replaced a crumbling stone border at the edge of our garden, sealed the stoop against moisture, painted the interior storerom room underneath the stoop, and removed dirt and debris. I highly recommend Rahat Construction!We had some electrical wires pulled: a few outlets, three ceiling fans and 8 recessed down lights and all the switches. we had to patch after the electricians. The areas were not huge, but definitely complicated. Three types of wall/ceiling conditions: plaster, drywall and masonry walls. Nua was quick to respond and evaluate the project. Timing estimate was very accurate. Level of care and finish quality was exceptional. Craftsman quality not handyman. Would definitely contact for future projects.See moreWe're a locally owned and operated company with over 10 years of industry experience. We value honesty and integrity in all aspects of our business. We offer a variety of home improvement services that are customizable to each individual project. We specialize in handyman/carpentry work and a variety of related service and repair projects. We pride ourselves on the quality of our work as well as our commitment to outstanding results. We look forward to building lasting relationships with our ...This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness. wikiHow's Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high quality standards. This article has been viewed 130,437 times.I rate A&A to be the best of the best. My 75 year old house not shines with the work of this company. They paid particular attention to detail and completed the job to my satisfaction. All concerns were promptly addressed. I would use them again and would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs exterior painting. I will use them in the future to do the interior of my home. Happy to find them.I hired Alexandre and his team to paint the interior of my new 3 floor townhouse. They painted every inch of my place including kitchen cabinets, ceilings and basement. The colors were perfect and his team was professional. I had my floors refinished in the middle of his project and when he came back, he had covered every inch of my newly refinished floors and stairs with paper! I was so relieved! When the job was complete, I was thrilled with the results and at a great value.File the necessary business documents. For starters, you’ll need a general business license to begin taking on contract work. You may also have to have other specific licenses that permit you to operate in off-limits zones or handle certain materials. A separate home business permit will be required if you plan on using your own residence as the headquarters for your contracting business.We're a locally owned and operated company with over 10 years of industry experience. We value honesty and integrity in all aspects of our business. We offer a variety of home improvement services that are customizable to each individual project. We specialize in handyman/carpentry work and a variety of related service and repair projects. We pride ourselves on the quality of our work as well as our commitment to outstanding results. We look forward to building lasting relationships with our ...This was a wonderful experience. Peter Smith is professional and expert in his assessments and knowledge. During our initial meeting he answered most of my questions before I asked them. This is quite an accomplishment as I ask a lot of questions. Products used were high quality. Before work began, Peter said that punctuality is key. The teams arrived about 15 minutes prior to starting each work day. His teams were skilled, meticulous in their work, and responsive to any questions or comments. Cleanup at the end of each day was impeccable. They completed the job less than an hour ago. Their excellent work has restored the appearance of my house. Peter Smith is responsive to one's comments whether email, phone or in person discussion. I have high standards and am pleased with the fine results and good value and therefore recommend Peter Smith Painting.×Contact us at [email protected] | Sitemap txt | Sitemap"
