"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.11 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent SearchAtlanta jobsLegging Bar Sales Associate, Fabletics (Perimeter Mall - Atlanta, GA)JF Retail Services Atlanta, GeorgiaJob DescriptionFabletics is seeking a Part-Time Sales Associates for our upcoming Legging Bar at Perimeter Mall in Atlanta, GA.What is a Legging Bar, you may ask? These are innovative, beautifully designed stand-alone shops that allow our VIPs and customers another touch point outside of online, social and other retail locations that may be further away. The Legging Bars feature our newest and most popular product, creating opportunities that inspire customers to become a VIP.How Do You Fit In?As a Sales Associate you will provide a best-in-class retail store experience. Using cutting edge technology, you will enable our customers to shop seamlessly between our website and retail pop-up. The right candidate is a self-motivated, highly energetic individual who is comfortable engaging the public. You will join a tight knit group of key contributors who are actively working together to achieve aggressive goals and meet timelines to drive the business forward.This position reports into the Legging Bar Manager.Responsibilities:Embody our culture and values and providing insight to our Customers on how to Live their passion.Actively engage our Customers in new and meaningful ways by providing knowledge on the fabrics, features, fit, and function of our product.Maintain merchandising guidelines that make the store easy to shop and add value to the Customer's purchase journey.Operate the Legging Bar, including opening and closing, restocking, merchandising, guest experience, membership sign-ups, etc.Strive for excellence meeting and exceeding objectives as it relates to Performance, Productivity, Efficiency, and Quality standards.Maintain personal sales and achieve sales goals.Maintain all safety and security standards and identify, communicate potential issues.Unpack boxes for inventory as required. Boxes can weigh 10-30 lbs.Required Skills:Prior experience within a retail environment is beneficial.Knowledge & familiarity of active lifestyle choices such as Yoga, Cycling/Spin, Pilates, Weight Training, Running, Nutrition and other healthy activities is a plus.Ability to socially interact with Customers, Employees and Business Partners inside and outside of the store environment.Previous experience opening & closing in similar structure preferredGreat interpersonal skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environmentTech savvy and familiar with retail inventory and POS systems.Self-motivated, good communicator.The ability to multi-task, set priorities and work well under pressure.Flexibility in work hours, open to work evenings, weekends, and national holidays.This position involves constant moving, talking, hearing, reaching, grabbing and standing for at least two consecutive hours. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, crouching and climbing ladders.Applicants must be 18 years of age or older.Why Work for Us?Our mission is to re-imagine the global fashion business by creating the world's most innovative and admired fashion company.Since its founding in 2010, TechStyle (formerly JustFab Inc.) has become one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies in history.Together, TechStyle's five portfolio brands, JustFab, ShoeDazzle, Fabletics, FL2 and FabKids provide over 4 million VIP members with on-trend fashion at an exceptional value.We attribute our success to a culture of innovation that spans across our six offices in Los Angeles, Louisville, San Francisco, London, Barcelona and Berlin. Our workforce is committed to bringing new levels of execution and passion to design, marketing, manufacturing, supply chain, engineering, corporate culture and customer service.If you're passionate about re-imagining an industry and are looking for a place to innovate, be challenged and architect your career, explore available opportunities on our jobs page.At TechStyle, we believe in helping our employees define and reach their career goals. Our unprecedented growth allows us to offer motivated and passionate employees the opportunity to learn, grow and create career building experiences that mutually benefit our customers, our business and our employees.What Are Our Core Values?We follow 7 cornerstones that impact what we do and what makes us successful:Be Passionate:Love your craft, contribute your ideas, foster debate, take initiative, our members feel this come through everything we do.Be Great at Your Job:Demonstrate the specific areas of technical excellence appropriate to your level and role, contribute relevant developments from your field to keep us cutting edge, share knowledge, and teach others.Be Entrepreneurial and Accountable:Make responsible decisions as if it were your own business, continually improve how we work and what we offer, follow-through on deliverables, proactively managing expectations, hold others to a high standard, minimize bureaucracy, respond effectively to change, challenges and the pace of our business, take ownership for our success, keep our members in mind.Do the Right Work:Manage your tasks to meet your deliverables, organize your time so you can succeed, understand how your work impacts the business, think strategically to solve the right problems, proactively raise questions and issues that need attention, prioritize the most important work to help us achieve our goals.Be a Team Player:Pitch in when needed, listen to others' concerns, identify dependencies within and across teams, be aware of your impact, keep others informed, collaborate effectively to ensure collective success.Learn and Grow:Stretch and challenge yourself to keep learning, ask for help, apply feedback, look for where you can improve, keep developing in your role, continually increase your contribution to results.Let's Not Take Ourselves Too Seriously:Work hard, but keep it fun and light-hearted, no ego, make this a great place for each other, be yourself, inspire others' best, help us not take ourselves too seriously, have a positive and constructive attitude.TechStyle is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/PV/D (minority, female, protected veteran, disability)TechStyle is anequalopportunity employer. We recruit, employ, compensate,develop,and promote regardless of race,national origin,religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable.At TechStyle, we champion a vibrant workplace culture that thrives ondiversity law and do not tolerate discrimination or harassment. We are one team from many backgrounds, innovating through diversity of individuals, who are driven by passion for creating an inclusive space for all.TechStyle will continue to champion a workplace culture that prizes diversity and inclusivity.We encourage you to apply regardless of meeting all qualifications and/or requirements.Jan 23, 2021Full timeJob DescriptionFabletics is seeking a Part-Time Sales Associates for our upcoming Legging Bar at Perimeter Mall in Atlanta, GA.What is a Legging Bar, you may ask? These are innovative, beautifully designed stand-alone shops that allow our VIPs and customers another touch point outside of online, social and other retail locations that may be further away. The Legging Bars feature our newest and most popular product, creating opportunities that inspire customers to become a VIP.How Do You Fit In?As a Sales Associate you will provide a best-in-class retail store experience. Using cutting edge technology, you will enable our customers to shop seamlessly between our website and retail pop-up. The right candidate is a self-motivated, highly energetic individual who is comfortable engaging the public. You will join a tight knit group of key contributors who are actively working together to achieve aggressive goals and meet timelines to drive the business forward.This position reports into the Legging Bar Manager.Responsibilities:Embody our culture and values and providing insight to our Customers on how to Live their passion.Actively engage our Customers in new and meaningful ways by providing knowledge on the fabrics, features, fit, and function of our product.Maintain merchandising guidelines that make the store easy to shop and add value to the Customer's purchase journey.Operate the Legging Bar, including opening and closing, restocking, merchandising, guest experience, membership sign-ups, etc.Strive for excellence meeting and exceeding objectives as it relates to Performance, Productivity, Efficiency, and Quality standards.Maintain personal sales and achieve sales goals.Maintain all safety and security standards and identify, communicate potential issues.Unpack boxes for inventory as required. Boxes can weigh 10-30 lbs.Required Skills:Prior experience within a retail environment is beneficial.Knowledge & familiarity of active lifestyle choices such as Yoga, Cycling/Spin, Pilates, Weight Training, Running, Nutrition and other healthy activities is a plus.Ability to socially interact with Customers, Employees and Business Partners inside and outside of the store environment.Previous experience opening & closing in similar structure preferredGreat interpersonal skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environmentTech savvy and familiar with retail inventory and POS systems.Self-motivated, good communicator.The ability to multi-task, set priorities and work well under pressure.Flexibility in work hours, open to work evenings, weekends, and national holidays.This position involves constant moving, talking, hearing, reaching, grabbing and standing for at least two consecutive hours. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, crouching and climbing ladders.Applicants must be 18 years of age or older.Why Work for Us?Our mission is to re-imagine the global fashion business by creating the world's most innovative and admired fashion company.Since its founding in 2010, TechStyle (formerly JustFab Inc.) has become one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies in history.Together, TechStyle's five portfolio brands, JustFab, ShoeDazzle, Fabletics, FL2 and FabKids provide over 4 million VIP members with on-trend fashion at an exceptional value.We attribute our success to a culture of innovation that spans across our six offices in Los Angeles, Louisville, San Francisco, London, Barcelona and Berlin. Our workforce is committed to bringing new levels of execution and passion to design, marketing, manufacturing, supply chain, engineering, corporate culture and customer service.If you're passionate about re-imagining an industry and are looking for a place to innovate, be challenged and architect your career, explore available opportunities on our jobs page.At TechStyle, we believe in helping our employees define and reach their career goals. Our unprecedented growth allows us to offer motivated and passionate employees the opportunity to learn, grow and create career building experiences that mutually benefit our customers, our business and our employees.What Are Our Core Values?We follow 7 cornerstones that impact what we do and what makes us successful:Be Passionate:Love your craft, contribute your ideas, foster debate, take initiative, our members feel this come through everything we do.Be Great at Your Job:Demonstrate the specific areas of technical excellence appropriate to your level and role, contribute relevant developments from your field to keep us cutting edge, share knowledge, and teach others.Be Entrepreneurial and Accountable:Make responsible decisions as if it were your own business, continually improve how we work and what we offer, follow-through on deliverables, proactively managing expectations, hold others to a high standard, minimize bureaucracy, respond effectively to change, challenges and the pace of our business, take ownership for our success, keep our members in mind.Do the Right Work:Manage your tasks to meet your deliverables, organize your time so you can succeed, understand how your work impacts the business, think strategically to solve the right problems, proactively raise questions and issues that need attention, prioritize the most important work to help us achieve our goals.Be a Team Player:Pitch in when needed, listen to others' concerns, identify dependencies within and across teams, be aware of your impact, keep others informed, collaborate effectively to ensure collective success.Learn and Grow:Stretch and challenge yourself to keep learning, ask for help, apply feedback, look for where you can improve, keep developing in your role, continually increase your contribution to results.Let's Not Take Ourselves Too Seriously:Work hard, but keep it fun and light-hearted, no ego, make this a great place for each other, be yourself, inspire others' best, help us not take ourselves too seriously, have a positive and constructive attitude.TechStyle is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/PV/D (minority, female, protected veteran, disability)TechStyle is anequalopportunity employer. We recruit, employ, compensate,develop,and promote regardless of race,national origin,religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable.At TechStyle, we champion a vibrant workplace culture that thrives ondiversity law and do not tolerate discrimination or harassment. We are one team from many backgrounds, innovating through diversity of individuals, who are driven by passion for creating an inclusive space for all.TechStyle will continue to champion a workplace culture that prizes diversity and inclusivity.We encourage you to apply regardless of meeting all qualifications and/or requirements.Joella's Restaurant Shift SupervisorSchulte Companies Atlanta, GeorgiaExternal DescriptionPosition Overview:Shift Managers are an entry-level position into a supervisory role. This role is typically the first for most internal employees and serves as a stepping stone for your development into management. Shift Managers are a mid-level supervisory position serving as managerial support with or in the absence of Management.Shift Managers are exemplary employees whose daily performance consistently goes above and beyond expectations. They are likely seen as an informal leader among their peers and gains respect due to their ability to perform consistently, has mastery of all positions in the department they are regularly scheduled.The opportunity to move into the positon carries a unique set of abilities and traits. First- Is the ability and maturity to separate yourself from an hourly employee mind-set to the practice of seeing and thinking like a manager including actively and consistently supports the management team and unit objectives.Sets the example for following unit policies and procedures. Approaches day to day duties and responsibilities in a way that positively impacts, promotes and supports Joella's core values, strengths, philosophy and mission. Demonstrates good decisions when dealing with customer concerns and issues. Adheres to dress, attendance and punctuality standards.Has a \"heads up\" approach to unit deficiencies and effectively and willingly communicates suggestions for improving operational performance at all levels. (Costs, staff performance and training, customer service, housekeeping, bottom line results, etc.)Essential Traits-Below is a list of skill sets and traits required for the position serving as a general overview and is not intended to be exhaustive.Knowledgeable- A prospective Shift Manager demonstrates mastery of all positions in their regularly scheduled department including some general knowledge or mastery of positions outside of their regularly scheduled department with a demonstrated desire to learn more. They also possess the ability to informally share their knowledge with others.Professional Maturity- Shift Managers consistently demonstrate a sincere effort to continue to learn and grow in their roles demonstrating an ability in teaching others. Able to absorb set-backs and grow from mistakes. Ability to maintain the supervisory position without reverting or being drawn into an employee mindset. Draws the line between themselves and employee without being over-bearing.Drive and Initiative- Shift Managers (even those who may not wish to consider positons of advancement) enjoy the responsibility in their roles and desire to consistently be held accountable. They have the daily drive to do their very best showcasing themselves as an intricate part of the management team and staff in general while leaning more.Motivational and Inspiring- Shift Manager's energy or lack thereof can make or break morale and affects staff's performance in the unit. Effective Managers are team players able to guide and manage everyone's strengths to get the job done at a high level. Acting as a cheerleader when needed and recognizing exceptional performance.Successful Shift Managers are ones who are able to engage employees with successful outcomes and can effectively teach others vs. jumping in and doing their jobs for them when they see someone struggling. Shift Managers should have a sincere mentorship approach so their coaching efforts are effective and well received.Essential Job FunctionsDemonstrate management duties of coaching, training, delegation, communicating to staff when managers aren't present, steps in where and when necessary.Supports the management of duty by supervising a designated or multiple areas of the unit.Can effectively open and close the unit.Completes all checklists and tools consistently dailyUnderstands, follow and coaches all Health Dept. standards and guidelines.Recognizes unsafe conditions in the unit and reacts with urgency to eliminate and provide solutions to permanently resolve.Provide feedback on employee performance to the General Manager.Ensure customer service standards and customer needs are met. Refers high-impact customer service issues to the appropriate manager for resolution.Write portion of the schedule assigned by GMMaintains housekeeping and takes ownership of areas assigned by GMCash handling standards are being maintained dailyProvide employee training including a \"train the trainer\" awareness and approach.Professional in dress, communication and promoting change.Schulte Restaurant Group is an Equal Opportunity EmployerJan 23, 2021Full timeExternal DescriptionPosition Overview:Shift Managers are an entry-level position into a supervisory role. This role is typically the first for most internal employees and serves as a stepping stone for your development into management. Shift Managers are a mid-level supervisory position serving as managerial support with or in the absence of Management.Shift Managers are exemplary employees whose daily performance consistently goes above and beyond expectations. They are likely seen as an informal leader among their peers and gains respect due to their ability to perform consistently, has mastery of all positions in the department they are regularly scheduled.The opportunity to move into the positon carries a unique set of abilities and traits. First- Is the ability and maturity to separate yourself from an hourly employee mind-set to the practice of seeing and thinking like a manager including actively and consistently supports the management team and unit objectives.Sets the example for following unit policies and procedures. Approaches day to day duties and responsibilities in a way that positively impacts, promotes and supports Joella's core values, strengths, philosophy and mission. Demonstrates good decisions when dealing with customer concerns and issues. Adheres to dress, attendance and punctuality standards.Has a \"heads up\" approach to unit deficiencies and effectively and willingly communicates suggestions for improving operational performance at all levels. (Costs, staff performance and training, customer service, housekeeping, bottom line results, etc.)Essential Traits-Below is a list of skill sets and traits required for the position serving as a general overview and is not intended to be exhaustive.Knowledgeable- A prospective Shift Manager demonstrates mastery of all positions in their regularly scheduled department including some general knowledge or mastery of positions outside of their regularly scheduled department with a demonstrated desire to learn more. They also possess the ability to informally share their knowledge with others.Professional Maturity- Shift Managers consistently demonstrate a sincere effort to continue to learn and grow in their roles demonstrating an ability in teaching others. Able to absorb set-backs and grow from mistakes. Ability to maintain the supervisory position without reverting or being drawn into an employee mindset. Draws the line between themselves and employee without being over-bearing.Drive and Initiative- Shift Managers (even those who may not wish to consider positons of advancement) enjoy the responsibility in their roles and desire to consistently be held accountable. They have the daily drive to do their very best showcasing themselves as an intricate part of the management team and staff in general while leaning more.Motivational and Inspiring- Shift Manager's energy or lack thereof can make or break morale and affects staff's performance in the unit. Effective Managers are team players able to guide and manage everyone's strengths to get the job done at a high level. Acting as a cheerleader when needed and recognizing exceptional performance.Successful Shift Managers are ones who are able to engage employees with successful outcomes and can effectively teach others vs. jumping in and doing their jobs for them when they see someone struggling. Shift Managers should have a sincere mentorship approach so their coaching efforts are effective and well received.Essential Job FunctionsDemonstrate management duties of coaching, training, delegation, communicating to staff when managers aren't present, steps in where and when necessary.Supports the management of duty by supervising a designated or multiple areas of the unit.Can effectively open and close the unit.Completes all checklists and tools consistently dailyUnderstands, follow and coaches all Health Dept. standards and guidelines.Recognizes unsafe conditions in the unit and reacts with urgency to eliminate and provide solutions to permanently resolve.Provide feedback on employee performance to the General Manager.Ensure customer service standards and customer needs are met. Refers high-impact customer service issues to the appropriate manager for resolution.Write portion of the schedule assigned by GMMaintains housekeeping and takes ownership of areas assigned by GMCash handling standards are being maintained dailyProvide employee training including a \"train the trainer\" awareness and approach.Professional in dress, communication and promoting change.Schulte Restaurant Group is an Equal Opportunity EmployerKitchen Team MemberChick-fil-A Atlanta, GeorgiaAbout Chick-fil-A MidtownBuild your career or have a great part-time job working for one of the nation's most respected companies, Chick-fil-A! As one of the busiest Chick-fil-A franchise organizations, Chick-fil-A Midtown Atlanta is looking for friendly, smiling leaders and team members. We will help you grow as a part of our Chick-fil-A family.Flexible full-time or part-time schedules are available perfect for working around your school or life obligations.We offer you a great work environment with Sundays off, competitive pay, tuition assistance, scholarship opportunities, free food, 401K, vacation time, awesome training, leadership development, and advancement/career opportunities.Join us as we strive to be our communitys most caring business and you will be encouraged, developed and inspired.Fully complete the following application. We are located at 1942 Howell Mill Road Atlanta, GA 30318 OR at 1100 Northside Drive NW Atlanta, GA 30318.The responsibility of our kitchen staff is help us create Remark-able food experiences for our guests by producing the highest quality food as a team with precision and accuracy, continually observing and implementing the proper quality-assurance and food-safety procedures.You will see our guests smile and make their day better. If you love serving others, this may be just for you!What we offer:* Flexible, full-time or part-time schedules * A fun and encouraging work environment* Free Crave-able Chick-fil-A food every shift* Tuition Assistance and Scholarship opportunities* Competitive pay* Job advancement opportunities and career development This is not your typical fast food job...here at Chick- fil-A, youll have the opportunity to work closely with a fun, happy and energetic leadership team who are personally vested in your success. Your success is our success! Job opportunities as Cook / Food Prep / Kitchen Team Member / BOH Crew Member is generally offered as full-time or part-time restaurant job.* Big Smiles and a Cheerful Personality * * Love to Help and Serve Others * * Enjoys Fast-paced Food Production * * Values Teamwork * * Reliable Transportation and prompt attendance * * Able to engage with online learning tools * * Work Quickly and Efficiently * * Follow Food Safety and Cleanliness Procedures closely * * Maintain Proper Quality Parameters * Applicants will also be expected to be able work on their feet for several hours at a time and lift potentially heavy objects when necessary. * Prior experience as a cook, grill cook, fry cook, prep cook, line cook, chef, or restaurant crew member, team member, customer service or other BOH part time fast food jobs is not required but preferred. * We love previous Chick-fil-A experience!Jan 23, 2021Full timeAbout Chick-fil-A MidtownBuild your career or have a great part-time job working for one of the nation's most respected companies, Chick-fil-A! As one of the busiest Chick-fil-A franchise organizations, Chick-fil-A Midtown Atlanta is looking for friendly, smiling leaders and team members. We will help you grow as a part of our Chick-fil-A family.Flexible full-time or part-time schedules are available perfect for working around your school or life obligations.We offer you a great work environment with Sundays off, competitive pay, tuition assistance, scholarship opportunities, free food, 401K, vacation time, awesome training, leadership development, and advancement/career opportunities.Join us as we strive to be our communitys most caring business and you will be encouraged, developed and inspired.Fully complete the following application. We are located at 1942 Howell Mill Road Atlanta, GA 30318 OR at 1100 Northside Drive NW Atlanta, GA 30318.The responsibility of our kitchen staff is help us create Remark-able food experiences for our guests by producing the highest quality food as a team with precision and accuracy, continually observing and implementing the proper quality-assurance and food-safety procedures.You will see our guests smile and make their day better. If you love serving others, this may be just for you!What we offer:* Flexible, full-time or part-time schedules * A fun and encouraging work environment* Free Crave-able Chick-fil-A food every shift* Tuition Assistance and Scholarship opportunities* Competitive pay* Job advancement opportunities and career development This is not your typical fast food job...here at Chick- fil-A, youll have the opportunity to work closely with a fun, happy and energetic leadership team who are personally vested in your success. Your success is our success! Job opportunities as Cook / Food Prep / Kitchen Team Member / BOH Crew Member is generally offered as full-time or part-time restaurant job.* Big Smiles and a Cheerful Personality * * Love to Help and Serve Others * * Enjoys Fast-paced Food Production * * Values Teamwork * * Reliable Transportation and prompt attendance * * Able to engage with online learning tools * * Work Quickly and Efficiently * * Follow Food Safety and Cleanliness Procedures closely * * Maintain Proper Quality Parameters * Applicants will also be expected to be able work on their feet for several hours at a time and lift potentially heavy objects when necessary. * Prior experience as a cook, grill cook, fry cook, prep cook, line cook, chef, or restaurant crew member, team member, customer service or other BOH part time fast food jobs is not required but preferred. * We love previous Chick-fil-A experience!Fast Food Restaurant General ManagerGoodwin Recruiting Atlanta, GeorgiaAre you tired of working all night in your fast food concept? Do you want a better quality of life? Very solid fast food concept with no late-night hours is looking for a general manager to help in their expansion efforts. General Manager Benefits Include:They have excellent benefits (cover 91%) and managers typically work 50-55 hours a week. This franchise treats their managers very well and is looking for some high-energy people who really want to be the best. Of course, a strong salary and bonus are also included.General Manager Requirements:You should be able to demonstrate a solid understanding of cost controls, team building, and overall leadership skills. Solid work history with no more than 3 jobs in the past 5 years is important. You should also have great references to speak to your ability to develop your team.Jan 23, 2021Full timeAre you tired of working all night in your fast food concept? Do you want a better quality of life? Very solid fast food concept with no late-night hours is looking for a general manager to help in their expansion efforts. General Manager Benefits Include:They have excellent benefits (cover 91%) and managers typically work 50-55 hours a week. This franchise treats their managers very well and is looking for some high-energy people who really want to be the best. Of course, a strong salary and bonus are also included.General Manager Requirements:You should be able to demonstrate a solid understanding of cost controls, team building, and overall leadership skills. Solid work history with no more than 3 jobs in the past 5 years is important. You should also have great references to speak to your ability to develop your team.Guest Experience Expert - Front OfficeMarriott International Tate, GeorgiaPosting Date Jan 07, 2021Job Number Job Category Rooms & Guest Services OperationsLocation Atlanta Airport Marriott, 4711 Best Road, College Park, Georgia, United States VIEW ON MAP Brand Marriott Hotels ResortsSchedule Full-TimeRelocation? NPosition Type Non-ManagementMarriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels. Marriott Hotels, Marriott International's flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. JW Marriott is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you're happy, our guests will be happy. It's as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you'll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That's The JW Treatment™. JOB SUMMARYOur jobs aren't just about giving guests a smooth check-in and check-out. Instead, we want to build and experience that is memorable and unique. Our Guest Experience Experts take the initiative to deliver a wide range of services that guide guests through their entire stay. They are empowered to move about their space and do what needs to be done. Whether processing operational needs, addressing guest requests, completing reports, or sharing the highlights of the local area, the Guest Experience Expert makes transactions feel like part of the experience.No matter what position you are in, there are a few things that are critical to success - creating a safe work place, following company policies and procedures, maintaining confidentiality, protecting company assets, upholding quality standards, and ensuring your uniform, personal appearance, and communications are professional. Guest Experience Experts will be on their feet and moving around (stand, sit, or walk for an extended time) and taking a hands-on approach to work (move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance). Doing all these things well (and other reasonable job duties as requested) is critical for Guest Experience Experts - to get it right for our guests and our business each and every time.Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.Jan 23, 2021Full timePosting Date Jan 07, 2021Job Number Job Category Rooms & Guest Services OperationsLocation Atlanta Airport Marriott, 4711 Best Road, College Park, Georgia, United States VIEW ON MAP Brand Marriott Hotels ResortsSchedule Full-TimeRelocation? NPosition Type Non-ManagementMarriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels. Marriott Hotels, Marriott International's flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. JW Marriott is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you're happy, our guests will be happy. It's as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you'll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That's The JW Treatment™. JOB SUMMARYOur jobs aren't just about giving guests a smooth check-in and check-out. Instead, we want to build and experience that is memorable and unique. Our Guest Experience Experts take the initiative to deliver a wide range of services that guide guests through their entire stay. They are empowered to move about their space and do what needs to be done. Whether processing operational needs, addressing guest requests, completing reports, or sharing the highlights of the local area, the Guest Experience Expert makes transactions feel like part of the experience.No matter what position you are in, there are a few things that are critical to success - creating a safe work place, following company policies and procedures, maintaining confidentiality, protecting company assets, upholding quality standards, and ensuring your uniform, personal appearance, and communications are professional. Guest Experience Experts will be on their feet and moving around (stand, sit, or walk for an extended time) and taking a hands-on approach to work (move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance). Doing all these things well (and other reasonable job duties as requested) is critical for Guest Experience Experts - to get it right for our guests and our business each and every time.Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.KFC Assistant Restaurant ManagerKFC Atlanta, TexasDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're looking to be a manager of your own business but don't know how to get started, check out our Assistant Restaurant Manager position. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager, you are second in command of a $1 million+ business. Working with your Restaurant General Manager, you grow the business by making our customers' day. And when you do, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. At KFC, what you do matters! So if you want to be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today!Jan 23, 2021Description At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're looking to be a manager of your own business but don't know how to get started, check out our Assistant Restaurant Manager position. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager, you are second in command of a $1 million+ business. Working with your Restaurant General Manager, you grow the business by making our customers' day. And when you do, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. At KFC, what you do matters! So if you want to be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today!KFC Assistant Restaurant ManagerKFC Atlanta, TexasDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're looking to be a manager of your own business but don't know how to get started, check out our Assistant Restaurant Manager position. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager, you are second in command of a $1 million+ business. Working with your Restaurant General Manager, you grow the business by making our customers' day. And when you do, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. At KFC, what you do matters! So if you want to be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today!Jan 22, 2021Full timeDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're looking to be a manager of your own business but don't know how to get started, check out our Assistant Restaurant Manager position. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager, you are second in command of a $1 million+ business. Working with your Restaurant General Manager, you grow the business by making our customers' day. And when you do, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. At KFC, what you do matters! So if you want to be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today!Executive Chef 1Sodexo Atlanta, GeorgiaA passion for helping people and attention to detail are the hallmarks of your success. Join a team where you can make a difference Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 1 for Grady Healthcare located in Atlanta, GA. This is a high impact, high visibility position that is responsible for enhancing our patient satisfaction and retail customer dining experience through culinary creativity, food presentation and overall leadership presence at this outstanding account. Grady Health, is the public hospital for the city of Atlanta. It is the fifth-largest public hospital in the United States, and one of the busiest Level 1 trauma system in the country. It is the flagship of the Grady Health System. The successful candidate will: implement and standardize all culinary systems and procedures for hospital: Catering, Retail menus, LTO'S, STG, Mindful, garnishing, panning charts, production, puree standardization, FMS sheets, inventory control, HACCP, cleaning schedules, staffing plans, presentation and quality of food, kitchen cleanliness, safety, etc. Sodexo standards will be the benchmark; FMS: monitoring, Audits, implementation and standardization for new menus; be responsible for Food and Physical Safety and annual training for all hourly associates; Gold Check audits: conduct audits, create action plans based on audit findings. Responsible for keeping and updating GC audit books; Procurement: Work with vendors on procurement items. Responsible for purchasing manager and purchasing financial audits; continue sustainability program with the direction of Director of Culinary Operations; improve and standardize catering and banquet services, create menus based on client needs; implement innovative and fresh ideas in retail, catering and patient services; and/or create interpersonal relationships with clients in hospital. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of standards and implements company policies; strong management skills and previous experience working in a high-volume facility; high end catering and dining experience and a passion for culinary arts; a strong production culinary background, ideally in an up-scale restaurant/retail/catering environment; experience leading and engaging a culinary team, with exceptional human resource and supervisory/management skillset; menu planning experience and a strong understanding of current culinary trends; proven to effectively communicate to multiple audiences and develop strong relationships with customers; the ability to multitask and proven effectiveness in a high-standards driven environment; a strong understanding of forecasting, food cost management, purchasing, inventory and labor management concepts; the ability to successfully lead, develop and train a team; creative and effective problem-solving and project management skills; proficient computer skills as well as exceptional organizational and customer services skills; Servsafe certified as well as working knowledge of HACCP and experience with Health and Safety audits; and/or C.E.C. (Certified Executive Chef) a plus. Learn more about Grady Health at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Health Care, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a small sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution Key Duties -Executes the culinary function -Customer & Client satisfaction -Manages food & physical safety program. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 2 years Basic Functional Experience - 1 year work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Jan 21, 2021A passion for helping people and attention to detail are the hallmarks of your success. Join a team where you can make a difference Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 1 for Grady Healthcare located in Atlanta, GA. This is a high impact, high visibility position that is responsible for enhancing our patient satisfaction and retail customer dining experience through culinary creativity, food presentation and overall leadership presence at this outstanding account. Grady Health, is the public hospital for the city of Atlanta. It is the fifth-largest public hospital in the United States, and one of the busiest Level 1 trauma system in the country. It is the flagship of the Grady Health System. The successful candidate will: implement and standardize all culinary systems and procedures for hospital: Catering, Retail menus, LTO'S, STG, Mindful, garnishing, panning charts, production, puree standardization, FMS sheets, inventory control, HACCP, cleaning schedules, staffing plans, presentation and quality of food, kitchen cleanliness, safety, etc. Sodexo standards will be the benchmark; FMS: monitoring, Audits, implementation and standardization for new menus; be responsible for Food and Physical Safety and annual training for all hourly associates; Gold Check audits: conduct audits, create action plans based on audit findings. Responsible for keeping and updating GC audit books; Procurement: Work with vendors on procurement items. Responsible for purchasing manager and purchasing financial audits; continue sustainability program with the direction of Director of Culinary Operations; improve and standardize catering and banquet services, create menus based on client needs; implement innovative and fresh ideas in retail, catering and patient services; and/or create interpersonal relationships with clients in hospital. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of standards and implements company policies; strong management skills and previous experience working in a high-volume facility; high end catering and dining experience and a passion for culinary arts; a strong production culinary background, ideally in an up-scale restaurant/retail/catering environment; experience leading and engaging a culinary team, with exceptional human resource and supervisory/management skillset; menu planning experience and a strong understanding of current culinary trends; proven to effectively communicate to multiple audiences and develop strong relationships with customers; the ability to multitask and proven effectiveness in a high-standards driven environment; a strong understanding of forecasting, food cost management, purchasing, inventory and labor management concepts; the ability to successfully lead, develop and train a team; creative and effective problem-solving and project management skills; proficient computer skills as well as exceptional organizational and customer services skills; Servsafe certified as well as working knowledge of HACCP and experience with Health and Safety audits; and/or C.E.C. (Certified Executive Chef) a plus. Learn more about Grady Health at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Health Care, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a small sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution Key Duties -Executes the culinary function -Customer & Client satisfaction -Manages food & physical safety program. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 2 years Basic Functional Experience - 1 year work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Executive Chef 3Sodexo Atlanta, GeorgiaDo you strive to create amazing culinary experiences? Join a great team where people and patients are at the heart of everything we do! Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 3 for Grady Health located in Atlanta, GA . This is a high impact, high visibility position that is responsible for enhancing our patient satisfaction and retail customer dining experience through culinary creativity, food presentation and overall leadership presence at this outstanding account. The successful candidate will: directly manage retail, patient feeding, catering chefs as well as purchasing and catering manager; maintain chef/manager schedules; cover chefs/manager schedule as needed; be responsible for yearly evaluation and goals for chefs and managers through the use of Ingenium; implement and standardize all culinary systems and procedures for hospital: Catering, Retail menus, LTO's, STG, Mindful, garnishing, panning charts, production, puree standardization, FMS sheets, inventory control, HACCP, cleaning schedules, staffing plans, presentation and quality of food, kitchen cleanliness, safety, etc. Sodexo standards will be the benchmark; monitor, audit, implement and standardize new menus; be responsible for Food and Physical Safety and annual training for all hourly associates; conduct audits, create action plans based on audit findings and be responsible for keeping and updating GC audit books; work with vendors on procurement items; be responsible for purchasing manager and purchasing financial audits; continue sustainability program with the direction of Director of Culinary Operations; conduct yearly culinary foundations training to all cooks; guide chefs in unit to ACF certification with guidance from Director of Culinary Operations; improve and standardize catering and banquet services, create menus based on client needs; implement innovative and fresh ideas in retail, catering and patient services; and/or create interpersonal relationships with clients in hospital. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of standards and implements company policies; strong management skills and previous experience working in a high-volume facility; high end catering and dining experience and a passion for culinary arts; experience with authentic global cuisine (highly desirable); a strong production culinary background, ideally in an up-scale restaurant/retail/catering environment; demonstrated experience leading and engaging a culinary team and exceptional human resource and supervisory/management skillset; menu planning experience and a strong understanding of current culinary trends; the ability to effectively communicate to multiple audiences and develop strong relationships with customers; the ability to multitask and proven effectiveness in a high-standards driven environment; a strong understanding of forecasting, food cost management, purchasing, inventory and labor management concepts; the ability to successfully lead, develop and train a team; the ability to creatively and effectively problem-solve and manage projects; proficient computer skills as well as exceptional organizational and customer services skills; Servsafe certified as well as working knowledge of HACCP and experience with Health and Safety audits; and/or C.E.C. (Certified Executive Chef) a plus. Learn more about Grady Health at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Healthcare, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a large sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution. Key Duties - Implements & coordinates the culinary function. - Directs & trains cooks & utility workers. - Ensures food preparation & production meets operational standards. - Manages catering & retail areas. - Customer & Client satisfaction. - Financial management to include food cost & labor management. - Manages food & physical safety programs. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 3 years Basic Functional Experience - 3 years work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Jan 21, 2021Full timeDo you strive to create amazing culinary experiences? Join a great team where people and patients are at the heart of everything we do! Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 3 for Grady Health located in Atlanta, GA . This is a high impact, high visibility position that is responsible for enhancing our patient satisfaction and retail customer dining experience through culinary creativity, food presentation and overall leadership presence at this outstanding account. The successful candidate will: directly manage retail, patient feeding, catering chefs as well as purchasing and catering manager; maintain chef/manager schedules; cover chefs/manager schedule as needed; be responsible for yearly evaluation and goals for chefs and managers through the use of Ingenium; implement and standardize all culinary systems and procedures for hospital: Catering, Retail menus, LTO's, STG, Mindful, garnishing, panning charts, production, puree standardization, FMS sheets, inventory control, HACCP, cleaning schedules, staffing plans, presentation and quality of food, kitchen cleanliness, safety, etc. Sodexo standards will be the benchmark; monitor, audit, implement and standardize new menus; be responsible for Food and Physical Safety and annual training for all hourly associates; conduct audits, create action plans based on audit findings and be responsible for keeping and updating GC audit books; work with vendors on procurement items; be responsible for purchasing manager and purchasing financial audits; continue sustainability program with the direction of Director of Culinary Operations; conduct yearly culinary foundations training to all cooks; guide chefs in unit to ACF certification with guidance from Director of Culinary Operations; improve and standardize catering and banquet services, create menus based on client needs; implement innovative and fresh ideas in retail, catering and patient services; and/or create interpersonal relationships with clients in hospital. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of standards and implements company policies; strong management skills and previous experience working in a high-volume facility; high end catering and dining experience and a passion for culinary arts; experience with authentic global cuisine (highly desirable); a strong production culinary background, ideally in an up-scale restaurant/retail/catering environment; demonstrated experience leading and engaging a culinary team and exceptional human resource and supervisory/management skillset; menu planning experience and a strong understanding of current culinary trends; the ability to effectively communicate to multiple audiences and develop strong relationships with customers; the ability to multitask and proven effectiveness in a high-standards driven environment; a strong understanding of forecasting, food cost management, purchasing, inventory and labor management concepts; the ability to successfully lead, develop and train a team; the ability to creatively and effectively problem-solve and manage projects; proficient computer skills as well as exceptional organizational and customer services skills; Servsafe certified as well as working knowledge of HACCP and experience with Health and Safety audits; and/or C.E.C. (Certified Executive Chef) a plus. Learn more about Grady Health at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Healthcare, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a large sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution. Key Duties - Implements & coordinates the culinary function. - Directs & trains cooks & utility workers. - Ensures food preparation & production meets operational standards. - Manages catering & retail areas. - Customer & Client satisfaction. - Financial management to include food cost & labor management. - Manages food & physical safety programs. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 3 years Basic Functional Experience - 3 years work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Executive Chef 1Sodexo Atlanta, GeorgiaA passion for helping people and attention to detail are the hallmarks of your success. Join a team where you can make a difference Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 1 for Grady Healthcare located in Atlanta, GA. This is a high impact, high visibility position that is responsible for enhancing our patient satisfaction and retail customer dining experience through culinary creativity, food presentation and overall leadership presence at this outstanding account. Grady Health, is the public hospital for the city of Atlanta. It is the fifth-largest public hospital in the United States, and one of the busiest Level 1 trauma system in the country. It is the flagship of the Grady Health System. The successful candidate will: implement and standardize all culinary systems and procedures for hospital: Catering, Retail menus, LTO'S, STG, Mindful, garnishing, panning charts, production, puree standardization, FMS sheets, inventory control, HACCP, cleaning schedules, staffing plans, presentation and quality of food, kitchen cleanliness, safety, etc. Sodexo standards will be the benchmark; FMS: monitoring, Audits, implementation and standardization for new menus; be responsible for Food and Physical Safety and annual training for all hourly associates; Gold Check audits: conduct audits, create action plans based on audit findings. Responsible for keeping and updating GC audit books; Procurement: Work with vendors on procurement items. Responsible for purchasing manager and purchasing financial audits; continue sustainability program with the direction of Director of Culinary Operations; improve and standardize catering and banquet services, create menus based on client needs; implement innovative and fresh ideas in retail, catering and patient services; and/or create interpersonal relationships with clients in hospital. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of standards and implements company policies; strong management skills and previous experience working in a high-volume facility; high end catering and dining experience and a passion for culinary arts; a strong production culinary background, ideally in an up-scale restaurant/retail/catering environment; experience leading and engaging a culinary team, with exceptional human resource and supervisory/management skillset; menu planning experience and a strong understanding of current culinary trends; proven to effectively communicate to multiple audiences and develop strong relationships with customers; the ability to multitask and proven effectiveness in a high-standards driven environment; a strong understanding of forecasting, food cost management, purchasing, inventory and labor management concepts; the ability to successfully lead, develop and train a team; creative and effective problem-solving and project management skills; proficient computer skills as well as exceptional organizational and customer services skills; Servsafe certified as well as working knowledge of HACCP and experience with Health and Safety audits; and/or C.E.C. (Certified Executive Chef) a plus. Learn more about Grady Health at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Health Care, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a small sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution Key Duties -Executes the culinary function -Customer & Client satisfaction -Manages food & physical safety program. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 2 years Basic Functional Experience - 1 year work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Jan 16, 2021Full timeA passion for helping people and attention to detail are the hallmarks of your success. Join a team where you can make a difference Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 1 for Grady Healthcare located in Atlanta, GA. This is a high impact, high visibility position that is responsible for enhancing our patient satisfaction and retail customer dining experience through culinary creativity, food presentation and overall leadership presence at this outstanding account. Grady Health, is the public hospital for the city of Atlanta. It is the fifth-largest public hospital in the United States, and one of the busiest Level 1 trauma system in the country. It is the flagship of the Grady Health System. The successful candidate will: implement and standardize all culinary systems and procedures for hospital: Catering, Retail menus, LTO'S, STG, Mindful, garnishing, panning charts, production, puree standardization, FMS sheets, inventory control, HACCP, cleaning schedules, staffing plans, presentation and quality of food, kitchen cleanliness, safety, etc. Sodexo standards will be the benchmark; FMS: monitoring, Audits, implementation and standardization for new menus; be responsible for Food and Physical Safety and annual training for all hourly associates; Gold Check audits: conduct audits, create action plans based on audit findings. Responsible for keeping and updating GC audit books; Procurement: Work with vendors on procurement items. Responsible for purchasing manager and purchasing financial audits; continue sustainability program with the direction of Director of Culinary Operations; improve and standardize catering and banquet services, create menus based on client needs; implement innovative and fresh ideas in retail, catering and patient services; and/or create interpersonal relationships with clients in hospital. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of standards and implements company policies; strong management skills and previous experience working in a high-volume facility; high end catering and dining experience and a passion for culinary arts; a strong production culinary background, ideally in an up-scale restaurant/retail/catering environment; experience leading and engaging a culinary team, with exceptional human resource and supervisory/management skillset; menu planning experience and a strong understanding of current culinary trends; proven to effectively communicate to multiple audiences and develop strong relationships with customers; the ability to multitask and proven effectiveness in a high-standards driven environment; a strong understanding of forecasting, food cost management, purchasing, inventory and labor management concepts; the ability to successfully lead, develop and train a team; creative and effective problem-solving and project management skills; proficient computer skills as well as exceptional organizational and customer services skills; Servsafe certified as well as working knowledge of HACCP and experience with Health and Safety audits; and/or C.E.C. (Certified Executive Chef) a plus. Learn more about Grady Health at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Health Care, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a small sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution Key Duties -Executes the culinary function -Customer & Client satisfaction -Manages food & physical safety program. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 2 years Basic Functional Experience - 1 year work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Human Resources Manager - HospitalityRobert Half Plano, TexasRef ID: 04809439 Classification: Human Resources Manager - Hospitality Compensation: $40.00 to $48.00 hourly Our Plano restaurant client is seeking a Human Resources Manager for a contract to hire opportunity. This is 50/50 remote and in office. Company is in growth mode, opening stores at a rapid pace. Dallas, Houston, Chicago and Atlanta. •Onboarding •Recruiting •Payroll - approx. 700 employees 60 are corporate •Must have Multi state HR •Benefits •Payroll •Basic payroll adjustments - bi-weekly •Deductions, garnishments •Oversight of recruiter •Weekly review with recruiter and directors of restaurant operations •Unemployment •Benefit enrollment •Employee relations •Evaluate applicant tracking system For consideration please email resume to and . Thank you. Job Requirements: 1.Must have Degree or HR Certification (will substitute for experience) 2.Payroll Experience (reporting) 3.Minimum of 5 years' experience 4.Restaurant, hospitality or retail experience 5.Large company For consideration please email resume to and . Thank you. Robert Half Management Resources matches senior-level financial consultants with remote or on-site jobs for interim and long-term opportunities in areas such as internal auditing, mergers and acquisitions, tax initiatives, and much more. Our staffing professionals can promote you to employers and advocate on your behalf. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. For more opportunities, get the Robert Half app and receive instant notifications when our AI matches your skills and experience with jobs. When you work with us, you're working with the best. Robert Half has been recognized as one of FORTUNE's \"Most Admired Companies\" every year since 1998 and was named to Forbes' inaugural list of America's Best Temporary Staffing Firms. Questions? Call your local office at 1.. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit for more information. © 2020 Robert Half Management Resources. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking \"Apply Now,\" you're agreeing to Robert Half's Terms of Use ( ).Jan 13, 2021Full timeRef ID: 04809439 Classification: Human Resources Manager - Hospitality Compensation: $40.00 to $48.00 hourly Our Plano restaurant client is seeking a Human Resources Manager for a contract to hire opportunity. This is 50/50 remote and in office. Company is in growth mode, opening stores at a rapid pace. Dallas, Houston, Chicago and Atlanta. •Onboarding •Recruiting •Payroll - approx. 700 employees 60 are corporate •Must have Multi state HR •Benefits •Payroll •Basic payroll adjustments - bi-weekly •Deductions, garnishments •Oversight of recruiter •Weekly review with recruiter and directors of restaurant operations •Unemployment •Benefit enrollment •Employee relations •Evaluate applicant tracking system For consideration please email resume to and . Thank you. Job Requirements: 1.Must have Degree or HR Certification (will substitute for experience) 2.Payroll Experience (reporting) 3.Minimum of 5 years' experience 4.Restaurant, hospitality or retail experience 5.Large company For consideration please email resume to and . Thank you. Robert Half Management Resources matches senior-level financial consultants with remote or on-site jobs for interim and long-term opportunities in areas such as internal auditing, mergers and acquisitions, tax initiatives, and much more. Our staffing professionals can promote you to employers and advocate on your behalf. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. For more opportunities, get the Robert Half app and receive instant notifications when our AI matches your skills and experience with jobs. When you work with us, you're working with the best. Robert Half has been recognized as one of FORTUNE's \"Most Admired Companies\" every year since 1998 and was named to Forbes' inaugural list of America's Best Temporary Staffing Firms. Questions? Call your local office at 1.. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit for more information. © 2020 Robert Half Management Resources. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking \"Apply Now,\" you're agreeing to Robert Half's Terms of Use ( ).Load moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App© 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
