"Machine Learning Engineer | Bristol Jobs | Data Recruitment | Jobs from ADLIB RecruitmentJobsServicesSectorsBlogThe TeamB CorpJoin ADLIBContactThis job is no longer available.You can view related vacancies or set-up an email alert notification when similar jobs are added to the website using the buttons below.Sign up to AlertsSearch live jobs	29th MayMachine Learning Engineer— Exciting Health-Tech CompanyLocation:BristolType:PermanentSalary:£40000 - £50000Ref:10677Apply Shortlist Ask a questionPioneering Medical Devices business.Central Bristol offices with excellent transport links.Work on patented technology that will change the lives of millions.Would you like to join an innovative company, using cutting-edge technology with the aim to make a real difference in people’s lives? If that sounds like the role for you, I’m currently working with a Medical Devices company based in Bristol who’d be keen to speak with you.What you’ll be doingThe company is at the forefront of their field and in the process of developing a product that will revolutionise disease screening. This role will primarily involve the creation and deployment of Machine Learning models to help support the development of the company’s applications.You’ll be able to get involved in a wide range of activities and give you the opportunity to learn a great deal working with colleagues who are experts in their field. This is a broad role with the chance to get stuck in with a range to tools and technologies.What experience you’ll need to applyA Masters or PhD in a technology related field (e.g. Computer Science, STEM or Engineering etc.)Experience building deep learning models and scalable machine learning systems.Programming skills in Python, Matlab or R.Experience with either Ultrasound, MRI or CT imaging would be very beneficial.Communication skills are key in this one as you’ll be interacting with people across the business as well as stakeholders outside of it.What you’ll get in return for your experienceThe salary on this one is between £40K - £50K alongside a great working environment with a supportive and knowledgeable team. You’ll also be working at the forefront of some truly novel technology that will change the lives of millions. There will also be the opportunity to really grow into the role with clear career progression opportunities.What next?If this sounds like the role for you, get in touch with Adam with your updated CV and we’ll handle the rest.Apply Shortlist Ask a question Sign up for job alertsSearch live jobs	This job has now been filled but you may be interested in:12th JanLead Data Strategist— Awesome Digital AgencyExcellent opportunity to work on behalf of leading brands formulating the strategies for their customer analytics Manage 2 Digital Analysts and grow out a new Data team Fantastic clients and colleagues This is a great opportunity to join this awesome digital agency and help grow out their data & analytics offering. They are investing more and more into data & analytics services and have a great demand for this from their clients. What you’ll be doing You will work alongside the Strategy team and be responsible for all of the data & analytics strategy work with clients and will manage a team of 2 analysts already in place. You will work on projects spanning data & analytics including customer retention, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data science and AI. This is a management role, client facing and project driven. You will begin with a team of 2 Analysts and grow this further with more technical resource to enable the business to work on more data science related projects for their clients. What experience you’ll need to apply Solid experience in either agency or client side working on customer data projects. Knowledge and understanding of marketing analytics, CRM, digital analytics and data science. Excellent communication skills to face of to clients. People management experience. Experience of working on technical data science related projects. Hands on skills are not a pre-requisite for this role but are a nice to have. What you’ll get in return for your experience A competitive salary of £60K - £80K + benefits What’s next Please get in touch with Alex with an up to date CV today. Don’t hesitate to call / email to discuss the finer details.Location:BristolType:PermanentSalary:£60K - £80KExcellent opportunity to work on behalf of leading brands formulating the strategies for their customer analytics Manage 2 Digital Analysts and grow out a new Data team Fantastic clients and colleagues This is a great opportunity to join this awesome digital agency and help grow out their data & analytics offering. They are investing more and more into data & analytics services and have a great demand for this from their clients. What you’ll be doing You will work alongside the Strategy team and be responsible for all of the data & analytics strategy work with clients and will manage a team of 2 analysts already in place. You will work on projects spanning data & analytics including customer retention, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data science and AI. This is a management role, client facing and project driven. You will begin with a team of 2 Analysts and grow this further with more technical resource to enable the business to work on more data science related projects for their clients. What experience you’ll need to apply Solid experience in either agency or client side working on customer data projects. Knowledge and understanding of marketing analytics, CRM, digital analytics and data science. Excellent communication skills to face of to clients. People management experience. Experience of working on technical data science related projects. Hands on skills are not a pre-requisite for this role but are a nice to have. What you’ll get in return for your experience A competitive salary of £60K - £80K + benefits What’s next Please get in touch with Alex with an up to date CV today. Don’t hesitate to call / email to discuss the finer details.16th DecData Scientist— Great company to work forExciting, rapidly moving and innovative working environment. Great working environment with a supportive and socialable team. Responsibility for day one and the ability to set direction and work hands-on. Are you a Data Scientist looking to move into a new role at a company voted one of the best places to work in the UK? If so, I'm currently working with a company who'd be keen to speak with you. What you'll be doing Primarily looking at customer data you’ll be using data modelling, machine learning and analytics to help this company understand their users better and use it to develop their products further. Using data from a range of sources you will be looking at customer engagement, life-cycle and churn to improve their existing products and processes as well as generate new exciting ideas. You will also be championing data science across the company and local network to promote the use of data and data science. This is a broad role with the chance to get stuck in with a range to tools and technologies What experience you'll need to apply Over 3 years’ experience working in a Data Science/Machine Learning role Experience managing and mentoring junior data scientists/analysts. A MSc or PhD in a technology related field (e.g. Computer Science, STEM or Engineering etc.) Experience using Neural Networks and Deep Learning (using libraries like Keras, Tensorflow or PyTorch). Programming skills in Python ideally (using libraries like Pandas, Numpy and Scikit-learn) Communication skills are key in this one as well as the ability to work well both in a team and alone. What you'll get in return for your experience The salary on offer here is between £50K - £60K alongside a range of benefits including, flexible working hours, shares in the business, generous pension package, plenty of discounts and more. What next? If this sounds like the role for you, get in touch with Adam with your updated CV and we'll handle the rest.Location:BristolType:PermanentSalary:£50000 - £60000Exciting, rapidly moving and innovative working environment. Great working environment with a supportive and socialable team. Responsibility for day one and the ability to set direction and work hands-on. Are you a Data Scientist looking to move into a new role at a company voted one of the best places to work in the UK? If so, I'm currently working with a company who'd be keen to speak with you. What you'll be doing Primarily looking at customer data you’ll be using data modelling, machine learning and analytics to help this company understand their users better and use it to develop their products further. Using data from a range of sources you will be looking at customer engagement, life-cycle and churn to improve their existing products and processes as well as generate new exciting ideas. You will also be championing data science across the company and local network to promote the use of data and data science. This is a broad role with the chance to get stuck in with a range to tools and technologies What experience you'll need to apply Over 3 years’ experience working in a Data Science/Machine Learning role Experience managing and mentoring junior data scientists/analysts. A MSc or PhD in a technology related field (e.g. Computer Science, STEM or Engineering etc.) Experience using Neural Networks and Deep Learning (using libraries like Keras, Tensorflow or PyTorch). Programming skills in Python ideally (using libraries like Pandas, Numpy and Scikit-learn) Communication skills are key in this one as well as the ability to work well both in a team and alone. What you'll get in return for your experience The salary on offer here is between £50K - £60K alongside a range of benefits including, flexible working hours, shares in the business, generous pension package, plenty of discounts and more. What next? If this sounds like the role for you, get in touch with Adam with your updated CV and we'll handle the rest.15th JanDigital Performance & Optimisation Executive— Thriving Retail BusinessFully remote / Part remote working options available. Opportunity to shape digital performance strategy. Successful retail business with ambitious growth plans. This is an exciting role in a high performing Marketing team. Reporting to the Digital Manager, your role is to enhance the performance of digital channels by developing, reviewing and constantly optimising the performance of the website. This role will initially focus on the successful launch of a new website and will then widen to include other digital initiatives and channels. This is a highly collaborative position, in which you'll also work with the Campaigns Team with to track and analyse marketing campaigns across multiple channels. What you’ll be doing Experienced in using analytics and A/B testing to drive actionable insight, your time will initially focus on successful customer adoption of a new website and constant improvement of this to achieve key launch KPI’s. Once launched, you will quickly move onto ongoing optimisation of the site for key customer journeys and on-site goals, testing any enhancements and fixes and identifying further improvements based on on-site customer behaviour. There is a programme of further website development work planned and you will use insight and analytics to make recommendations, challenge and refine proposals. With a successful track record in customer acquisition you will propose and implement a plan with the potential to cover SEO, influencer marketing, online advertising and/or lead capture where there is a clear commercial benefit. Supported by the Campaigns team for any content requirements for your digital plans, you will work collaboratively with them, sharing best practice and briefing on content requirements to achieve your goals. Furthermore, this business is keen to stay ahead of the curve in their use of digital, so you will be alert to new technologies and opportunities that will help them achieve its growth targets and strategic aims. What experience you’ll need to apply Demonstrable success within a similar Digital Performance, Digital Analyst, or eCommerce Merchandising role. Experience using analytics tools and testing to optimise a website and drive conversions. An understanding of digital acquisition channels such as SEO and PPC. Customer-centric approach and excellent communications skills. Exceptional organisational skills, with the ability to plan and prioritise large projects and foresee problems before they arise. Strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to logically. Highly commercial mind-set. What you’ll get in return for your experience A salary of up to £35k is on offer, alongside the ability to work remotely, with the expectation being to travel to the office in Devon two days per month. What's next? This is an urgent requirement, so please send your CV through ASAP to be considered and receive more information.Location:RemoteType:PermanentSalary:£30-35kFully remote / Part remote working options available. Opportunity to shape digital performance strategy. Successful retail business with ambitious growth plans. This is an exciting role in a high performing Marketing team. Reporting to the Digital Manager, your role is to enhance the performance of digital channels by developing, reviewing and constantly optimising the performance of the website. This role will initially focus on the successful launch of a new website and will then widen to include other digital initiatives and channels. This is a highly collaborative position, in which you'll also work with the Campaigns Team with to track and analyse marketing campaigns across multiple channels. What you’ll be doing Experienced in using analytics and A/B testing to drive actionable insight, your time will initially focus on successful customer adoption of a new website and constant improvement of this to achieve key launch KPI’s. Once launched, you will quickly move onto ongoing optimisation of the site for key customer journeys and on-site goals, testing any enhancements and fixes and identifying further improvements based on on-site customer behaviour. There is a programme of further website development work planned and you will use insight and analytics to make recommendations, challenge and refine proposals. With a successful track record in customer acquisition you will propose and implement a plan with the potential to cover SEO, influencer marketing, online advertising and/or lead capture where there is a clear commercial benefit. Supported by the Campaigns team for any content requirements for your digital plans, you will work collaboratively with them, sharing best practice and briefing on content requirements to achieve your goals. Furthermore, this business is keen to stay ahead of the curve in their use of digital, so you will be alert to new technologies and opportunities that will help them achieve its growth targets and strategic aims. What experience you’ll need to apply Demonstrable success within a similar Digital Performance, Digital Analyst, or eCommerce Merchandising role. Experience using analytics tools and testing to optimise a website and drive conversions. An understanding of digital acquisition channels such as SEO and PPC. Customer-centric approach and excellent communications skills. Exceptional organisational skills, with the ability to plan and prioritise large projects and foresee problems before they arise. Strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to logically. Highly commercial mind-set. What you’ll get in return for your experience A salary of up to £35k is on offer, alongside the ability to work remotely, with the expectation being to travel to the office in Devon two days per month. What's next? This is an urgent requirement, so please send your CV through ASAP to be considered and receive more information.Job alerts News updates About ADLIB Join ADLIB Specialisms Privacy & cookies Sitemap ContactCall: 0117 926 9530Email: hello@adlib-recruitment.co.ukCompany registered in England and Wales No: 5138584. Member of APSCo.Follow us×Sign in to your accountSign inForget your Password ?click here to reset your passwordNot got an account? Please register hereRegister×Reset PasswordPlease enter your email address below to receive a link to reset your password via email.CancelReset Password"
