"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs21 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWildland and Forest Fire Control Environmental Planning - NEPA Climate Change/ ResiliencyRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (744) Environmental Science - Engineering (23) Sustainability (22) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (17) Management (16) Waste Management - Recycling (16)Conservation/ Natural Resources (15) Biology - Ecology (13) Advocacy and Policy (13) Communication - Public Outreach (13) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (11) Water Quality (11) Research (10) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (9) Energy Efficiency (7) Wildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity (6) Environmental Protection (6) Environmental & Energy Law (5) Renewable Energy (5) Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains (5) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (5) Cultural Resources (4) Energy (4) Air Quality (4) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (4) Administrator/Executive (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Business Development (2) Law Enforcement (2) Parks (2) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Faculty/Instructor (1) Technology (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (6) California (5) Colorado (2) Ohio (2) Remote (2) District of Columbia (1)Florida (1) Maryland (1) New York (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSenior Recreation PlannerSouth Florida Water Management West Palm Beach, FL, USASenior Recreation Planner South Florida Water Management District West Palm Beach, FL Job Description This experienced Senior Recreation Planning position participates in complex planning projects administered by the Land Stewardship Section and performs a variety of functions to ensure public use and nature-based recreation on District lands is properly planned and delivered. Conducts a wide range of planning and administrative activities requiring a comprehensive knowledge and expertise in developing and managing recreational use on public lands acquired through a combination of past work experience and formal educational training. Serves as the senior planner for developing and administering public use and recreation programs, developing inter-agency and non-governmental partnership agreements to enhance recreational opportunities on District managed lands, and coordinating public use activities with other governmental and non-governmental...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Recreation Planner South Florida Water Management District West Palm Beach, FL Job Description This experienced Senior Recreation Planning position participates in complex planning projects administered by the Land Stewardship Section and performs a variety of functions to ensure public use and nature-based recreation on District lands is properly planned and delivered. Conducts a wide range of planning and administrative activities requiring a comprehensive knowledge and expertise in developing and managing recreational use on public lands acquired through a combination of past work experience and formal educational training. Serves as the senior planner for developing and administering public use and recreation programs, developing inter-agency and non-governmental partnership agreements to enhance recreational opportunities on District managed lands, and coordinating public use activities with other governmental and non-governmental...Sustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Program Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Board MemberHudson Center for Community and Environment RemoteHudson Center for Community and Environment is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, protect, and restore the Hudson River Valley of New York and its associated communities, provide innovative environmental programs and advocacy, and promote environmental justice. We currently seek volunteer board members that support and share our mission, can help plan our activities, can attend occasional events in the region, and participate in our bi-monthly virtual meetings. We encourage a diverse range of applicants, particularly those who are interested in environmental protection and preservation of the Hudson River Valley and its associated communities.Dec 29, 2020Flexible - Several OptionsHudson Center for Community and Environment is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, protect, and restore the Hudson River Valley of New York and its associated communities, provide innovative environmental programs and advocacy, and promote environmental justice. We currently seek volunteer board members that support and share our mission, can help plan our activities, can attend occasional events in the region, and participate in our bi-monthly virtual meetings. We encourage a diverse range of applicants, particularly those who are interested in environmental protection and preservation of the Hudson River Valley and its associated communities.Manager, Policy, Communications and MarketingCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Manager, TransportationCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Senior Manager, Environmental Justice PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Senior Manager, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Jan 25, 2021Senior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...CEQA/NEPA Practice LeadSWCA San Diego, CA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Southern California. This is a newly created position, and the successful candidate will possess: strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines (e.g., energy and utilities, land development, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies), a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, a history of successfully managing large-scale and complex projects, and a self-motivated, can-do attitude. The Lead will: develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, meet financial and strategic growth goals, and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Southern California. This is a newly created position, and the successful candidate will possess: strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines (e.g., energy and utilities, land development, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies), a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, a history of successfully managing large-scale and complex projects, and a self-motivated, can-do attitude. The Lead will: develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, meet financial and strategic growth goals, and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a...Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead (San Francisco)SWCA San Francisco, CA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly-experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Northern California. The ideal candidate will: P ossess strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines ( g., energy and utilities , land develop ment, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies) , Maintain a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, Manage large-scale and complex projects, Develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, Meet financial and strategic growth goals, and Demonstrate a self-motivated, can-do attitude and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a career growth opportunity to join SWCA’s expanding California...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly-experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Northern California. The ideal candidate will: P ossess strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines ( g., energy and utilities , land develop ment, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies) , Maintain a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, Manage large-scale and complex projects, Develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, Meet financial and strategic growth goals, and Demonstrate a self-motivated, can-do attitude and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a career growth opportunity to join SWCA’s expanding California...Lead Analyst - SustainabilityNew York Power Authority White Plains, NY, USASummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Senior CEQA/NEPA Project Manager, Environmental AnalysisMIG, Inc. San Jose, Sacramento, or Berkeley, CAMIG, Inc. is a national firm specializing in environmental planning, design, communications, management, science, and technology. We believe that the environment around us has a profound impact on our lives, and our shared vision is of a world where people, communities, and ecosystems thrive. For over 35 years, MIG has engaged the talents and vitality of top professionals who plan, design, and sustain communities that connect people to the environment and to each other. Our team members are passionate about their work and share a common desire to engage closely with our clients and the communities impacted by our work. We are seeking a motivated and experienced Senior CEQA/NEPA Project Manager to join our planning and environmental sciences team in MIG’s San Jose or Berkeley, California office. This is a full-time position with opportunity for growth. Responsibilities – What You’ll Accomplish Collaborative Teammate: You will work as part of a cross-office,...Jan 25, 2021Full timeMIG, Inc. is a national firm specializing in environmental planning, design, communications, management, science, and technology. We believe that the environment around us has a profound impact on our lives, and our shared vision is of a world where people, communities, and ecosystems thrive. For over 35 years, MIG has engaged the talents and vitality of top professionals who plan, design, and sustain communities that connect people to the environment and to each other. Our team members are passionate about their work and share a common desire to engage closely with our clients and the communities impacted by our work. We are seeking a motivated and experienced Senior CEQA/NEPA Project Manager to join our planning and environmental sciences team in MIG’s San Jose or Berkeley, California office. This is a full-time position with opportunity for growth. Responsibilities – What You’ll Accomplish Collaborative Teammate: You will work as part of a cross-office,...Intern-Energy/Air Quality ProgramMid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission Columbus, OH, USAThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Chief Sustainability OfficerBaltimore County Towson, MD, USAThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Environmental Outreach Aides & AssociatesSan Francisco Department of Environment San Francisco, CA, USAThis is a combined recruitment, hiring for the following: 1) 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide (3 vacancies), and 2) 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate (2 vacancies) Do you enjoy talking with people? Are you passionate about making a positive difference in your community? If so, we invite you to join the Environment Now team by applying for the Environmental Outreach positions. You’ll use your communications skills to engage the public in building a better future for San Franciscans. The San Francisco Department of Environment is recognized worldwide for its environmental policies, is a great place to work, and offers an attractive benefits package, including healthcare and paid time off. This posting will be used to fill multiple vacancies for the 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide and 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate positions, including positions that may require bilingual skills in Chinese, Vietnamese, (Cantonese, Mandarin, or both) and Spanish. Who We Are The San...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThis is a combined recruitment, hiring for the following: 1) 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide (3 vacancies), and 2) 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate (2 vacancies) Do you enjoy talking with people? Are you passionate about making a positive difference in your community? If so, we invite you to join the Environment Now team by applying for the Environmental Outreach positions. You’ll use your communications skills to engage the public in building a better future for San Franciscans. The San Francisco Department of Environment is recognized worldwide for its environmental policies, is a great place to work, and offers an attractive benefits package, including healthcare and paid time off. This posting will be used to fill multiple vacancies for the 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide and 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate positions, including positions that may require bilingual skills in Chinese, Vietnamese, (Cantonese, Mandarin, or both) and Spanish. Who We Are The San...Climate Campaigner (Remote)Friends of the Earth Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)The Climate and Energy Program is focused on laying the groundwork for ambitious federal climate policy driven by science, justice, and climate equity. We build political power for climate action from the ground up and promote new models of renewable energy production that support energy democracy. Our intersectional program of work seeks to advance economic and racial justice, and includes campaigns at the national level as well as in North Carolina and Memphis, Tennessee. Our approach is rooted in a position of solidarity domestically and internationally. Our climate and energy work strives to: (1) ground our advocacy in the need for a rapid managed decline of the supply of fossil fuels to hold global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius; (2) center environmental justice, climate equity, and human and civil rights and protections of Black, Brown, Indigenous, low-wealth, immigrant, and other marginalized communities; and (3) support the right to dignified livelihoods for...Jan 21, 2021Remote Office - Work from HomeThe Climate and Energy Program is focused on laying the groundwork for ambitious federal climate policy driven by science, justice, and climate equity. We build political power for climate action from the ground up and promote new models of renewable energy production that support energy democracy. Our intersectional program of work seeks to advance economic and racial justice, and includes campaigns at the national level as well as in North Carolina and Memphis, Tennessee. Our approach is rooted in a position of solidarity domestically and internationally. Our climate and energy work strives to: (1) ground our advocacy in the need for a rapid managed decline of the supply of fossil fuels to hold global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius; (2) center environmental justice, climate equity, and human and civil rights and protections of Black, Brown, Indigenous, low-wealth, immigrant, and other marginalized communities; and (3) support the right to dignified livelihoods for...Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program ManagerSan Ramon, CA San Ramon, CA, USADescription Under general direction, the Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program Manager plans, directs, and oversees the activities, operations, and projects of complex programs; serves as a technical expert and resource for assigned programs including providing extensive, in-depth, and specialized administrative, budgetary, financial, and compliance research, analysis, and support; analyzes programmatic practices and procedures and develops and implements recommendations for operational, policy, and procedural improvements; oversees and conducts needs analyses, feasibility studies, and evaluations for assigned programs; oversees, develops, summarizes, and maintains administrative, staff, technical, and fiscal reports and records; fosters cooperative working relationships among Department and City units and divisions and acts as a liaison with various community, public, and regulatory agencies; and performs related work as required. The Solid Waste and Environmental...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription Under general direction, the Solid Waste and Environmental Services Program Manager plans, directs, and oversees the activities, operations, and projects of complex programs; serves as a technical expert and resource for assigned programs including providing extensive, in-depth, and specialized administrative, budgetary, financial, and compliance research, analysis, and support; analyzes programmatic practices and procedures and develops and implements recommendations for operational, policy, and procedural improvements; oversees and conducts needs analyses, feasibility studies, and evaluations for assigned programs; oversees, develops, summarizes, and maintains administrative, staff, technical, and fiscal reports and records; fosters cooperative working relationships among Department and City units and divisions and acts as a liaison with various community, public, and regulatory agencies; and performs related work as required. The Solid Waste and Environmental...Planning InternMid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission Columbus, OH, USADescription As Central Ohio’s regional council, MORPC is an association of cities, villages, townships, counties and regional organizations and serves rural, suburban, and urban areas. We take pride in bringing communities of all sizes and interests together to collaborate on best practices and plan for the future of our growing region. We do this through a variety of programs, services, projects and initiatives – all with the goal of improving the lives of our residents and making Central Ohio stand out on the world stage. One of Central Ohio’s greatest strengths is the diversity of our communities, and to best serve our region, MORPC assertively values diversity and inclusion and strives to reflect those values in our team, our work, and our positive impact for the region. Our work progresses when our team can draw on a wide range of personal experiences and backgrounds, and when each member is open to learning from the experiences of others, both internally and externally....Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidDescription As Central Ohio’s regional council, MORPC is an association of cities, villages, townships, counties and regional organizations and serves rural, suburban, and urban areas. We take pride in bringing communities of all sizes and interests together to collaborate on best practices and plan for the future of our growing region. We do this through a variety of programs, services, projects and initiatives – all with the goal of improving the lives of our residents and making Central Ohio stand out on the world stage. One of Central Ohio’s greatest strengths is the diversity of our communities, and to best serve our region, MORPC assertively values diversity and inclusion and strives to reflect those values in our team, our work, and our positive impact for the region. Our work progresses when our team can draw on a wide range of personal experiences and backgrounds, and when each member is open to learning from the experiences of others, both internally and externally....Senior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital MarketsCeresSenior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities This is a full-time position, preferably based in the Boston or New York City area. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective climate and clean energy policies, especially in the financial...Dec 29, 2020Full timeSenior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities This is a full-time position, preferably based in the Boston or New York City area. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective climate and clean energy policies, especially in the financial...Director, Campaigns (Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets)Ceres Boston, MA, USADirector, Campaigns, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities Ceres is searching for a full-time Campaign Director to coordinate all actors and pieces of mobilizing investors and financial institutions to step up action to address the climate crisis. The first project to manage is Ceres’ Accelerator Net Zero Finance Campaign. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior...Dec 13, 2020Full timeDirector, Campaigns, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities Ceres is searching for a full-time Campaign Director to coordinate all actors and pieces of mobilizing investors and financial institutions to step up action to address the climate crisis. The first project to manage is Ceres’ Accelerator Net Zero Finance Campaign. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
