"Peak Dental Services - Dental AssistantIn order to use this site, it is necessary to enable JavaScript.Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.Peak Dental ServicesApplyDental AssistantPueblo, COApplyDescriptionWe have an immediate opening for a Dental Assistant/EDDA position here at our very busy and friendly Pueblo based practice! We are a professional tight knit team that is looking for a person of great work ethic, self motivation and reliability. We ask that applicants have at least one year of previous experience upon applying.We Pride ourselves on upholding our core values:1. Putting Patient & Doctors experience first2. Demonstrating ownership for results3. Fostering compassion, optimism, & celebration4. Practicing fanatical attention to consistency and detail5. Being committed to continuous improvement6. Contributing to it being a great place to workESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Include the following. Other duties may be assigned.Customer Experience Leadership1. Actively participate in our Peak Patient Experience by striving to keep our patients focused on optimal treatment meanwhile making patients know we care about them as individuals.2. Take an active role in getting to know both new and regular patients… we strive for our patients to know we just don’t care about their oral hygiene, we care about them as individuals3. Promotes dentistry to the patient by being in communication with the patient and promoting the treatment plan recommended by the doctor4. Explain as necessary dental treatment or procedures to the patient when questions are asked5. Seat patients at the beginning of an appointment and route patents considering extensive treatment to the Team Leader for appropriate financial arrangements prior to beginning treatment6. Responsible for maximizing the production scheduled for the day by keeping a watch on the treatment plan to see that all possible work is completed that day7. Responsible to keep the operatories on times for that the patients are seen on time. If running behind, the DA/EDDA will notify the Team Leader who will in turn notify the next patient8. Instruct and educate patients about clinical procedures and give post-operative instructions9. Clean each operatory in accordance with the American Dental Association guidelines, as the patient has exited the room. Keep in mind the 'view from the chair'.ption.RequirementsTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily with or without accommodation. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:Ability to read, analyze, and interpret documents such as business periodicals, professionals journals, technical procedure manuals, safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and governmental regulations.Ability to communicate effectively and present information, both verbally and in writing, to patients and co-workers.Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, verbal, or diagram form.Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, decimals and percentages.Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percentages.SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY None.WORK ENVIRONMENT: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to wet or humid conditions (non-weather); work near moving mechanical parts and fumes or airborne particles. The employee is frequently exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals and risk of radiation. The employee is occasionally exposed to risk of electrical shock and vibration.The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk, hear, and smell. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk, and sit. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, and depth perception.ApplyView All JobsPowered byPrivacy Policy"
