"Science Writer (parental leave cover) | Laxenburg, Wien, Austria | International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis | www.acad.jobswww.acad.jobs : academic jobs worldwide – and the best jobs in industrySubscribe to acad.jobs AG Mailing ListsPosition: Science Writer (parental leave cover)Institution: International Institute for Applied Systems AnalysisLocation: Laxenburg, Wien, AustriaDuties: Develop, write, edit, and proofread a variety of copy about IIASA research with a high degree of scientific accuracy that is clear and comprehensible to readers outside IIASA; Publicize the institute&#039;s activities on a range of different channels, ranging from the website to the IIASA Options magazine, as well as working with social media and video specialists in the communications team to bring research stories to the screen and social media platforms; Keep up to date with the latest research at IIASA, and cultivate relationships with IIASA researchers in order to identify new areas of research to cover as well as offering professional communication advice and support in communicating their workRequirements: Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English, or a scientific field, or comparable experience; Several years’ experience as a science writer; Proven ability in successfully implementing communications activities across a wide range of channels; Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team, and to maintain professional and productive relationships with scientists and staff from diverse nationalitiesText: Deadline: Until filled APPLY 30/2020 APPLY 30/2020 Science Writer (parental leave cover) IIASA Communications and external relations (CER) department IIASA is looking for a talented science writer to help present the institute’s complex research to a general audience. BACKGROUND The science writer will work with researchers from across the international research institute to develop, write, and edit content to support the overall strategic objectives of IIASA. As the institute embarks on a new strategy and prepares to launch a new website, the five-month role will provide clear and compelling copy across all IIASA communication channels from magazine features to press releases to web pages. The science writer should be enthusiastic and curious about science, and have a passion for disseminating engaging information about sustainability. Main Duties and Responsibilities As a member of the CER department, the science writer will: Develop, write, edit, and proofread a variety of copy about IIASA research with a high degree of scientific accuracy that is clear and comprehensible to readers outside IIASA. Publicize the institute&#039;s activities on a range of different channels, ranging from the website to the IIASA Options magazine, as well as working with social media and video specialists in the communications team to bring research stories to the screen and social media platforms. Keep up to date with the latest research at IIASA, and cultivate relationships with IIASA researchers in order to identify new areas of research to cover as well as offering professional communication advice and support in communicating their work. Interview and discuss research with IIASA scientists and external collaborators in order to identify the best communication channels, shape messages for target audiences, and write appropriate content, fact-checked with researchers. Serve as an interface between scientists and non-specialist audiences in turning highly technical often jargon-laden papers and other day-to-day documents into articles suitable for a wider range of audiences, from the general public to scientists and researchers in other disciplines. Work as part of the communications team, helping with other projects as needed to increase support for systems analysis, the role of IIASA and its research (in line with the team spirit that prevails at IIASA, the incumbent may occasionally work on other tasks assigned by their superiors, that might not be directly related to this appointment but where the post holder has relevant experience and skills, and/or a shortage of immediate personnel capabilities requires such). qualifications Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English, or a scientific field, or comparable experience. Several years’ experience as a science writer. Proven ability in successfully implementing communications activities across a wide range of channels. Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team, and to maintain professional and productive relationships with scientists and staff from diverse nationalities. Enthusiasm and curiosity about science along with a passion for disseminating scientific information. Excellent science writing skills and proven ability to present complex science information to a non-specialist audience. Adaptable writing style to communicate with different audiences, both scientific and non-specialist. English at native speaker level is a must: German or other IIASA NMO languages advantageous. Excellent computer skills, with proficiency in MS Office, experience with website. content management systems, and social media channels. Ability to be flexible and adaptable, even under pressure, and meet tight deadlines. In addition, it will be an advantage if the science writer can demonstrate experience in developing and implementing communication strategies that achieve a range of objectives typical of a research institute (e.g. facilitating knowledge transfer, raising awareness, strategic positioning, attracting applications for early career research programs, increasing event registrations). appointment terms The selected candidate should be available to take up the position by mid-January 2021. We will offer an initial full time (40 hours per week) employment contract for five months to cover for parental leave. There may be a possibility to negotiate part time working hours for applicants who are unable to take up full-time employment. Duties will be carried out at the IIASA premises in Laxenburg, near Vienna in Austria. This position is classified as a &#039;&#039;Professional level&#039;&#039; post. WE OFFER : An annual gross salary of € 48,000 which is exempt from income tax in Austria (subject to the principle of income aggregation - “Progressionsvorbehalt”) The advertised salary is: Negotiable, based on the qualifications, skills and experience of the selected individual Subject to deductions for health insurance and/or social security Not directly comparable with other employers in Austria, due to the unique legal status and privileges granted to IIASA Details about further attractive benefits here . About IIASA IIASA is committed to a working environment that promotes equality, diversity, tolerance and inclusion within its workforce. This is reflected in our Core Values . We encourage qualified candidates, irrespective of gender, from all religious, ethnic, and social backgrounds to apply. In the case that candidates are equally qualified, preference will be given to applicants from countries where IIASA has a National Member Organization (NMO). Further Information For further information about this opportunity please contact: Iain Stewart , Head of Communications and External Relations. For general information about working at IIASA, please contact: Alia Harrison , Recruitment Coordinator. Applications To apply for this opportunity, you will need to provide the following documents in English: A cover letter outlining your motivation for and fit to the position. Your Curriculum Vitae or Resume. Two samples of your written work about a scientific topic and aimed at a general audience (e.g., article for a newspaper or magazine, blog post, or op-ed) The names, addresses (including e-mail), and telephone numbers of two work-related reference givers. Deadline for receipt of applications: Until filled APPLY Applications To apply for this opportunity, you will need to provide the following documents in English: A cover letter outlining your motivation for and fit to the position. Your Curriculum Vitae or Resume. Two samples of your written work about a scientific topic and aimed at a general audience (e.g., article for a newspaper or magazine, blog post, or op-ed) The names, addresses (including e-mail), and telephone numbers of two work-related reference givers. Deadline for receipt of applications: Until filled APPLYPlease click here, if the job didn't load correctly.Your browser does not support iframes. Please click here, if the job didn't load correctly. Your browser does not support iframes. Please click here, if the job didn't load correctly."
