"Urology Tech (Multiple Locations) in Hamden, CT - Yale NewHaven HealthSearch JobsCareer EventsApplication StatusBack to Search ResultsPrevious OpportunityNext OpportunityUrology Tech (Multiple Locations)This job posting is no longer active.Hamden, CTJan 25, 2021Share:Job DescriptionOverviewTo be part of our organization, every employee should understand and share in the YNHHS Vision, support our Mission, and live our Values. These values - integrity, patient-centered, respect, accountability, and compassion - must guide what we do, as individuals and professionals, every day.Under the supervision of the Patient Services Manager and the direction of the Clinical Nurse, performs specific duties that support patient care. These duties include direct and indirect patient care activities which are essential to providing comprehensive care to patients.. Patient and family centered care (PFCC) at YNHH is demonstrated by working with patients and their families based on the 4 principles of PFCC: participation, dignity and respect, information sharing, and collaboration. This includes providing service excellence by creating a great \"First Impression\" by demonstrating exemplary customer Service skills for all customer groups including patients, families/friends, physicians, staff and support department personnel. Adheres to the \"I Am YNHH\" service excellence pledge and promotes a positive work environment.EEO/AA/Disability/VeteranResponsibilities1. Demonstrates patient care concepts.2. Verifies patient's identity with a using two identifiers (registered nurse.)3. Collaborates with team members in providing a safe and supportive environment for the patient.4. Performs patient care responsibilities consistent with age-specific criteria under the supervision of a registered nurse.5. Respects the rights of health care consumers by ensuring privacy and confidentiality6. Performs shaving, clipping and prepping as required under the direction of a registered nurse.7. Recognizes the physical, spiritual, and psychological needs of the patient/family.8. Demonstrates the application of the principles of asepsis and disinfection in a knowledgeable manner in the care of the supplies, instruments and the environment9. Identifies the principles of sterile technique and applies these techniques when assisting each procedure.10. Demonstrates a surgical conscience of all times11. Prepares items/instruments for sterilization, receives, sorts decontaminate, cleans all surgical items including sterilizers and ultrasonic cleaners applying the correct techniques of disinfection, high level disinfection and sterilization.12. Assembles and wraps instrument trays; stamps, dates, stores and rotates items which can be sterile and/or unsterile items.13. Uses and evaluates sterilizers and completes all required documentation (spores) in accordance with unit policy14. Verifies exposure to sterilization process and integrity of all instruments, equipment needed, sterile packaging, and opens appropriate supplies.15. Reports defective material or equipment to specialty team coordinators.16. Follows the appropriate dress code according to unit policy.17. Assists in preparation of the procedure rooms18. Assist in selecting supplies and equipment for procedure19. Opens sterile supplies using sterile technique20. Identifies the appropriate types of accessory equipment for procedures21. Ensures safety of patient by exercising aseptic techniques and preventing hazards related to the environment and the use of equipment22. Demonstrates knowledge of the step by step procedures of Urologic procedure23. Prepares procedural fields with all the sterile supplies needed, preps the patient for the sterile/non sterile urologic procedures, including prepping with Betadine per protocol..24. Continually monitors and reports any breaks in aseptic technique25. Ascertains that all specimens are properly identified and review26. Adheres to standard precaution guidelines when handling/transporting multiple specimens, cultures or blood samples to the laboratory27. Assists in preparing next assignment for room28. Demonstrates the accountability as a health care professional.to provide a safe environment for patients and staff.QualificationsEDUCATIONA minimum of a high school diploma or GED; and CNA or other educational equivalent, i.e. Medical Assistant, Phlebotomy Technician, Student Nurse who has completed one semester of clinical experience. Additional experience preferred will be specified depending on placement.EXPERIENCEEither (A) Two (2) years relevant direct patient care experience as dictated by placement. or (B) Education as stated above. All candidates must successfully complete the Urology Competency Based Training and Practicum, including age-specific competencies within three months of starting in the positionAdditional Information2 years acute care experience preferred. Procedure set-up experience preferred. Fast paced clinic environment. Must be able to get to all urology clinic locations - New Haven, Madison, Old Saybrook, Hamden.Share:Not ready to apply, but interested in working at Yale New Haven Health?Join our Talent NetworkJob InfoJob: 26055Department: Urology MadisonCategory: NURSING-SUPPORTSub Category: PATIENT CARE SUPPORTStatus: Part Time Benefits EligibleShift: DAYSHours: 30© 2021 Yale New Haven Health"
