"How not to lose your job in the current economic chaos?ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.KEYNOTE SPEAKING__​Anna Gross is an experienced platform speaker who inspires, motivates and entertains her audiences, large and small. When she steps up to the podium, Anna brings value to your meeting, special event or conference.From boardrooms to packed auditoriums throughout Switzerland and the United States Anna is known for connecting with audience members and conveying easy-to-understand techniques for unleashing one’s true potential.Anna will customize her message for your audience, using the Emotional Intelligence message.Example of a keynote presentation \"Emotional Intelligence: Your Key to Success.\"According to the existing scientific research emotional intelligence is the strongest predictor of performance, explaining about 60% of success in all types of jobs. It was found that 90% of top performing employees are also high in emotional intelligence.Your ability to restrain negative feelings such as anger, self-doubt, stress, anxiety and instead focus on positive ones such as confidence, empathy and congeniality are crucial for success. Research has shown that people with higher levels of emotional intelligence have more satisfying and successful careers and relationships. They are more interesting and attractive to others and have a higher self-esteem.Participants discover the key elements of emotional intelligence and gain practical tools and techniques to teach them how to double their happiness, disassociate from a negative situation, as well as handle and have more empathy in order to resolve conflict and better communicate with colleagues and clients.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.To inquire about Anna’s availability for your event, contact Anna's team.ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.ABOUT ANNA__Anna knows emotions better than most. As a life change trainer for executives, she uses emotional intelligence to help her clients move out of a dull state of mind into a happier place.She’s familiar with what living in a dull state feels like. Before she started her own training business she spent nearly a decade as a tax advisor and business development consultant for Fortune 500 companies and high net worth individuals.She traveled for work and could afford anything she wanted. Yet, she felt unfilled and it made her realize she had to change her personal and professional life. She was living at a five or a six and she wanted to live at a 10 at all times. She craved more passion, adventure and personal connection. She knew there was a larger purpose out there for her and she wanted to find it.Anna got divorced, transitioned to a new corporate position and dived her head into personal development. Soon, Anna began exploring her dreams and feeling into bigger possibilities for herself. Now she is happily married again and runs her coaching company.Having gone through two major life changes herself, she wanted to guide others to do the same.Today, she works with ambitious and determined executives around the world who are ready to change their lives but feel frustrated, stuck, unclear, overwhelmed or confused. They realize they are not living up to their full potential, looking for a change and a new direction in life. She helps them unleash their full potential and create a change and a new direction in life.Anna helps her clients create clarity, improve their communication styles, relationships and confidence in a short period of time. Anna works with her clients to help them express their feelings and emotions with their family, friends and colleagues in a healthy way.Her clients learn how to strengthen their self-confidence and resilience in life and empower themselves. Her clients better their relationship with themselves and others, enhance their career and stretch their vision for their life. They discover how to turn negative thoughts, fears and experiences into positives which helps them to move forward.Her clients trust her, feel connected to her as she’s been in their shoes and welcome her help in a safe, comfortable 1:1 or group training.The benefit and value of understanding emotional intelligence and knowing how to make it work for you is priceless. Anna gained so much in her personal career and life since implementing emotional intelligence into her life and she has helped hundreds of clients to succeed in life.With Anna’s training and expertise, you will experience a change in mindset, mood and attitude within in a short period of time.If you’d like to talk to Anna to see if you’re a fit for her training, just contact Anna's team.HighlightsExperienceNearly a decade of experience as a tax advisor and business developer for reputable Swiss and international brands (KPMG, WENGER PLATTNER, TAX EXPERT International)Co-Author of the book “Real Estate and Business in Switzerland”Co-Author of a \"Startup Manual\" (in the production)Guest lecturer at the Swiss International Boarding School “Institut auf dem Rosenberg” and speaker at IFJ - institute of young entrepreneursin SwitzerlandFounder of an exclusive networking platform for business owners dealing with high net worth Russian clients throughout Switzerland (www.srpn.ch)Education and TrainingMaster of Arts in European Studies (magna cum laude), Master's Degree in Law (summa cum laude), Postgraduate Certification in Enterprise Management (summa cum laude)The only female NLP trainer throughout both Switzerland and Russia to receive her education under the personal guidance of the father of NLP, Dr. Richard BandlerCertified John C. Maxwell Coach, Teacher, Trainer and SpeakerPassionate about yoga, cooking and danceSpeaks Russian, German, and EnglishHonored to be the only coach to receive an endorsement from businessman billionaire, Samih SawirisAre you committed to creating a positive change in your life? Need clarity on how to do it? Contact Anna to foster your growth.ABOUT ANNAABOUT ANNAEmotional IntelligenceHow not to lose your job in the current economic chaos?January 23, 2019|By Anna GrossIn the present-day economic situation, the survival of many business enterprises and companies depends on their effectiveness, innovation and ability to change. Although such a dynamic environment creates new opportunities, it may also generate an atmosphere of uncertainty for the employees. Nowadays, there is a constant flow of technological development and digital innovations, which often poses the threat of staff’s redundancy. When the company decides to invest in technological innovations and, at the same time, to reduce the number of employees, how not to end up among a few unlucky ones who will lose their jobs?Instead of going through the sleepless nights and stressful workdays, guessing about your chances to retain the job, you may look at the check-list below and make a good reality check of your situation, considering, if necessary, a number of potential adjustments.A list of questions you could ask yourself if unsure about your chances to retain the job:1. Sometimes I or my behaviour create conflicting situations at the work floor.2. Sometimes I let myself make ironic or even sarcastic remarks about my colleagues.3. I expect the company to create a positive environment and working climate for me.If you want to assess your own level of self-awareness, you can get the opportunity to do this test.4. Sometimes it feels like I am not in tune with my manager.5. Sometimes I am tempted to suggest new rules for the running of the company without being asked to do so.It is essential for any employee to build up and maintain positive relations not only with colleagues but also with managers and executives. This is not a big secret that employees who do not get along well with their bosses have greater chances to lose their job.6. Sometimes I feel being insufficiently productive or efficient.7. I am not always or entirely interested in the goals and objectives of my company.8. I am not always motivated to contribute to the company’s agenda or to respect my meetings’ schedule.An employee, whose performance indicators are below the expected levels, who is inclined to cancel meetings or who systematically runs behind the agreed timetable, can’t really expect to be offered a long-term job contract.9. How would I assess the level of my involvement in the working rhythm of my company on the scale from 0 to 10?10. I am not always 100%-focused on my project. Sometimes I try to find whatever excuses to do something else.11. I am not sure whether my project is central and vital for the functioning of the entire company.12. I am not sure about the added value of my work.13. Sometimes I wonder whether the company can easily do without me and my input.Friendly and respectful relations with colleagues and bosses, positive attitude to work and the company’s daily routine are the perfect prerequisites of the long-lasting job offer. Yet, there is one more important component of the equation, namely the content of the work itself. A friendly and polite employees who spend more time chatting to the colleagues than doing their direct job is not always a great asset to the company (unless this person works at the HR or another role, where it is their direct function). From time to time, we are all doomed to do some tedious or insignificant tasks. This is not a problem as long as these tasks contribute to the bigger project. The alarm should go off, if these are the only tasks an employee performs day after day.Potential stagnation and imprisonment by boring projects with uncertain added value can be resolved by creative initiative and professional growth. You may want to have a look at the last set of questions.14. I systematically invest in the development of my hard and soft skills; in my professional and personal growth.15. I regularly update myself on the company’s development plans as well as on the innovations in the relevant business spheres.16. I would attend a training course even if it is not paid by my company.17. I often take initiatives in searching for new and existing training opportunities?Even someone who has received a high-quality education and possesses key qualities, expertise and experiences in the relevant professional area, needs to consider further regular training upgrades. They are useful in many respects. First of all, It is a way to learn new skills and update existing knowledge on the latest tools, programs and developments. Secondly, such a person shows to the managers how seriously they take their job. The major benefit of such training, however, is a personal one. Updated portfolio and resume are the proper way to keep the track of professional successes and to be ready for any expected or unexpected job offer or promotion.Now it is time to assess the answers. If your answers to the first 13 questions are negative, the chances for you to lose your job are small. Only the last four questions (14-17) require positive answers, reinforcing your overall potential and fit for your job. Even if the worst happens, you can be certain that with your attitudes and skills you’ll quickly find a new one. Employers typically value positive, committed and non-conflictive candidates!What if your answers to one or more of the first 13 questions are positive? Look at your answers again. Is there any room for change and improvement? Maybe you have come across some issues, you have never thought about before or have never considered them of being important or relevant? Look at the last four questions (14-17). Ask yourself, what can I do today, what hard or soft skills can I develop to be more successful? An opinion of others helps. If in doubt, ask your close friend or colleague. Discuss with them the points that may bother you or skills you could pay attention to. Friendly advice can be crucial! And then just do it.If you are interested to discover how your state of mind affects productivity, join my online course and make a difference in your career and life.“All the world’s a stage,And all the men and women merely players…”(W. Shakespeare, As You Like It)We believe that each and every one of us is not only a leading actor but first and foremost a writer of our own destiny. Overwhelmed by life events, we may unintentionally forget that we are the sole playwrights of our own lives. We may even unwittingly drop or lose the thread of our unfolding life story. Then, we start questioning ourselves and let others do the writing for us. Doesn’t this happen to all of us occasionally? The best thing we can do is to resume the leadership as soon as we can: only we should write the play of our life!With the renewed confidence and new skills, we design new perspectives. Coaching and training are the best instruments we use to achieve this goal.Tags:lifelonglearningjustdoitAnnaGrossheadhrexecutivecoachingAIceohrmindsetleadershipPlease reloadCurrent blog postsValues driven leadership: what does it mean and how to become a value driven leader?November 25, 2020How to become a real leader even if you are not born with leadership qualitiesOctober 28, 2020Study in a prestigious school: is it about the future for our children or also about our own unfulfilled ambitions?October 14, 2020Ever wondered why someone else „got“ your promotion?September 30, 2020Stop rereading the scenario of someone else's life and start writing up your ownSeptember 16, 2020Relationships: wants and needsAugust 12, 2020Not having time? It is not about time!July 22, 2020Glossophobia / speaking anxiety and how to overcome it in times of the COVID-19July 8, 2020How not to let fears ruin our realityJune 24, 2020Transition into the state of relaxation - how to find the ‘switch’?June 10, 2020Please reloadArchiveNovember 2020 (1)October 2020 (2)September 2020 (2)August 2020 (1)July 2020 (2)June 2020 (2)May 2020 (1)April 2020 (3)March 2020 (2)February 2020 (2)January 2020 (3)December 2019 (2)November 2019 (2)October 2019 (2)September 2019 (2)August 2019 (2)July 2019 (3)May 2019 (2)April 2019 (2)March 2019 (3)February 2019 (4)January 2019 (4)December 2018 (4)November 2018 (2)September 2018 (1)June 2018 (1)January 2018 (1)August 2017 (1)July 2017 (3)"
