"Job Feed | Career ServicesSkip to main contentAdmissionsAcademicsFinancial AidCampus LifeThe ArtsAthleticsGet To Know UNISupport UNIUNI BookstoreSearch UNISearch UNICalendareLearningA-Z IndexRod LibraryEmailMyUNIverseDirectoryJobs@UNICareer ServicesJobBoardCampusEmploymentResumes &InterviewsCareers& MajorsInternshipProgramFairs &EventsJob FeedJob FeedPeace Corps Application Workshop (Wednesday, October 21st 2020, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm CDT)When: Wednesday, October 21st 2020, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm CDT Make your application stand out from the rest. Attend this workshop to learn how to browse Volunteer openings, find the right program, and strengthen your application. You will have an opportunity to ask questions about service, learn steps you can take to improve your chances, and gain valuable tips to guide you through the application process.Explore Wycliffe Live: Key Skills for Missionaries (Sunday, October 18th 2020, 8:00 pm - 9:30 pm EDT)When: Sunday, October 18th 2020, 8:00 pm - 9:30 pm EDT What kind of skills do you think a missionary needs? The ability to preach? Survival abilities for harsh conditions? Never feeling worried? Learn about the skills you truly need to thrive as a missionary — and they’re not what you might think! Deb Borland oversees Wycliffe’s new member orientation and is passionate about helping new missionaries succeed wherever God has called them.LSAMP Program Assistant at UNI College of Humanities, Arts & SciencesEmployer: UNI College of Humanities, Arts & Sciences Expires: 10/19/2020 Terms of Employment: ● For the fall semester: 10 hours per week, beginning August 17, 2020 and ending December 4, 2020. ● For the spring semester: 10 hours per week, beginning January 11, 2021 and ending May 7, 2021. Compensation:● Graduate Assistantship salary is $2,697.50 per semester and may be prorated depending on start date. ● Graduate Assistants may qualify for in-state tuition and fees.● Graduate Assistants may receive University holidays and do not work during the interims between semesters.● For more information on the Graduate Assistantship System and procedures: http://www.grad.uni.edu/assistantships/Position Description:Assist with supervision, mentoring, and professional development of LSAMP student participants and scholars; provides academic support for participants enrolled in mathematics and/or science courses; provide oversight for supplemental instruction sessions; assist, as needed, with program evaluation and assessment; assist with collection and analysis of program and participant data; and other related duties as assigned.Qualifications:● Must be a full-time, degree-seeking student in a UNI STEM graduate program ● Must be enrolled in 9 graduate credits each semester of assistantship. ● Maintain a Plan and cumulative GPA of at least 3.00. ● First semester graduate students must have an undergraduate GPA of at least 3.00. ● B.A. degree in STEM or related field with strong emphasis in mathematics and/or science. ● Strong interpersonal communication skills● Experience tutoring STEM content.Animal Caretaker at UNI Department of BiologyEmployer: UNI Department of Biology Expires: 10/23/2020 The University of Northern Iowa's Biology Department is looking for a student employee who will serve as an Animal Caretaker during major University breaks (e.g. winter, spring, summer breaks). Preference will be given to a student who resides on, or near, campus during scheduled breaks to ensure care is regularly delivered to animals in McCollum Science Hall. The Animal Caretaker's primary duties at the time of hire will be caring for fish and maintaining saltwater tanks. Duties will include, but are not limited to: feeding fish, changing fish tank water, mixing saltwater for water changes, monitoring salinity, pH, and water temperature, replacing fish tank filters, cleaning fish tank glass, monitoring tank equipment, and reporting potential problems with equipment to the Biology Department. There may be other animal caretaking duties as assigned. There is potential for the hired student to gain work hours outside of University breaks if their performance is satisfactory. A love for animals is a must, and experience caring for fish is a plus. We are willing to train a student without experience if they are a good fit. The Animal Caretaker position is part-time at 5, or less, hours per week.UNI Career Services actively seeks to enhance diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. the University encourages applications from persons of color, women, individuals living with disabilities, and protected veterans. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal and/or state law.LSAMP Mathematics Tutor at UNI College of Humanities, Arts & SciencesEmployer: UNI College of Humanities, Arts & Sciences Expires: 10/16/2020 The UNI LSAMP Program seeks a mathematics tutor. The ideal candidate should have a strong math background, be able to competently tutor a variety of math classes ranging from PreCalculus to courses such as Linear Algebra, Combinatorics, Calculus III, relate to diverse students, be able to work some day and evening hours, be organized, able to work with groups of students, and keep accurate records. The selected candidate is expected to meet with students individually and provide academic support in a group setting Mondays and Thursdays from 6pm to 9pm. Submit a completed application, unofficial college transcript or degree audit and a resume with contact information of three references that can attest to your understanding of mathematics and tutor ability by October 16 to Latricia Hylton via email at Latricia.Hylton@uni.edu.Qualifications include passing mathematics courses with a grade of B or better; ability to tutor students using different learning styles, good grasp of mathematics. A written test covering the foundations of mathematics and statistics is part of the application process. The pay rate is $10 per hour and works between 10 and 15 hours per week.Science Tutor at UNI College of Humanities, Arts & SciencesEmployer: UNI College of Humanities, Arts & Sciences Expires: 10/16/2020 The UNI LSAMP Program is seeking a science tutor. The pay rate is $10 per hour and works between 10 and 15 hours per week.The ideal candidate should be able to competently tutor students in Chemistry, Biology, Physics, Earth Science and other related science courses, have a strong math and science background, relate to diverse students, be able to work some day and evening hours, be organized, able to work with groups of students, and keep accurate records. The selected candidate is expected to attend all training and staff meetings and facilitate the Effective Study Strategies for Science and Effective Study Strategies for STEM workshops. Science tutors have the opportunity to obtain national tutor certification. Submit complete application, unofficial college transcript or degree audit and a resume with contact information of three references that can attest to your understanding and knowledge of science and tutor ability by October 16 to Latricia Hylton in the Academic Learning Center located in Rod Library 263.Qualifications include passing science courses with a grade of B or better; ability to tutor students using different learning styles, good understanding of science including Liberal Arts Core Science courses. A written science test covering physics, chemistry, biology, and earth science is part of the application process.Office Assistant at UNI Military SciencesEmployer: UNI Military Sciences Expires: 12/11/2020 Looking for a student who can show the community how great it is to be a UNI-ROTC Panther. Tasks and Responsibilities: Responsible for attending to the front reception area by assisting office visitors via walk-in traffic, phone calls. Provide assistance to the Recruiting/Scholarship/Enrollment Officer, making phone calls and follow-up with students interested in ROTC. Working hours: 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. Monday-Friday during spring semester.Signage Design Assistant at UNI Facilities ManagementEmployer: UNI Facilities Management Expires: 10/29/2020 SIGNAGE DESIGN ASSISTANT- Sign Shop student employees produce signage for campus in-house, order needed materials, install signage, create mock-ups/renderings, and assist in designing signage per client's requests- Flexible hours between 7:30am and 4:30pm, Monday-Friday, up to 20 hours per week during the academic year- Need to be able to work both independently and with a group- Starting wage is $9.50 per hourJob Duties:- Assist in creating designs for campus signage/wayfinding- Use computer software to create visuals- Update the campus signage standards, as necessary- Use an engraver/router to produce signage and a vinyl cutter to create vinyl decals. - Perform other duties as assignedSkills required:- Experience with Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop.You may be contacted for an interview following the review of your application. Please complete the application that's available at the following address:https://fm.uni.edu/student-employmentFacilities Management actively seeks to enhance diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. The University encourages applications from persons of color, women, individuals living with disabilities, and protected veterans. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal and/or state law.Office Assistant at UNI President's OfficeEmployer: UNI President's Office Expires: 02/01/2021 Office of the President is seeking someone who has a positive attitude, demonstrates flexibility, and is a team player. Excellent customer service and people skills a must. Maintain administrative office tasks such as; filing, running errands, phone calls, greeting visitors, and data entry. Assist with special projects as needed. Afternoon availability preferred.Goldman Sachs 2021 Exploratory Programs (Monday, February 1st 2021, 12:00 am EST - Wednesday, June 30th 2021, 12:00 am EDT)When: Monday, February 1st 2021, 12:00 am EST - Wednesday, June 30th 2021, 12:00 am EDT Goldman Sachs is committed to diversity and seeks to empower students to have successful careers in the financial services industry. Our Exploratory Programs are interactive, multi-week virtual programs for undergraduate students. These programs are open to all majors and are designed to introduce students to the extensive range of career opportunities in the financial world. As a participant, you will: • Gain tangible resume-enhancing skills and tips through interactive workshops • Network with various Goldman Sachs professionals and members of our Firmwide Inclusion Networks to hear more about their experiences and diverse backgrounds • Have access to financial literacy courses from AYCO, Goldman Sachs' financial counseling service Select students will have the opportunity to interview for a 2022 Summer or New Analyst role. 2021 Exploratory Programs Program Dates: February - June 2021 Application Deadline: Sunday, November 29 at 11:59pm ET Interested in our programs? Follow the links provided below to apply for all programs you are eligible for and interested in For Exploratory Programs: https://recruiting360.avature.net/candidates?projectId=15005&source=Candidate+Portal For Undergrad Virtual Insight Series: https://recruiting360.avature.net/candidates?projectId=15050&source=Candidate+Portal Application Instructions: 1. Use the links above or visit our events portal at goldmansachs.com/careers/events 2. Create an account or login to an existing account, and search \"2021 Exploratory Programs\" 3. Register for the program by uploading your resume to your candidate profile. Upon registration, you will be asked to complete a questionnaire indicating your programs of interest. Please complete this immediately as it is a required step of the application. Have questions or need accommodations? Email us at diversityrecruiting@gs.com Program Eligibility Please see below for program details and eligibility. Undergrad Virtual Insight Series | Virtual | May - June Undergraduates graduating between December 2022 - June 2024 *Applicants will hear back about their candidacy in mid-March Exploratory Programs | Virtual | February - March Undergraduates graduating between December 2021 - June 2023 • Black Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who identify as Black • CUNY Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who attend a City University of New York (CUNY) • Diverse Abilities Summit | Undergraduates who identify as having a disability • Hispanic/Latinx Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who identify as Hispanic/Latinx • LGBTQ+ Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who identify as LGBTQ+ • Veteran's Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who are military veterans • Women's Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who identify as women Undergraduates graduating between December 2022 - June 2023 • Engineering Possibilities Summit | Undergraduates who identify as Black, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, and/or women with an interest in pursuing careers in engineering, including software engineering, systems engineering, cyber security, and quantitative strategistPages123456789…next ›last »Office of Career Services102 Gilchrist HallCedar Falls, IA 50614-0384P: (319) 273-6857F: (319) 273-6998careerservices@uni.eduAbout UsStats & DataRecruiting GuidelinesTeachers & EducatorsVisitingCedar Falls, Iowa(319) 273-2311Maps & DirectionsVisiting UNIContact UNISafetyDiversity MattersSustainabilityAccessibilityConsumer InformationEqual Opportunity/Non-Discrimination StatementPrivacy PolicyMaintained by Office of Career ServicesCopyright ©2021"
