"Engineering Management Jobs | PetroplanJobs	Candidates	Client Services	Sectors	Regions	CanadaUSAUK and EuropeAfricaMiddle EastBlogAbout Us	[email protected]Contact UsJob SearchEngineering Management JobsEngineering Management JobsAt Petroplan we’ll always travel far and wide to find the engineering role where you can thrive. Since 1976, we have continued to find the most talented engineers in the oil and gas industry because we take the time to discover exactly what clients and candidates need most and make the best partnership. With offices across 6 continents, you’ll never be far from our dedicated support on your career.We support Engineering ManagementWe understand how important it is for engineering projects of any scale to have the right professionals to ensure work is delivered on time, on budget and as efficiently as possible. This sounds simple, but we work with our clients and candidates to make sure professionals have the right credentials to undertake this kind of responsibility.Working in the oil and gas industry for 40 years, we understand the technical knowledge needed to succeed as an engineer in this field, which means we’re always able to find the right role for you. When you’re confident with handling operations and managing projects, we can offer positions in companies across the globe.Dedicated to the oil and gas industry, we know the intricacies of this discipline and work with you to understand how you want your engineering career to progress so we can place you in the best role. When you’re relocating for a position, we coordinate everything so you can start your new role confident that everything’s organised.We engineer the best resultsIf you’re ready for your next engineering challenge then trust our dedicated team at Petroplan, simply register today.Latest jobsIT ManagerLondon, London$NegPermanent27 January 2021This is a test - please do not apply ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Reliability EngineerMunich$90000 - £95000 per annum bonusPermanent27 January 2021Our client is a world leading player in the Chemical Productions Industry who are looking for an experienced Reliability Engineer to help implement a new maintenance programme at their existing site. This is a senior position with a chance to develop a long term career at one of the most esteemed companies in the industry. Responsibilities will include but won't be limited to: Taking a preventive approach in implementing maintenance programmes Oversee and perform checks and analyses to develop the preform the improve reliability at the site Identification and implementation of improvement projects Creation and updating of technical information and documentation for the task area (data & drawings) On-site monitoring and analysis of health-monitoring systems Manage maintenance orders, in particular the processing of orders and the posting of data journal sheets and receipts. The ideal candidate: Mechanical Engineering background with strong knowledge of Static and Rotating Equipment 10 years experience in operations and maintenance in the Petrochemical Industry Experience in machine and/ or condition monitoring Strong communication skills, team player Self-starter Fluent in German and English ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Contract AdvisorMalaysiaMalaysia$NegotiablePermanent27 January 2021Must be based locally As Advisor - Contract Management, you will be responsible for supervision, coordination and execution of purchasing plan and contract management strategies in an effective manner. You will ensure standards of ethics, fairness in procurement activities are maintained, seek to uphold and enhance the integrity of the procurement process as well as maintain strict confidentiality of documents pertaining to procurement. KEY AUTHORITIES As Advisor - Contract Management, accountable for supervision of purchasing plan and contract management process for geological, geophysical, exploration, drilling, production operations, development, G&A, HR, IT and HSE group. PROCUREMENT RESPONSIBILITIES Plan, coordinate and administer procurement and contract management activities to meet specified required dates. Initiate, perform, and manage all efforts on procurement process covering pre- award and post award activities related to geological, geophysical, exploration, drilling, production operations, development, G&A, HR, IT and HSE group. Develop, establish and implement procurement procedures, standards and systems required in administering the procurement efforts. Initiate activities related to sourcing, pre-qualification, enquiry, evaluation, recommendation, ordering in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Prepare Pre-Qualification/Screening, Tender Plans, Invitation To Bid Documents, Evaluation Criteria, Evaluation Reports and Award Recommendations. Act as focal point on all procurement matters and interfacing with User Departments and coordinating all related activities. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in business administration or equivalent. Minimum twelve (12) years relevant experience in oil and gas industry. ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.CMMS Applications Team LeaderLondon, London$NegotiablePermanent26 January 2021Team Leader CMMS Applications Responsible for managing maintenance applications, such that the applications meet the requirements and wishes of users, functions well and is constantly available. Working out, and expressing in drawings (or having others do so), designs for new platform installations and equipment or amendments to existing platform installations and equipment (or parts thereof), such that these are available on time, up to date, and meet the set requirements and government prescriptions. This role reports directly into the Manager Maintenance Systems and will have 3 application engineers and 2 document controllers as direct reports. Main Duties & Responsibilities Maintenance Applications Ensuring that maintenance applications including CMMS meets users' wishes, including by dealing with calls in which users state their wishes for themselves Agreeing with the vendor whether a given desired adjustment to the system would be technically possible/available Controlling access to, use of and safeguarding of maintenance applications by drawing up user definitions, establishing the levels of authorisation, etc. Ordering (or ensuring the order of) the installation of, and ensuring, the initial tests/assessment of new/modified system updates Advising on and/or elaborating proposals on system updates and/or on transitioning to a new version of the systems Supporting users in their use of applications or ensuring this is done and providing troubleshooting Supervising the correct use of applications, maintaining guidelines, documentation and procedures regarding the functional use of applications Continuing to ensure that the applications are functioning well Helping determine the strategy in the area of application, analysis and reporting in collaboration with manager Document Control Controlling all drawings, diagrams and documentation held and checking their actuality Controlling the composition of drawings/diagrams with the relevant engineer and acquiring information Controlling specific information/drawings from suppliers Having diagrams elaborated, and proposed changes to detailed diagrams and work drawings described, by external engineering companies Providing guidance to the drawing tasks, including outsourced ones and supervising progress and checking the diagrams and drawings delivered Flagging up any discrepancies/anomalies, coordinating the flow of information on drawings and ensuring the timely delivery of drawings and registering drawings, checking interim changes Controlling adaptations, and making amendments or having them made by external engineering company Controlling as-built drawings to the relevant platform Providing leadership to staff and representing their needs Required Competences / Qualifications / Experience / Profile Relevant bachelor degree. Work experience may compensate for limited formal education 5-10 of relevant experience Ability to address complex issues and to provide guidance to others on how work should be conducted Sound understanding of relevant technologies Familiar with creating reports/dashboards, data mapping and interfacing between applications and data sources Administrative backround/education/experience Extensive experience in maintenance management, with a minimum of 5- 10 years Good knowledge of SQL query builder Good knowledge of the impact of maintenance and document management systems Occasional offshore travels must be expected ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Mechanical EngineerCalgary, Alberta$NegotiableContract25 January 2021Petroplan is search for a Mechanical Engineer in Calgary, AB. This is a 3 month contract position. Key Accountabilities Provides mechanical engineering support to facilities design and operations. Provides discipline technical support during the project FEL process for new and/or revamp projects. Provides technical support for problem solving and development of recommendations to reduce or eliminate failures. Keeps abreast of new developments in applicable codes in order to utilize the latest available technology. Assists in the design, layout, testing, and evaluation of mechanical and electro-mechanical devices or systems. Provides support for design and/or modification of hardware in production. Oversees technical studies. Supports supply chain in mechanical system and equipment procurement activities. Required and Preferred Skills and Experience Expert level, typically 10 years of experience. Technical specialist in all areas of discipline. Highest non-supervisory level. Is known across the organization for their expertise, strategic vision and enterprise perspective. Creates unprecedented solutions to complex, non-routine problems. Provides recommendations to management within business/functional team and occasionally across business lines/regions. Often provides specialized technical/functional guidance to others within business unit/functional areas. ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.EITNorth York, OntarioCanada$NegotiableContract25 January 2021Petroplan is searching for an Engineer in Training in North York, ON This is a 1 year contract position.Duties & Responsibilities: Preparation and Delivery of Integrated Standards and Procedures based on Legacy company documentation Coordination of Standard and Procedures Reviews and planning across the department Tracking of status and preparation of Status updates and reporting on progress Maintenance of the plan for Stations Engineering to ensure that deliverables are met within allocated time Manage ongoing governance for monthly and quarterly project reporting (in partnership with Supervisor) Collate data and other inputs required and write responses, and seek approvals, for various internal Reporting Station Design support including equipment selection and site layout MUST HAVE qualifications: University degree in Engineering (preference Mechanical, Chemical, Civil, Electrical or equivalent). Maintain a high regard for personal safety, for the safety of company assets and employees, and the general public Demonstrated strong technical analysis and decision-making skills. Demonstrated strong communication skills (verbal and written). Demonstrated strong interpersonal and teamwork skills. Ability to build and maintain a good working relationship with the client groups is critical to this role. Proficient in the use of MS Word, Excel, Outlook and SharePoint. Self-motivated, independent, innovative, responsible, and a team player with a strong work ethic. NICE TO HAVE qualifications: PMP P. Eng. Or equivalent Background in Utilities Operation and Maintenance Background in equipment design and selection Working Conditions:-Office work (site visits may be required on an ad-hoc basis)-Working from home until furthe notice ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Turnaround Planner- InstrumentHanoi, Hanoi$NegotiableContract25 January 2021COMPANY : Refinery REPORTING TO : TA Planning Leader DIVISION : Maintenance (Turnaround section) Requirement Educational Level University Graduated (Instrumentation Diploma/Degree required) Work Experience General Experience (7-10 Years) Specialty/Qualification IELTS 5.0 Skills Must have more than extensive years' experience in maintenance work preferably mechanical in Petrochemical or Petroleum Refining industry of which at least significant years as in Planning of Turnaround, Degree in Mechanical discipline or equivalent qualification. Must have proven leadership qualities & be able to organize up to 25 Engineers of different disciplines and manage Planning organization independently. Purpose Develops the overall turnaround (TA) plan, schedules, and estimates; monitors, and/or supervises its execution; revises the plans when there are changes or additional work items. Responsibility Turnaround Maintenance Planning- Instrument Develop Turnaround maintenance plans for Refinery/ Petrochemical Industry including Work Pack preparation, Scheduling, Monitoring and Reports on performance against the plan. Budgeting & Costing Estimate budget related to Shutdown work scope and resources Needs Assessment Explore issues or needs, establishing potential causes and barriers as well as related issues Procurement Achieve specific procurement goals or provide support to others while following established procurement systems and protocols. Communicate effectively Develops and delivers multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences. For example, listens attentively and takes an interest. Keeps others well informed; conveys information clearly, concisely, and professionally when speaking or writing. Action oriented Takes on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm. For example, takes timely action on important or difficult issues. Identifies and pursues new opportunities that benefit the organization. ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Turnaround Planner (Common Services)Hanoi, Hanoi$NegotiableContract25 January 2021COMPANY: Refinery REPORTING TO : Turnaround Planning Leader DIVISION : Maintenance (Turnaround Sction) Requirements Educational Level College / Technical Vocational School with extensive relevant experiences Work Experience Min 5 years' experience in scaffolding / insulation / painting services for maintenance in Oil & Gas / Petrochemical industry. Candidates used to work at any Shutdown / Turnaround project in the industry will have advantage. Specialty/Qualification Scaffolding / Insulation / Painting Planning and Supervision. Minimum Level 2 Scaffolding Supervision Certificate . Knowledgeable in insulation and painting services in Oil & Gas /or Petrochemical industry Skills Extensive Scaffolding / Insulation / Painting Supervisory experiences in Oil and Gas /Petrochemical industry. Excellent communication and presentation skills Considerable experience of supervising Scaffolding / Insulation / Painting Contractors to achieve effective construction execution Excellent adaptability to a multicultural environment with a wide exposure to various cultures and customs Good planning, supervision,, and manpower management skills with a significant degree of evaluative judgement needed. Purpose Plan, site survey, estimate volumes / materials / costs of scaffolding / insulation / painting services required for all works in Shutdown / Turnaround projects. Communicate the scaffolding / insulation / painting requirements to Turnaround Contractor's supervisor and coordinate the work to ensure its compliance and conformance with the scaffold plan, safety plan, quality plan and Client requirements. Ensure that all scaffold personnel on site are instructed and motivated with respect to health, safety and environmental requirements, comply with the site regulations, and permit to work procedures. Ensure scaffold contractors' supervision and labour, adhere strictly to the project requirement, specifications, standards and procedures. Management and guidance of contractor to ensure site productivity and efficiency result in meeting contract targets. Ensure that the Health, Safety, Environment, Security (HSES) and Quality Policies are implemented and understood by all supervised staff and project contractors. In conjunction with Area Superintendent ensure scaffold erection requirements are undertaken in accordance with schedule, project specifications and procedures, and coordinated with ongoing construction activities. Responsibility TA Planner (Common Services) HSSE In conjunction with planner undertake a weekly scaffold inspection of allocated areas. Implement and maintain the requirements of the worksite safety plan and ensure the work of contractors is coordinated and managed to eliminate or minimize the risks to personnel, property and the environment. Agree method statements, risk assessments and job safety analysis. Ensure that all work is carried out in accordance with the agreed method statements. Attend contractors' toolbox talks and ensure regularly have personnel present for contractors' safety talks and meetings. Assist and advise contractors as necessary. Meet regularly with the Safety Officer to ensure that any actions necessary are taken up with contractors and followed up to ensure compliance. MANAGEMENT Plan, site survey, estimate volumes / materials / costs of scaffolding / insulation / painting services required for all works in Shutdown / Turnaround projects. Supervise and coordinate the activities of scaffolding / insulation / painting work within assigned areas. Provide daily supervisory surveillance checks and records, ensuring that contractors' management and supervision are providing safe working conditions and permit procedures, protective equipment, experienced / qualified supervision and manpower, with reliable, well maintained equipment to execute the contracted works as per contract schedule and targets Ensure that only qualified scaffolding personnel erect and modify scaffold structures, false work, and move scaffold boards. Routinely coordinate, check, review and validate the scaffolding / insulation / painting scope of work against the appropriate requirement schedule Ensure that the contractors scaffolding / insulation / painting material is of an approved type and that contractor personnel are experienced and qualified in its use Review and assess the construction drawings and specifications to ensure adequate instructions and method statements are provided for the work content described. Ensure that contractors carry out job safety analysis and that supervision review, approve and maintain a record of them close to the work area. Ensure that the scaffold erection completion, acceptance and handover to construction section are progressively implemented. Coordinate with Area Supervisor to ensure that scaffolding / insulation / painting schedules are practical with adequate manpower resources, material availability, and safe work methodology to provide construction completion within the overall project schedule. Monitor and evaluate the scaffolding / insulation / painting supervision and labor requirements to ensure adequate and economic levels. Check contractors' daily labor allocations per jobphase to ensure priority working in accordance with Level 4 contract schedules. Regularly check flow of materials through the stock yard, ensure contractors withdrawals are compatible with field and work phase requirements. Ensure contractors safe handling and preservation of materials to meet project requirements. Budgeting & Costing Estimate budget related to scaffolding / insulation / painting Needs Assessment Explore issues or needs, establishing potential causes and barriers as well as related issues Procurement Achieve specific procurement goals or provide support to others while following established procurement systems and protocols.Action oriented Takes on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm. For example, takes timely action on important or difficult issues. Identifies and pursues new opportunities that benefit the organization. Manages complexity Makes sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems. For example, looks at complex issues from multiple angles; explores issues to uncover underlying issues and root causes; sees the main consequences and implications of different options. Organizational savvy Maneuvers comfortably through complex policy, process, and people-related organizational dynamics. For example, proactively seeks to understand the organizational culture and adapts fluently to expected behaviors and protocols. Is inquisitive about the workgroup's function and the unwritten rules of the group. ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Maintenance CoordinatorLondon, LondonLondon$NegotiablePermanent25 January 2021Job Location: Veitnam (South East Asia) Permanent role Experience: Min 15 years' experience in Oil & Gas/ Petrochemical fields or Equivalent Min 5 years in a relevant management position Min 5 years engaged in actual field operation which includes not only routine operation but also troubleshooting, commissioning operation, preparation for daily and turnaround maintenance and so on. Responsibilites: Under the direct management of Maintenance Division Manager and with the assistance/ supports from Section Managers (SM), the MNT Excellence Coordinator is responsible for successful implementation of followings: Drive continuous improvement in Work Management performance of the Division via direct support to Assets and Executive. Support the section, design, implementation and results evaluation of a Maintenance Competency Program, to include competency gap analysis and creating employee development plans to close the gaps. Assist with creating/updating Maximo's and train the staff on their contents Assist with resolution of findings from audits. Development and optimization of corporate processes and standards including governing policies and drives continuous improvement of the process of delivering the preventive maintenance work Leads the development and implementation of new maintenance initiatives i.e. predictive maintenance programs Development and optimization of job plans including creating new ones and making use of appropriate asset grouping strategies. Vendor management strategies for preventive and predictive maintenance Ensures data integrity and quality in CMMS including an audit system. Leads implementation of CMMS for new clients (if any). Day- to-day training and management of CMMS team. Manage the division budget and has oversight over the budget control process related to Maintenance and Reliability Engineering Enforce requirements of a mechanical integrity program through development and maintenance of established computer-based equipment inspection plans for fired and unfired boilers, process heaters, columns, drums, reactors, heat exchangers and piping. Identify and solve worst actors. Take lead in in failure analysis to determine root cause and help develop long-term solutions to prevent repeat failures. Ensure maintenance activities related to Mechanical, Instrument, Metallurgical, Rotation Equipment, Electrical, Turnaround, Maintenance Planning, Supervising, Warehouse to be effectively implemented. Follow up plan of refinery to have short-term and long-term plan for Maintenance. ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.Instrument EngineerLondon, London$NegotiablePermanent25 January 2021Job Location: Vietnam (South-East Asia) Permanent role Experience: Minimum 15 years' experience in refinery or petrochemical fields with prior experience in engineering of industrial control systems/instrumentation systems and engaged in actual site activities for minimum 10 years which include but not limited to trouble shooting, projects, commissioning and preparation for daily and turnaround maintenance. Skills: 1) Specialize skills in international standards for petroleum/petrochemical plant materials and equipment including ISA, IEC, API, BS, ISO, etc. 2) Specialized skills with the industrial standards and code requirements for process control systems, especially Distributed Control Systems (DCS), Safety Integrated System (SIS), Fired Equipment & Burner Management Systems, Compressor Control Systems (CCS), Tank Gauging System (TGS), Custody Flow Metering System (CFMS), Instrument Asset Management System (IAMS) and Machine Monitoring Systems (MMS) and other field instrumentations. 3) Knowledgeable in oil and gas, refinery and petrochemical process and maintenance philosophies. 4) Knowledgeable in IPF/SIF engineering and implementation. 5) Knowledgeable in analyzer systems. 6) Specialized skills in reviewing project documentation, drawings, equipment specifications and testing procedures. 7) Proficiency in Microsoft applications, such as Power Point, Word and Excel, and have the ability to learn new systems quickly. 8) Skills in written and verbal communications 9) Skills in writing reports and design packages to enable implementation of engineering recommendations. 10) Advanced in read, write, and speak English 11) Strong decision-making abilities under pressure and innovative to generate new ideas 12) Strong problem-solving skills. 13) Ability to teach skills to less experience engineers. ABOUT PETROPLAN Petroplan is the trusted global recruitment solutions partner for clients and professionals in the oil, gas and energy sector. Our mission is to explore with you, seeking optimum talent solutions for our clients and the very best opportunities for our candidates. Bringing over 40 years' experience, providing experts and professionals into roles across the energy sector from Engineering, Exploration and Production, O&M projects to Corporate & Commercial. Specialist industry & technical knowledge makes our team true experts. 10,000 placements in more than 55 countries for over 550 clients across 65 disciplines Led today by a predominantly female Board of Directors who provide strong leadership and demand consistency of service to ensure clients receive unrivalled service levels and quality candidates to meet their specific needs. This leadership ethos is underpinned by a positive and client-led management structure.See all×Sign in to your accountSign inForget your Passwordclick here to reset your password- or sign in using -By connecting your social account, you are agreeing to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyNot got an account? Please register hereRegister×Reset PasswordPlease enter your email address below to receive a link to reset your password via email.CancelReset Password×Send Us Your CVFirst Name *Last Name *Email Address *Password *Upload CV *From your computer- or -From cloud storageFile-types allowed: doc | docx | pdf | rtf | odt | wpsNo special characters in filenames (eg *, $, £, etc)	Remember my details	CancelSubmit\"; //	return false; // } //} //(function() { //	$('form#sendCvFrmPopup').ajaxForm({ //	complete: function(xhr) { //	if(xhr.responseText!=''){ //	var data=xhr.responseText; //	//alert(\"data:\"+data); //	if($(\"#sendcvsave_my_details\").is(':checked') == true){ //	if(data.trim()=='password different'){ //	$('#sendcvtatus').css(\"display\",\"block\"); //	$(\"#sendcvtatus\").html(\"This email address is already registered. If you wish to update CV, please login first.\"); //	}else if(data.trim()=='register_confirmation'){ //	window.location.href=\"https://www.petroplan.com/dashboard\"; //	}else if(data.trim()=='your_account'){ //	window.location.href=\"https://www.petroplan.com/account\"; //	}else{ //	$('#sendcvtatus').css(\"display\",\"block\"); //	$('#sendcvtatus').html(data); //	} //	//	}else{ //	//alert(\"hostname :\"+window.location.hostname); //	//	if (data.match(/http/g) || data.match(/https/g) ) {//alert(\"if\"+data); /*return false;*/ //	//	data=data.replace(\"http://\"+window.location.hostname+\"/\"+\"en/\",\"\"); //	//	window.location.href=data; //	}else{ //alert(\"else\"+data); //	$('#sendcvtatus').css(\"display\",\"block\"); //	$('#sendcvtatus').html(data); //	} //	} //	} //	} //	}); //})();×Subscribe to email alertsFirst Name *Last Name *Email Address *Search CriteriaKeywordsSectors Commercial Executive & C-Suite Oil & Gas Renewables TechnologyLocations Abu Dhabi Albania Algeria Angola Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Bolivia Botswana Brazil Cameroon Canada Alberta Calgary Fort McMurray Newfoundland and Labrador St. John's Vancouver Chad Chile China Cote d'Iviore Croatia Cyprus Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Dhabi Doha Dubai Egypt Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia France French Guiana Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Holland/The Netherlands India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Italy Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kuwait Lake Charles Lebanon Libya Malaysia Maldives Malta Marystown Mauritania Mexico Monaco Morocco Mozambique New Zealand Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Poland Qatar Republic of Congo Romania Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Tanzania Thailand Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Aberdeen London Oxford Surrey United States of America Alabama California Los Angeles Chicago Kansas Louisiana Michigan Oklahoma Texas Dallas Fort Worth Houston San Antonio Washington Vietnam Yemen ZambiaJob Types Contract PermanentRemember my details	CancelSubscribeGlobal Energy Talent SolutionsCopyright© 2021 Petroplan.Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyModern SlaveryResource HubSitemapQUICK CONTACT NUMBERSLondon, UK +44 2037 258 840Guildford, UK	+44 1483 881 500Aberdeen, Scotland	+44 1224 536 210Cape Town, South Africa +27 21 250 0030Houston, USA	+1 281 657 3338Calgary, Canada	+1 403 237 8982Dubai, UAE	+971 4453 3015Maputo, Mozambique	+258 21 359 500Muscat, Oman	+968 2413 9757Recruitment Website Design by Reverse DeltaRecruitment Website Design by Reverse Delta"
