"Access Dubuque JobsLog In | Post a Jobfind a jobsearch companiesCareer FairsinternshipsveteransresourcesIowa Workforce DevelopmentMoving to DubuqueLabor and Wage Dataabout usContact Usfind a jobpost a jobsearch companiesCareer FairsinternshipsveteransresourcesIowa Workforce DevelopmentMoving to DubuqueLabor and Wage Dataabout usContact UsLog In | Create an Accountjob title, skills, keywords or company nameAll Categories Accounting/Auditing (20) Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations (11) Agricultural (7) Animal Care (1) Architecture/Engineering/Drafting (17) Arts and Entertainment (3) Athletics/Fitness/Recreation (4) Automotive (8) Banking/Mortgage/Financial Services (42) Building and Grounds (16) Career Fair (4) Cashier (2) Casino (9) Child Care/Day Care/Personal Care (12) Church/Clergy/Religious (6) Clerical/Office Administration (62) Construction/Skilled Trades (29) Cosmetology/Massage Therapy/Spa (1) Customer Service (97) Delivery (14) Dental (3) Dietary (15) Education (46) Environmental/Quality Assurance/Safety (22) Food and Beverage (32) Government/Public Service (16) Graphic Design/Social Media (5) Grocery (1) Health Care (220) Hotel/Hospitality/Tourism (2) Housekeeping/Janitorial (21) Human and Social Services (54) Human Resources (13) Industrial (68) Information Technology/Telecommunications (21) Installation (8) Insurance (18) Internship (4) Labor (65) Law Enforcement (4) Legal (2) Maintenance/Repair (32) Management/Executive (53) Manufacturing (111) Mechanic (12) Municipal (1) Optical (1) Pharmacy (8) Photography/Videography (2) Production (72) Publishing/Printing (11) Purchasing (4) Real Estate (1) Retail Sales (11) Sales/Service (45) Sciences (3) Security (2) Shipping/Warehousing (46) Skilled Labor Trades (91) Technical (15) Transportation (37) Veterinary Services (2) Volunteer and Non-profit (58)industry typeadvanced searchCompaniesOver two thousand companies actively post on AccessDubuqueJobs.com.Choose one from the list to the right to view a profile and current job postings.This web site is the result of a collaborative effort between TH Media, Greater Dubuque Development Corporation, and our investors including the majority of the companies featured here.Select a Company A.Y. McDonald Mfg ADM Artco Fleeting Services Advance Pump & Equipment Inc Alliant Energy Anamosa Journal-Eureka Anamosa State Penitentiary Andersen Windows & Doors APC, American Protein Corporation Appleton - Green Bay Radio (A Division of WCI) Area Residential Care Avantax Planning Partners BARD Materials Berry Global, Inc. Bimbo Bakeries USA Black Hills Energy Bloomfield Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center Bodine Electric Company Boy Scouts Of America Northeast Iowa Council Camso Carlisle Ryan Digital Print and Services Cartegraph Cascade Lumber Co Cascade Pioneer (A Division of WCI) Citizens Finance City of Dubuque City of Peosta Clarke University Colony Brands, Inc. Community Foundation Of Greater Dubuque Conlon Construction Co. Cottingham & Butler/ SISCO Creative Adventure Lab Crescent Community Health Center Crescent Electric Supply Co Creslanes CROWN Cork & Seal USA, Inc. Dairy Queen DDI, Inc Decker Precision Machining Inc Deery Brothers of Dubuque Diamond Jo Casino Digga DMI, LLC | Precision Reality Donut Boy Dubuque Area Chamber of Commerce Dubuque Bank and Trust Dubuque Community School District Dubuque Community YMCA/YWCA Dubuque County Sheriff's Office Dubuque County Dubuque ENT Head & Neck Surgery Dubuque Museum Of Art Dubuque Screw Products Inc Duluth Trading Company Dupaco Community Credit Union DuTrac Community Credit Union Dyersville Commercial Eagle Point Software Corporation Eagle Ridge Resort & Spa East Central Intergovernmental Assoc East Dubuque Nitrogen Fertilizers Eide Bailly EIMCo Envision Sports Escape Room Dubuque EXPRESS Employment Professionals Fahrner Asphalt Sealers LLC FARMTEK Fazoli's Fence Talk Digital Fidelity Bank & Trust First Community Bank Flexsteel Industries, Inc Foodliner, Inc. Grand River Medical Group Grand View United Methodist Church Grant Iowa Lafayette Shopping News Grant Regional Health Center Great River Learning Greater Dubuque Development Corporation Green Industrial Supply, Inc. GreenState Credit Union Gronen Hartig Drug Hawkeye Care Center of Dubuque Heartland Financial USA, Inc. Hillcrest Family Services Hills & Dales Hilton Garden Inn Hirschbach Motor Lines, Inc. HODGE Holy Family Catholic Schools Holy Trinity Lutheran Church Honkamp Krueger & Co., P.C. Horsfield Construction Inc Hotline Freight Houlihan's Restaurant IIW, P.C. Illinois Bank & Trust ImOn Communications Jo Daviess County Health Dept John Deere Dubuque Works Kendall Hunt Publishing Company Klauer Manufacturing Company Kunkel & Associates, Inc. Kwik Stop L&M Corrugated Container Corporation Lime Rock Springs Co. | Pepsi Dubuque Linn Newsletter Loras College Luther Manor Communities M & M Sales Managed Solutions Group Manchester Press Marion Times Mary's Inn Maternity Home McCoy Construction & Forestry McCoy Group, Inc. McCoy NationaLease McCullough Creative McGraw Hill Medical Associates Medline Industries MedOne Pharmacy Benefit Solutions MercyOne Mi-T-M Corporation Midwest Dental Midwest Janitorial Service MidWestOne Bank Mission Creative (A Division of WCI) Mississippi Valley Forest Products Inc Modernfold Molo Companies Morrison Bros. Co. Mount Carmel Bluffs Mount Vernon/Lisbon Sun National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium Neumeister Animal Hospital Newt Marine Next Generation Wireless Northeast Iowa Community College O'Connor & Thomas PC O'Connor, Brooks & Co, P.C. PBS Systems Group Pet Med Animal Health Center Platinum Supplemental Insurance Portzen Construction Prairie Farms (White Hill Cheese) Prairie Farms Premier Bank Progressive Processing, LLC Propulse® A Schieffer Co. Prudential Financial PSSI Q Casino Quanex Building Products Rainbo Oil Company RB Electric REM IOWA - A Partner of The Mentor Network Resurrection Parish Richland Center Shopping News (A Divison of WCI) RIE Coatings, LLC Rite Hite Corp Rockfarm Supply Chain Solutions Roger Klosterman & Co LLP Rousselot RT&T Enterprises Inc. Sedgwick Sedona Staffing Services Simmons Pet Food Sinsinawa Dominicans, Inc. Sisters of St. Francis Sisters of the Presentation Smart Retract Inc. Solon Economist/North Liberty Leader SONAC Southwest Health Southwest Wisconsin Technical College Spahn & Rose Lumber Co Stonehill Communities Substance Abuse Services Center Tegeler Body & Frame, Wrecker & Crane Telegraph Herald The Fountain of Youth The Friedman Group, Inc The Metrix Company Theisen Home Farm Auto Thompson Truck & Trailer TOMY International TRICOR Insurance Truck Country Tucker Freight Lines Two Rivers Marketing Unified Newspaper Group (A Division of WCI) Unique Boutique Unison Solutions UnityPoint Health Finley Hospital Universal Tank & Fabrication University of Dubuque University Of Wisconsin-Platteville Vendors Unlimited Verena Street Coffee Co. Vinny Vanucchi's Wagner Nursery Inc. Wartburg Theological Seminary Waterloo Radio Webber Metal Products Weitz Sign Company West Branch Times Westmark Enterprises, Inc. Wisconsin Bank & Trust Woodward Communications, Inc Woodward Printing Services (A Division of WCI) WoodwardBizMedia (A Division of WCI)Diamond Jo CasinoContact InformationCompany Name: Diamond Jo CasinoAddress: 301 Bell StDubuque, IA 52001Phone: 563-690-4800Web Site: http://www.diamondjo.comDescriptionDiamond Jo offers many perks for its team members, including a free meal during their shift, a holiday gift check and children's party, an annual picnic, discounted show tickets in the Mississippi Moon Bar and team member appreciation events throughout the year… just to name a few.Situated in the historic Port of Dubuque, Diamond Jo Casino is an entertainment destination not to be missed! We offer a high-energy casino with nearly 1,000 slots, 20 table games, more than 200 nights of live entertainment each year at the Mississippi Moon Bar, a state-of-the-art bowling center and five restaurants.Boyd Gaming is one of the leading companies in the gaming industry, but we've kept the culture and feel of a family-owned business, something that makes our Company a special place to work. Of course, few family-owned businesses can offer you the chance to work in an environment of exhilarating casino action, chart-topping entertainment, award-winning restaurants, beautiful environments, and plenty of recreational pursuits. At Boyd Gaming, our business is making sure our customers have fun. Further information about our company as well as our job openings can be found at: http://www.boydcareers.com/7 NovCOCKTAIL SERVERDiamond Jo Casino+Greet and serve beverages to guests in lounges, restaurants or gaming areas in a friendly, courteous and timely manner. Job FunctionsGreet and serve patrons in lounge, restaurant, or gaming areas in a friendly, courteous manner.7 NovSUBWAY ATTENDANTDiamond Jo Casino+Receive food and beverage orders from guests. Prepare and serve food and beverages in accordance with established service standards. Operate cash register, complete monetary transactions, and maintain an accurate bank. Maintain cleanliness of snack bar areas.4 NovBARTENDER FILAMENTDiamond Jo Casino+Receive and fulfill beverage orders including mixing alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks according to standard beverage recipes. Complete monetary transactions and maintain an accurate bank. Maintain the cleanliness of the bar area and equipment.4 NovFOOD SERVER FILAMENTDiamond Jo Casino+Receive and serve food and beverage orders from guests. May also be responsible for collecting payment and making change for guest checks.Job FunctionsGreet and communicate with guests in a friendly, courteous manner.4 NovKITCHEN HELPER IDiamond Jo Casino+Sanitize and clean dishes, glassware, and flatware. Wash pots, pans, and trays. Sweep and mop kitchen floors. Maintain cleanliness of kitchen surfaces and equipment.Job FunctionsSanitize and clean dishes, silverware, and glassware by hand or automatic dishwasher.21 OctSECURITY OFFICERDiamond Jo Casino+Responsible for providing for the safety and security of guests, employees, and property and company assets.Job FunctionsCirculate through hotel, casino, and outdoor areas looking for possible disturbances, illegal activity, or safety hazards and take appropriate action.21 OctSECURITY OFFICER LEADDiamond Jo Casino+Responsible for providing for the safety and security of guests, employees, and property and company assets.Job FunctionsCirculate through hotel, casino, and outdoor areas looking for possible disturbances, illegal activity, or safety hazards and taking appropriate action.21 OctBARTENDER - WOODFIRE GRILLEDiamond Jo Casino+Receive and fulfill beverage orders including mixing alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks according to standard beverage recipes. Complete monetary transactions and maintain an accurate bank. Maintain the cleanliness of the bar area and equipment.17 OctBOWLING DESK CLERKDiamond Jo Casino+Provide bowling guests with efficient, courteous service. Maximize the utilization of lanes and equipment through efficient control of customer flow.Job FunctionsOperation of control desk by issuing lanes to open play guest, turn lanes on/off for leagues and tournaments.1 OctFOOD SERVER SPECIALITY - WOODFIRE GRILLEDiamond Jo Casino+Receive and serve food and beverage orders from guests. May also be responsible for collecting payment and making change for guest checks.Job FunctionsGreet and communicate with guests in a friendly, courteous manner.16 SepFood Server BanquetDiamond Jo Casino+Serve food and beverages to banquet guests. Set up banquet functions by setting tables with linens, dishes, flatware, and glassware according to banquet order. Break down banquet functions by clearing tables and transporting used items to appropriate areas to be cleaned.11 SepSURVEILLANCE MANAGERDiamond Jo Casino+Responsible for the day-to-day operations of the surveillance department. Protect company assets by observing gaming and non-gaming activities to ensure safety, integrity, security and company policies and procedures are followed. Supervise staff and department activities.31 AugAGENT LEAD SURVEILLANCEDiamond Jo Casino+Responsible for monitoring the activities of the casino floor and all areas of the property. Utilize the necessary equipment to respond to, identify, and record questionable activities. Assist supervisor with training of surveillance agents in accordance with gaming regulations.31 AugAGENT SURVEILLANCEDiamond Jo Casino+Observe gaming and non-gaming activity by monitoring electronic surveillance equipment to ensure compliance with applicable laws, procedures, regulations and rules and protect company assets from illegal or questionable activities.accessdubuquejobs.comfind a jobpost a jobsearch companiesresourcesabout uscontact usterms & conditionsprivacy policyfollow usfacebookaccessdubuquejobs.com is a product of THMedia © --- SERVER ID: cp4722"
