"Pragma StrategyHome Job Listings from Public Domain Security Engineers Pragma StrategyPragma StrategyPublished: Thursday, 15 October 2020	Security Consultant - Entry Level at Pragma StrategyEmployer ReferralJob DescriptionBackground Pragma is a fast-expanding cybersecurity consultancy, led by industry veterans, that provides a range of security services to clients in across Asia and Europe. We have a client base that spans tiny start-ups to colossal multinationals, and every industry from Finance to Shipping to Sports and Education. We pride ourselves on our egalitarian startup culture, and we believe in hiring the smartest people with the best professional skills and giving them the support they need to grow and develop. We are looking for Security Consultants (Entry Level) to join our Consultancy division, based in Singapore but working for clients across Asia. In this role, you will work on a variety of projects to help our clients secure their digital future, including cloud security, penetration testing, cutting edge cyber insurance, risk management for Digital Banking licences, live incident response and forensics: whatever is necessary to help the client succeed. You’ll be working with a team of experts and veterans, and we’ll give you the support and training you need to learn and develop your security expertise. Our clients, in turn, will look to you for advice and support as they grapple with security certifications, or cloud migrations, or meeting the exacting demands of Financial Regulators, or the growing pains of turning a small start-up into a world-beating multinational. Pragma is committed to diversity and inclusion and assesses all applicants equally on their merits. We are committed to building a radically different working culture that gives people the chance to build a working life that works for both them and their clients. We fully support remote working. Responsibilities Depending on your skills and experience and the needs of our clients, your responsibilities are likely to include some or all of the following: Developing, testing and implementing secure cloud-based systems Setting up and running security and risk governance programmes for FinTechs or Financial Institutions Implementing security to meet the demands of global standards or legislation such as ISO27000, NIST or GDPR, and auditing again those standards Developing secure hardened operating systems and database builds for a multinational Running penetration tests on systems ranging from websites to email tenancies to source code reviews to IoT deployments Assisting with post-breach incident response and forensics for companies that are recovering from live attacks Collaborate with team members to improve the client’s engineering tools, systems and procedures, and data security Develop and implement risk management frameworks Act as trusted risk and security advisor to our clients Help define and deliver solutions to clients' security and risk issues · Conduct automated system-level vulnerability security scan, harden system and application platform Troubleshoot, performs root cause analysis, implements corrective/preventive actions during and after an incident Create and maintain documentation and processes for troubleshooting, maintaining, and configuring systems Support audit and infrastructure/network security scans, disaster recovery and security-related drills Requirements You’ll need good communication skills, a calm voice in a crisis, an ability to efficiently solve new technical problems, and a broad knowledge of computer systems and security. The sense of achievement you’ll get from helping companies grow and thrive is truly rewarding, and we will back that with a decent salary and great long-term opportunities. This role requires a wide mix of practical IT technical experience and/or risk management skills. Technical experience should include: Open to fresh graduates A broad understanding of information security concepts and technologies A broad understanding of Cloud technologies Passionate about technology and security A quick learner that can take in large amounts of information and analyse and make use of this information We would expect the successful applicant to also have a mix of some of the following skills and qualifications, but not necessary: Relevant certifications in cybersecurity, e.g. CISSP, OSCP, or CRT, etc. or similar. Broad technical knowledge of both on-premise and cloud operating models. Strong understanding of information security and privacy requirements. Great one-on-one communication skills in stressful situations. Strong written professional English. Experience in ISO27001 or CSA or SOC2 implementation or audit. Ability to manage your own work and own time to meet challenging deadlines. Ability to work in multiple languages. Enjoys solving problems for clients. Be able to analyse complex problems and produce simple solutions Be able to work collaboratively in a team that spans multiple sites Be able to produce clear, well-documented code Be confident, motivated, and reliable What we offer A competitive salary. Training and certification in a security specialism of your choice: we’ll help you develop your skills further The opportunity to learn security from industry experts. Work with prestigious financial and multinational clients. How to apply To apply for this role, send in your CV/Resume to click apply with the following information: Earliest available date Current/Expected salary (if applicable) Nationality/Do you require a work visa in Singapore Show moreOriginal Joblink : https://sg.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-consultant-entry-level-at-pragma-strategy-2163548270to BizLINKS Resourcesvia BizLINKS ResourcesHits: 173	Country: SingaporeEmployment Type: Full timeSalary: OpenNOTE: This job description was extracted from public domain and published here as a value added service to BizLINKS Resources members. We are currently not a direct vendor to the above organisation and would be interested to work with the above through a internal organisation referralSubscribe Network Engineer FeedSubscribe System Engineer FeedSubscribe Software Engineer FeedSubscribe Security Engineer FeedSubscribe HR Business Partner FeedSubscribe Analyst (Business / Intelligennce/ Data) Partner FeedSubscribe Financial / Accounting Subscription FeedSubmit A Generic ApplicationBizlinksCONNECT.com.sgOur Services - MOM Licence: 93C3872"
