"Your’re doing a great job! – Mal Wright Pest and Building InspectionsSkip to content(02) 4968 4630|inspections@malwright.com.aufacebookEmailSearch for:HOMEHALL OF SHAMEPRICETESTIMONIALSBOOK YOUR INSPECTIONSFAQCONTACTSearch for:HOMEHALL OF SHAMEPRICETESTIMONIALSBOOK YOUR INSPECTIONSFAQCONTACTPrevious	Next	Your’re doing a great job!Your’re doing a great job!Your're doing a great job! I discovered you by google searching and found your website to be the best. Then I began asking agents at inspections if you were good and most of them said that you were too anal and thorough but they would use you. They are right and we were so impressed with you and your thoroughness and advice and your easy to understand report. It's such a nerve racking process buying property so thanks for your help and wish us luck. Thanks again,K HMal Wright Pest and Building Inspections2016-06-08T09:59:01+10:00K HYour're doing a great job! I discovered you by google searching and found your website to be the best. Then I began asking agents at inspections if you were good and most of them said that you were too anal and thorough but they would use you. They are right and we were so impressed with you and your thoroughness and advice and your easy to understand report. It's such a nerve racking process buying property so thanks for your help and wish us luck. Thanks again,	https://www.malwright.com.au/testimonials/yourre-doing-a-great-job/By Nigel Archer|2016-06-08T10:13:02+10:00June 8th, 2016|Comments Off on Your’re doing a great job!Share This StoryfacebooktwitterlinkedinreddittumblrpinterestvkEmailAbout the Author: Nigel Archer	Copyright 2016 All Rights Reserved	facebookEmailCOVID-19 Update: Mal Wright Pest and Building Inspections is still operating over this period as per the government recommendations.There must not be more than 1 other person inside the house at the time of the inspection.The owners are welcome to be outside while I am inside and vice versa.We sanitise before and after every inspection. Please contact us for further information or concerns."
