"Senior Salesforce Administrator | Heartland Financial | HandshakeHomeLearn MoreHelpYou are viewing a preview of this job. Log in or register to view more details about this job.Senior Salesforce AdministratorHeartland FinancialTweetEmailHeartland Financial USA, Inc. (Heartland) is seeking a Senior Salesforce Administrator to join our growing team in Dubuque, IA. Under minimal supervision, the Senior Salesforce Administrator is responsible for continued development and testing for various Salesforce initiatives within the organization to improve the customer experience. The Salesforce Administrator will ensure that the organization is capitalizing on the full features and benefits of the Salesforce system. This role will be part of a corporate team that will interact with other technical groups, business leaders, and process owners to ensure the best customer experience.Qualifications:1. 5-7 years of experience with Salesforce.2. Bachelor's degree (BA or BS)3. 1-3 years of dedicated Salesforce development experience, including knowledge of APEX and Lightning development tools.4. In-depth knowledge of the standard capabilities of SFDC and proven success within these capabilities through custom code and/or integration with eternal systems.5. Demonstrated ability to integrate solutions between SFDC and external systems.6. Banking industry knowledge preferred.7. Ability to work independently, as well as part of a team.8. Proven ability to utilize Salesforce.com as a sales analysis tool.9. Proven problem-solving skills relating to data and software applications.At Heartland Financial USA, Inc., we are one of the top 100 bank holding companies nationwide, Heartland delivers high-quality financial products and service to clients in the Midwestern, Southwestern and Western United States. This means great resources and career opportunities for our staff! We can provide you the training and support to develop a great career at Heartland Financial USA, Inc. If you long to join a successful team while expanding your professional skills and experience, then explore a career with us today!We’re committed to being an Employer of Choice providing a positive, professional work culture that takes care of the welfare of our team members. We believe in:•	Talent Development – We provide resources to support internal career growth•	Recognition and Reward – We provide competitive compensation and rewards programs•	Corporate Citizenship – We’re committed to making a difference in our communities•	Balance – We believe in balance between work, leisure, and wellness•	Empowerment – We help people grow professionally through empowerment to make decisions and take responsibility for themWe offer competitive compensation and benefits, including:•	Paid time off, community volunteering, parental leave, and Holidays.•	Tuition Benefit plan•	401k Retirement plan with company match & Discretionary Profit Sharing plan•	Subsidized Medical and Dental insurance•	Free Life and Disability insurance coverage•	Flexible Spending Accounts•	Voluntary Vision, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity, and Accident plans•	Employee Assistance program for staff and family membersSubmit your resume online at www.htlf.com/#/careersEOE/AA EmployerM/F/Disabled/Vet"
