"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs12 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchHadoop Big Data Market Research Data Warehousing Machine Learning Computer ScienceRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9022) SQL (8) Data Science (7) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6) Data Analysis (6)Python (5) Excel (5) Software Engineering (5) Data Management (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) ETL (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3) Statistics (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisAssistant Director of Business IntelligenceThe University of Texas System Austin, TX, USAFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Jan 15, 2021Full-timeFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Principal Data Platform ArchitectSnowflake Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Senior Cyber Threat HunterPfizer Collegeville, PA, USAThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Software Engineer, Vehicle User Interface (C++)Tesla Austin, TX, USAThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Software Development EngineerAmazon San Diego, CA, USAAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Frontend DeveloperCactus Communications RemoteAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Senior Software Engineer/DeveloperFidelity Investments Westlake, TX, USAProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Database Platform EngineerTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Sr. Data Analyst, Commercial Service OperationsTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Senior Manager / Associate Director - Data Strategy & GovernanceGilead Sciences Foster City, CA, USAThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...May 04, 2020Full-timeThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
