"Design Jobs Board | Junior Artworker Junior Artworker - Design Jobs BoardWe offer a range of different prices to suit all kinds of requirements, from finding your first intern to bagging the best senior creatives to head up your team. All of our vacancies are advertised for a period of 30 days.Internship listing - £49 + VATWe want to help creatives to get their first step in to the industry. We advertise internships that meet the national minimum wage and are grouped with the standard listings. They each get posted on our social channels to over 14,000 followers.Standard listing - £99 + VATThese live further down on the Design Jobs Board homepage. They each get posted on our social channels to over 14,000 followers.Premium listing - £199 + VATThese live in the bright coloured bars at the top of the Design Jobs Board homepage. They receive 500% more views than our standard listings. They each get posted on our social channels to over 14,000 followers. The latest ads are shown at the top of the list.Multiple Package - £399 + VATThe package for when you have a handful of jobs to fill and want to get a hefty discount. 4 x Standard Listings + 1 x Premium Listing. Receiving almost 50% discount on individual listings. Automated and bespoke post on DJB's social platforms. Email robyn@designjobsboard.com for more info.Recruitment Package - £499 + VAT per monthThis is the package for when you regularly have 10 jobs to fill and want a serious discount. 9 x Standard Listings + 1 x Premium Listing. Almost a 60% discount on individual listings. Advertising Banner linking to dedicated webpage. Automated and bespoke post on DJB's social platforms. Minimum 3 month contract. Email robyn@designjobsboard.com for more info.Welcome to Design Jobs Board, the best place to find and advertise new vacancies across the creative industries. Whether you're after a change of career, or looking to advertise an opportunity to our audience of industry leaders, we’re here to connect the finest creative talent with the most respected agencies across the UK. With thousands of monthly users, we specialise in connecting you to the best candidates through our unique partnerships, without flooding your inbox with applications.TestimonialsMike Radcliffe, MD - Represent'DJB is our go to jobs site when we’re searching for talent. The jobs we post on DJB always get a healthy response and we likely find the right candidate for the job. The site is quick and easy to use and we love all the ‘social’ that goes with it. We’re super happy to work with DJB and look forward to a long relationship.’Joel O’Connor, Creative Director - ABComm'We had lots of great candidates through Design Jobs Board and have just offered someone the position this afternoon. Thank you very much! We’ll be sure to use you next time we’re looking.'Stephen Holmes, Creative Director - Bloody Big Spider'We always use Design Jobs Board to advertise our roles, they’ve got a great looking (and usable) site that always seems to attract the best designers – we’re then spoilt for choice.'Angie Juttner-Hart - MD FOR'We regularly use Design Jobs Board and receive quality candidates within the design world. The website is simple to use and we are always looked after by the DJB team.’Mike Jones, Head of Brand - SSAT'I received a huge number of applications for the role from DJB so just wanted to say what a great service you offer in helping recruit creatives... if only other sectors offered similar services!’Emma Stanyon, Communications Director - Immotion'We've managed to fill the post - it was the best response to any medium that we've ever used - I was really impressed.'Whether you’re interested in a package or just have a question, drop us a line on info@designjobsboard.com or call on 020 3488 1308.Terms & ConditionsAll payments for advertising must be paid through the payment service ‘Stripe’ before the advert will be made live on our site.Material or URLs submitted for advertising must comply with any applicable laws.If the Customer wishes to cancel an advertisement or job post, no refund will be given.Design Jobs Board is not responsible for content posted by the customer. All information should be truthful, accurate and appropriate.All rights in the design, content and other material on design jobs board are copyright of us and other third parties. As a user, you may view, print and download material for your own personal use only (but not in a systematic. or regular manner as to make a database of the contents).By posting a job on designjobsboard.com you agree to all elements of the vacancy including, but not limited to, the title, content, salary and application details, being shared on our partner sites and on social media platforms.In the current environment, the team at Design Jobs Board recognise that business priorities have changed. Whilst we navigate this together we would like to support the business and design community by offering free advertising via our considerable social following.If you would like to advertise your business, recruitment agency, design agency and services on DJB's social channels, please get in touch with info@designjobsboard.com.We will do our absolute best to support our clients in these unusual times. If you are still hiring, then please think of us and our normal service will continue.For candidates searching, we will do everything we can to continue bringing the best design jobs to you.Thank you,Carly & RobynFormAbout Pricing Post a Job ContactSunday 17th JanuaryThe best design jobs today.About Pricing Post a Job ContactJunior ArtworkerJob ref.: FCB2021Full Time	Up to £24,000Freud CommunicationsLondon3 weeks agoApply by email Visit website Share to friendTweet this JobThe Companyfreuds is a leading communications agency which unites a diverse group of specialists to create a family of unrivalled and unstoppable thinkers and doers.freuds only takes on work once we know we can make a real difference. We join the dots between insight, strategy, creativity, measurement – and our sheer love of the work – to build campaigns that create tailored and meaningful impact. We then bring the work to life through our unrivalled connectivity.Headquartered in London, with offices in New York and experience of global operations, our team of 250 consultants span insight, communications planning and strategy, media activation, social media, stakeholder relations, content production, film making and event production. Together we seek purpose, meaning and impact in everything that we do.The TeamPeople curate part of their own identities through the brands they choose. freuds Branded aligns organisations with their audiences, building not just beautiful imagery but emotional architecture. We create compelling brand identities for businesses, public sector institutions,NGOs, products and campaigns. freuds provides a comprehensive brand design and creation package throughout.But aside from that, we’re a pretty great set of people who enjoy design and doing it wellThe RoleWe are looking for an organised and self-motivated individual with a genuine enthusiasm fordigital design and artworking. We not only need you to have an eye for beautiful content, but you should be great at producing it aswell. Attention to detail is a must, with a willingness to learn and adapt. Being able to stay cool under pressure and manage deadlines effectively is necessary. It’s a fast-paced role within an even faster growing area of the business, so you’ll need to be ready to hit the ground running.40%Product mockups (think maybe changing the colour on a shoe or putting a logo on a window)Apparel mockups (from hoodies to hats to t-shirts to bags and more)Digital design – social media assets, web pages – the lot.60%Supporting the team in responding to design briefs. Sounds vague, but this could be anything from a developing ideas for a companies rebrand, editorial/layout design for one of quarterly journals or even sketching concepts for infographics to accompany a brand launch.The list is endless.Your design skills & experienceGood working relationship with Photoshop & Illustrator (Adobe CS) – Indesign is a plus.Demonstrable design skills in an online portfolio showcasing your best digital workPrevious experience with producing a good volumes of digital / web assets for online platformsAbility to produce work for a wide range of channels, including social media, email, desktop and mobile, with a good understanding of the best practices of each platform.Unfortunately due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not possible to respond directly to all applicants, only to those whose candidacy is being pursued. In addition, the length of the recruitment process varies based on the vacancy needs. Traditionally, the process takes approximately 3-4 weeks. Therefore, your patience is greatly appreciated.freuds are an Equal Opportunity employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Whatever your race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability – we want to hear from youApply by emailVisit websiteShare to friendTweet this Job© Design Jobs Board 2021Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyTermsThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more.AcceptSubscribe to our newsletterFirst NameLast Name"
