"Hint is Expanding Teams in San Francisco and New York OfficesSkip to main contentget FREE shipping on any 3+ cases!waterstill sparkling hint kick hint kids bundlessun and bodyhand sanitizer face masks deodorant sunscreen sunstick sun bundlessubscribe to saveour storydrink hint Drinkhint.com logofind a storerewardsaccountmy ordersmy subscriptionsOpen Search Button Opens search formWhat are you looking for?Close Search Form Closes search formOpen cart Open cart button0 items in cart Shows number of items in cartshop water shop sun and bodymy accountsubscribe to savefind a storerewardsour storyChevron left A left facing arrow continueshoppingshopping cart ( )Get FREE shipping on any 3+ cases!subscribe to save: 20% off–+×Add a gift note to your ordersubtotalcheckout nowredeem hint® rewards pointswork with usHint is on a mission to help the world live a healthy lifestyle by making products people love. With passion and hard work, it is possible to make products that delight consumers while enabling them to be healthier and happier. That’s what we do every day.view open positionsour peopleHint is looking for driven, collaborative individuals to help us achieve our mission of healthier lifestyles for all. We're expanding teams in our San Francisco and New York offices as well as our talented, remote sales team.\"Working at a dynamic company like hint has provided me with many opportunities to take on new responsibilities as the business continues to grow. It is rewarding to be a part of such a highly-motivated and entrepreneurial team that's always thinking about what's next.\"Blake KurisuDirector Online Subscriptionshint since 2017\"Working at Hint has been an amazing experience. I joined in 2017 and I have seen so much growth in the company. When I started we were still delivering cases out of my Prius and now we have 4 full-time Merchandisers in my area.Most importantly, Hint cares about their employees, my sales team is extremely supportive and we help each other succeed. We definitely work hard and play harder at Hint.\"Jessica Chanhint since 2017\"One of my favorite things about working at Hint is being able to work cross-functionally with a team of passionate people, dedicated to the growth of the business. A true healthy lifestyle brand that supports employee health & wellness, as well as a dog-friendly office.\"Ted MosleyFinancial Planning & Analysishint since 2018our benefitsWe are dedicated to the health and happiness of our employees. We cover 100% of insurance premiums, birthdays off, commuter benefits and 401K both regular and Roth.As an added bonus, we are dog friendly and welcome well behaved pups in our SF office. We also provide a health/wellness stipend and endless water.our valueslead a healthy lifestylebuild products that delighttake initiativework hardbe inclusivebe approachablesolve problemsmake a splashour businessHint is on a mission to help the world live a healthy lifestyle by making products people love. Founded in 2005, hint is a hyper growth, entrepreneurial beverage and lifestyle brand with sustained historical revenue growth rates year over year. The idea behind hint is simple: pure water, nature's original refreshment, accented with fruit essence. No sugar, no diet sweeteners. EVER.view open positionsfeatured indiscovery pack (24 bottles)Discover your favorite hint® flavors — try 24 bottles including 18 different flavors! 2 bottles watermelon hint 2 bottles blackberry hint 2 bottles pineapple hint 2 bottles cherry hint 2 bottles lemon hint 2 bottles peach hint 1 bottle clementine 1 bottle mango hint 1 bottle crisp apple hint 1 bottle strawberry kiwi 1 bottle raspberry hint 1 bottle mango grapefruit hint 1 bottle pear hint 1 bottle pomegranate hint 1 bottle blood orange hint 1 bottle peppermint hint 1 bottle apple pear hint kick with caffeine 1 bottle black raspberry hint kick with caffeine Get free shipping on orders of 3+ cases sitewide. This product qualifies as 2 cases.$39.99peach raspberry hint® waterPure flavored water, with a taste of peach, raspberry and other natural flavors one case of twelve 16-oz. bottles zero diet sweeteners zero calories zero preservatives vegan, gluten-free, kosher$19.99watermelon hint® waterPure flavored water, with delicious watermelon and other natural flavors one case of twelve 16-oz. bottles zero diet sweeteners zero calories zero preservatives vegan, gluten-free, kosher$19.99hint® Flavors of the Month Bundle Subscription ** Januaryall the hint®, none of the hassle Subscribe to the hint of the month bundle, and get three hint water flavors delivered monthly to your door. Subscription includes free shipping, and an occasional free gift from us (because we love our subscribers!). No commitment, cancel anytime. Your fridge will thank you. hint of the month flavors: Flavor combinations cannot be customized. January: watermelon, peach raspberry, mango February: pineapple, strawberry-kiwi, honeycrisp apple March: blackberry, mango-grapefruit, raspberry April: peach, blood orange, blueberry lemon May: cherry, lemon, crisp apple June: watermelon, strawberry lemon, clementine three cases of twelve 16-oz. bottles each month flavors alternate monthly zero diet sweeteners zero calories zero preservatives vegan, gluten-free, kosher$46.99shoptrack ordersreviewslocationssubscribe to saveflavored watersparkling watercaffeinated waterkids flavored watervariety packsoffice water deliverysunscreendeodorantface maskscompanygive $10, get $10hint® rewardspresscareershint® greenpublisher affiliate programhelpmy accountcontact usFAQreturn policyshipping policysitemapaccessibility statementsign up for our newsletter!sign upCopyright 2019 Hint Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal InformationDrinkhint.com accepts payment via major credit cards including Visa, Mastercard and American Express.Our Privacy Policy has been revised on December 31, 2019. Use of our sites constitute agreement with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.Help Help icon HelpHelpHelp Help iconhow do i swap flavors for my subscription?can I change the billing method for my subscription?can I change the shipping address for my hint subscription?how can I contact hint?more...Log InEmail Password forgot password?Sign InNew here? Create an account instead.Close modal Closes login modalwelcome to hint!Join our email list to be the first to hear about hint special offers and updates!I'm in!*By completing this form you are signing up to receive our emails and can unsubscribe at any time.New Product Alert!Grapefruit Hand SanitizerInfused with our signature fruit essences!3-pack (2-oz) bottles for $19.99Add to cartNo thanks, continue to checkout`); CartJS.addItem(roadblockVariantId, 1, {}, { \"success\": function(data, textStatus, jqXHR) { InlineCart.updateCheckout(CartJS.cart, function(){ $('.js-checkout-inline').trigger('click') }) }, \"error\": function(data, textStatus, jqXHR) { atcTrigger.html(`Add to cart`); alert(\"There was an error adding this product to the cart.\"); } }); });"
