"Privacy Policy - SELECTA Recruitment0333 300 1288 [email protected]HomeServicesAboutContactSelect PagePrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy sets out how we, SELECTA Recruitment, collect, store and use information about you when you use or interact with our website, https://selecta.jobs (our website) and where we otherwise obtain or collect information about you. This Privacy Policy is effective from 1st January 2020.Contents– Summary– Our details– Information we collect when you visit our website– Information we collect when you contact us– Information we collect when you interact with our website– Information we collect when you place an order on our website– Our use of automated decision-making and profiling– How we collect or obtain information about you from third parties– Disclosure and additional uses of your information– How long we retain your information– How we secure your information– Transfers of your information outside the European EconomicArea– Your rights in relation to your information– Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes– Sensitive Personal Information– Changes to our Privacy Policy– Children’s Privacy– California Do Not Track Disclosures– CopyrightSummaryThis section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy. Data controller: SELECTA RecruitmentHow we collect or obtain information about you:when you provide it to us e.g. by contacting us, creating an account or placing an order on our website, from your use of our website, using cookies, and occasionally, from third parties.Information we collect:Name, contact details, payment information e.g. your credit or debit card details, IP address, information from cookies, information about your computer or device (e.g. device and browser type), information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed, the time when you view them and what you clicked on, the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address), company name or business name (if applicable), VAT number (if applicable).How we use your information:For administrative and business purposes (particularly to contact you and process orders you place on our website), to improve our business and website, to fulfil our contractual obligations, to advertise our goods and services, to analyse your use of our website, and in connection with our legal rights and obligations.Disclosure of your information to third parties:Only to the extent necessary to run our business, to our service providers, to fulfil any contracts we enter into with you or where required by law or to enforce our legal rights.Do we sell your information to third parties (other than in the course of a business sale or purchase or similar event):NoHow long we retain your information:For no longer than necessary, taking into account any legal obligations we have (e.g. to maintain records for tax purposes), any other legal basis we have for using your information (e.g. your consent, performance of a contract with you or our legitimate interests as a business). For specific retention periods in relation to certain information which we collect from you, please see the main section below entitled How long we retain your information.How we secure your information:Using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, encrypting payments you make on or via our website using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, only granting access to your information where necessary.Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area:In certain circumstances we transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area including to the following countries: United States of America. Where we do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. The third parties we use who transfer your information outside the European Economic Area have self-certified themselves as compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.Use of automated decision making and profiling:We use profiling on our website through our use of web analytics. We do not consider that this has any legal effect on you or similarly significantly affects you. For further information, please see the section below entitled Our use of automated decision-making and profiling.Your rights in relation to your information– To access your information and to receive information about its use – To have your information corrected and/or completed – To have your information deleted – To restrict the use of your information – To receive your information in a portable format – To object to the use of your information – To withdraw your consent to the use of your information – Not to have significant decisions made about you based solely on automated processing of your information, including profiling – To complain to a supervisory authoritySensitive personal information:We do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us. For more information, please see the main section below entitled Sensitive Personal Information.Our detailsThe data controller in respect of our website is SELECTA Labour Solutions Limited (company registration number 04349861) t/a SELECTA Recruitment of Suite 3, 170 Finchley Road, London NW3 6BP. You can contact the data controller by writing to SELECTA Recruitment at the above address or sending an email to [email protected]. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the data controller.Information we collect when you visit our websiteWe collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.Web server log informationWe use a third party server to host our website at siteground.com, the privacy policy of which is available here: https://www.siteground.com/viewtos/privacy_policy. Our website server automatically logs the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as the pages accessed, information requested, the date and time of the request, the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website) and your browser version and operating system. Our server is located in the United Kingdom.Use of website server log information for IT security purposesOur third-party hosting provider collects and stores server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and other cyber-attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity. Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, we do not make, nor do we allow our hosting provider to make, any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs. Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our processing of information about individuals. Recording access to our website using server log files is such a measure.Legal basis for processing:Our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interests: we have a legitimate interest in using your information for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.Information we collect when you contact usWe collect and use information from individuals who contact us in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.EmailWhen you send an email to the email address displayed on our website, we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email). Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).Transfer and storage of your informationWe use a third party email provider to store emails you send us. Our third party email provider is Google and their privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB. Emails you send us will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party email provider’s servers in the United States of America. For further information please see the section of this privacy policy entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.Contact formWhen you contact us using our contact form, we collect your name, email address, reason for contact and your message. We also collect any other information you provide to us when you complete the contact form, including any optional information, such as your telephone number. If you do not provide the mandatory information required by our contact form, you will not be able to submit the contact form and we will not receive your enquiry. If you do not supply the optional information required by our contact form, we will not be able to contact you by telephone – unless you agree to direct contact verbally.Legal basis for processing:Our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).Transfer and storage of your informationMessages you send us via our contact form will be stored both inside and outside the European Economic Area on our third party and email provider’s (Google) servers in the in the United States of America. Their privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.PhoneWhen you contact us by phone, we collect your phone number and any information provide to us during your conversation with us. We do not record phone calls without prior consent. Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation) Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).Transfer and storage of your informationInformation about your phone call will be stored by our third party telephone service provider both within and outside the European Economic Area. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.PostIf you contact us by post, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us. Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation) Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).Transfer and storage of your informationWe will store any information you send us by post in the United Kingdom. Information we collect when you interact with our website We collect and use information from individuals who interact with particular features of our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.Registering on our websiteWhen you register and create an account on our website, we collect the following information: first name, surname, password and email address. If you do not provide the mandatory information required by the registration form, you will not be able to register or create an account on our website. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: creating an account on our website is necessary to allow you to access the goods and services you have purchased from us.Transfer and storage of your informationInformation you submit to us via the registration form on our website will be stored within the European Economic Area on our third party hosting provider’s servers in the United Kingdom.Legal basis for processing:Our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interests: we have a legitimate interest in collecting your IP address, browser, information and device to better understand our customers and they access our website and live chat service. We have a legitimate interest in collecting your name, email address, phone number and any additional information you provide in order to be able to respond to your enquiry and messages you submit. We ask for your phone number and email address in case we are unable to reach you on one of those means and to ensure that we are able to respond to your enquiry as quickly and effectively as possible. We ask for your name so that we know who we will be contacting, to allow us to ensure we are contacting the correct person and for legal and evidential purposes so that we can identify what we have said to whom and when. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract with you (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message or enquiry relates to our goods and services, we will collect your information in order to enter into a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract with you. This includes the collection of your name, email address and phone number so we know who we are contracting with and so that we can provide you with the information you need in order to be able to enter into a contract with you.Information we collect when you place an order on our websiteWe collect and use information from individuals who place an order on our website or by email in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.Information collected when you place an order Mandatory informationWhen you place an order for labour services on our website or by email, we collect your name, email address, billing address, site address, company name and company registration number. If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to purchase goods or services from us or enter into a contract with us.Legal basis for processing:Necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we need the mandatory information collected by our checkout form to establish who the contract is with and to contact you to fulfil our obligations under the contract, including sending you receipts and order confirmations.Legal basis for processing:Compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legal obligation:We have a legal obligation to issue you with an invoice for the goods and services you purchase from us where you are VAT registered and we require the mandatory information collected by our checkout form for this purpose. We also have a legal obligation to keep accounting records, including records of transactions.Processing your paymentAfter you place an order with us, you will need to make payment for our services in full and without set-off or deduction within 7, 14 or 30 days from the date of invoice, as agreed verbally or in writing. When authorising timesheets you agree to these terms, which are also available upon request. Legal basis for processing associated data: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: to fulfil your contractual obligation to pay for the goods or services you have ordered from us.Information collected or obtained from third partiesThis section sets out how we obtain or collect information about you from third parties.Where we receive information about you in errorIf we receive information about you from a third party in error and/or we do not have a legal basis for processing that information, we will delete your information.Information obtained by us from third partiesIn certain circumstances (for example, to verify the information we hold about you or obtain missing information we require to provide you with a service) we will obtain information about you from certain publicly accessible sources, both EU and non-EU, such as the electoral register, Companies House, online customer databases, business directories, media publications, social media, and websites (including your own website if you have one). In certain circumstances will also obtain information about you from private sources, both EU and non-EU. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where you have entered into a contract or requested that we enter into a contract with you, in certain circumstances, we will obtain information about you from public sources in order to enable us to understand your business and provide services to you or services to a sufficient standard. For example, we would obtain and/or verify your email address from your website or from a directory where you ask us to send you information by email but we do not possess the information or we need to confirm that we have recorded your email address correctly. Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interests: in certain circumstances, we will have a legitimate interest in obtaining information about you from public and private sources. For example, if you have infringed or we suspect that you have infringed any of our legal rights, we will have a legitimate interest in obtaining and processing information about you from such sources in order to investigate and pursue any suspected or potential infringement.ProfilingProfiling is any form of automated processing of your information to evaluate personal aspects about you, in particular to analyse or predict things like your performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.Disclosure and additional uses of your informationThis section sets out the circumstances in which will disclose information about you to third parties and any additional purposes for which we use your information.Disclosure of your information to service providersWe use a number of third parties to provide us with services which are necessary to run our business or to assist us with running our business and who process your information for us on our behalf. These include the following: – Telephone provider (UK) – Email provider (UK and USA) – Web developer (UK) – Hosting provider (UK) Your information will be shared with these service providers where necessary to provide you with the service you have requested, whether that is accessing our website or services from us. We do not display the identities of all of our service providers publicly by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of our service providers, however, please contact us directly via our contact form or by email and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such service providers, for example). Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest relied on: where we share your information with these third parties in a context other than where is necessary to perform a contract (or take steps at your request to do so), we will share your information with such third parties in order to allow us to run and manage our business efficiently. Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract and/or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we may need to share information with our service providers to enable us to perform our obligations under that contract or to take the steps you have requested before we enter into a contract with you.Sharing your information with third parties, which are either related to or associated with the running of our business, where it is necessary for us to do so.These third parties include our accountants, advisors, business partners, independent contractors and insurers Further information on each of these third parties is set out below. Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest: running and managing our business efficiently.Accountants and payroll partnersWe share information with our accountants and payroll partners for tax purposes. For example, we share invoices we issue and receive with our accountants for the purpose of completing tax returns and our end of year accounts. Our accountants are located in the United Kingdom.AdvisorsOccasionally, we obtain advice from advisors, such as accountants, financial advisors, lawyers, marketing and public relations professionals. We will share your information with these third parties only where it is necessary to enable these third parties to be able to provide us with the relevant advice. Our advisors are located in the United Kingdom.Business partnersBusiness partners are businesses we work with which provide goods and services which are complementary to our own or which allow us to provide goods or services which we could not provide on our own. We share information with our business partners where you have requested services which they provide whether independently from, or in connection with or own services. Our business partners are located in the United Kingdom.Independent contractorsOccasionally, we use independent contractors in our business. Your information will be shared with independent contractors only where it is necessary for them to perform the function we have hired them perform in relation to our business. Our independent contractors are located in the United Kingdom.Insurance partnersWe will share your information with our insurance partners where it is necessary to do so, for example in relation to a claim or potential claim we receive or make or under our general disclosure obligations under our insurance contract with them. Our insurance partners are located in the United Kingdom. We do not display the identities of all of the other third parties we may share information with by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of such third parties, however, please contact us directly via our contact form or by email and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such third parties, for example). Sharing your information with a prospective or actual purchaser or seller in the context of a business or asset sale or acquisition by us, a merger or similar business combination event, whether actual or potential. Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest(s): sharing your information with a prospective purchaser, seller or similar person in order to allow such a transaction to take place.Disclosure and use of your information for legal reasonsIndicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security to a competent authority If we suspect that criminal or potential criminal conduct has been occurred, we will in certain circumstances need to contact an appropriate authority, such as the police. This could be the case, for instance, if we suspect that a fraud or a cyber crime has been committed or if we receive threats or malicious communications towards us or third parties. We will generally only need to process your information for this purpose if you were involved or affected by such an incident in some way. Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interests: preventing crime or suspected criminal activity (such as fraud).In connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement our legal rightsWe will use your information in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of our legal rights, including, for example, sharing information with debt collection agencies if you do not pay amounts owed to us when you are contractually obliged to do so. Our legal rights may be contractual (where we have entered into a contract with you) or non-contractual (such as legal rights that we have under copyright law or tort law). Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest: enforcing our legal rights and taking steps to enforce our legal rights.In connection with a legal or potential legal dispute or proceedingsWe may need to use your information if we are involved in a dispute with you or a third party for example, either to resolve the dispute or as part of any mediation, arbitration or court resolution or similar process. Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest(s): resolving disputes and potential disputes.For ongoing compliance with laws, regulations and other legal requirementsWe will use and process your information in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, we may need to disclose your information pursuant to a court order or subpoena if we receive one or to the National Crime Agency.Legal basis for processing:Compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legal obligation(s):Legal obligations to disclose information which are part of the laws of England and Wales or if they have been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework (for example in the form of an international agreement which the United Kingdom has signed). Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest: where the legal obligations are part of the laws of another country and have not been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework, we have a legitimate interest in complying with these obligations.How long we retain your informationThis section sets out how long we retain your information. We have set out specific retention periods where possible. Where that has not been possible, we have set out the criteria we use to determine the retention period.Retention periodsServer log information: we retain information on our server logs indefinitely. Order information: when you place an order for our services, we retain that information for a maximum of 10 years following the end of the financial year in which you placed your order, in accordance with our legal obligation to keep records for tax purposes. Correspondence and enquiries: when you make an enquiry or correspond with us for any reason, whether by email, via our contact form or by phone, we will retain your information for as long as it takes to respond to and resolve your enquiry, and for 18 further months after which point we will delete your information.Criteria for determining retention periodsIn any other circumstances, we will retain your information for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following: the purpose(s) and use of your information both now and in the future (such as whether it is necessary to continue to store that information in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to contact you in the future); whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation); whether we have any legal basis to continue to process your information (such as your consent); how valuable your information is (both now and in the future); any relevant agreed industry practices on how long information should be retained; the levels of risk, cost and liability involved with us continuing to hold the information; how hard it is to ensure that the information can be kept up to date and accurate; and any relevant surrounding circumstances (such as the nature and status of our relationship with you).How we secure your informationWe take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including: only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible; using secure servers to store your information; verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information; and using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt any information you submit to us via any forms on our website and any payment transactions you make on or via our website.Transmission of information to us by emailTransmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure, and if you submit any information to us over the internet (whether by email, via our website or any other means), you do so entirely at your own risk. We cannot be responsible for any costs, expenses, loss of profits, harm to reputation, damages, liabilities or any other form of loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your decision to transmit information to us by such means.Transfers of your information outside the European Economic AreaYour information will be transferred and stored outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in the circumstances set out below. We will also transfer your information outside the EEA or to an international organisation in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject (compliance with a court order, for example). Where we are required to do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards and protections are in place.Contact formInformation you submit to us via our contact form is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party email provider’s servers. For further information, please see ‘Email’ below.EmailInformation you submit to us by email is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party email provider’s servers. Our third party email provider is Gmail. You can access their privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB Country of storage: United Kingdom and United States of America States of America. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Safeguard(s) used: our third party email provider has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield which is available here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an approved certification mechanism under Article 42 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is permitted under Article 46(2)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can access the European Commission decision on the adequacy of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htmGoogle AnalyticsInformation collected by Google Analytics (your IP address and actions you take in relation to our website) is transferred outside the EEA and stored on Google’s servers. You can access Google’s privacy policy here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Country of storage: United States of America. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Safeguard(s) used: Google has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield which is available here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an approved certification mechanism under Article 42 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is permitted under Article 46(2)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can access the European Commission decision on the adequacy of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htmYour rights in relation to your informationSubject to certain limitations on certain rights, you have the following rights in relation to your information, which you can exercise by writing to SELECTA Recruitment, Suite 3, 170 Finchley Road, London NW3 6BP or sending an email to [email protected]: to request access to your information and information related to our use and processing of your information; to request the correction or deletion of your information; to request that we restrict our use of your information; to receive information which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (e.g. a CSV file) and the right to have that information transferred to another data controller (including a third party data controller); to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes (for further information, see the section below entitled Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes); and to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent. the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling which produces legal affects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation. For the purposes of the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the contact details of which are available here: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/Further information on your rights in relation to your personal data as an individualThe above rights are provided in summary form only and certain limitations apply to many of these rights. For further information about your rights in relation to your information, including any limitations which apply, please visit the following pages on the ICO’s website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/; and https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/ You can also find out further information about your rights, as well as information on any limitations which apply to those rights, by reading the underlying legislation contained in Articles 12 to 22 and 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/reform/files/regulation_oj_en.pdfVerifying your identity where you request access to your informationWhere you request access to your information, we are required by law to use all reasonable measures to verify your identity before doing so. These measures are designed to protect your information and to reduce the risk of identity fraud, identity theft or general unauthorised access to your information.How we verify your identityWhere we possess appropriate information about you on file, we will attempt to verify your identity using that information. If it is not possible to identity you from such information, or if we have insufficient information about you, we may require original or certified copies of certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with access to your information. We will be able to confirm the precise information we require to verify your identity in your specific circumstances if and when you make such a request.Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposesYou have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise in the same way as you may exercise by writing to SELECTA Recruitment Suite 3, 170 Finchley Road, London NW3 6BP or sending an email to [email protected]: to object to us using or processing your information where we use or process it in order to carry out a task in the public interest or for our legitimate interests, including ‘profiling’ (i.e. analysing or predicting your behaviour based on your information) based on any of these purposes; and to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes (including any profiling we engage in that is related to such direct marketing). You may also exercise your right to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes by: clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you and following the instructions which appear in your browser following your clicking on that link; sending an email to [email protected], asking that we stop sending you marketing communications or by including the words “OPT OUT”.Sensitive Personal Information‘Sensitive personal information’ is information about an individual that reveals their racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us. If, however, you inadvertently or intentionally transmit sensitive personal information to us, you will be considered to have explicitly consented to us processing that sensitive personal information under Article 9(2)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation. We will use and process your sensitive personal information for the purposes of deleting it.Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe update and amend our Privacy Policy from time to time.Minor changes to our Privacy PolicyWhere we make minor changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update our Privacy Policy with a new effective date stated at the beginning of it. Our processing of your information will be governed by the practices set out in that new version of the Privacy Policy from its effective date onwards.Major changes to our Privacy Policy or the purposes for which we process your informationWhere we make major changes to our Privacy Policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our website. We will provide you with the information about the change in question and the purpose and any other relevant information before we use your information for that new purpose. Wherever required, we will obtain your prior consent before using your information for a purpose that is different from the purposes for which we originally collected it.Children’s PrivacyBecause we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 18. The website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18. It is possible that we could receive information pertaining to persons under the age of 18 by the fraud or deception of a third party. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will, where required by law to do so, immediately obtain the appropriate parental consent to use that information or, if we are unable to obtain such parental consent, we will delete the information from our servers. If you would like to notify us of our receipt of information about persons under the age of 18, please do so by sending an email to [email protected].CopyrightThe copyright in this Privacy Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved.HomeServicesAboutContactPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsSELECTA Labour Solutions Limited. Co Reg. 4349861. t/a SELECTA Recruitment and SELECTA .jobs © 2020"
