"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs13 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchHive Digital Media Analytics SPSS SAS ExcelRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9029) Data Science (9) Data Visualization (8) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Python (7)Data Analysis (6) Software Engineering (6) Data Management (4) ETL (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Big Data (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) Cloud Computing (3) Data Testing (3) Java (3) Machine Learning (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisDemand Generation ManagerQuorum Analytics Washington D.C., DC, USAConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Dec 29, 2020Full-timeConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Clinical Data ScientistPfizer Peapack, NJ, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Sr. Data ManagerPfizer Groton, CT, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Principal Data Platform ArchitectSnowflake Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Website Optimization ManagerSnowflake Chicago, IL, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Snowflake is looking for an experienced Website Optimization Manager to drive performance optimization of snowflake.com and related subdomains plus various online-focused marketing campaigns. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage web analytics tools (GA, Bizible, Snowplow, etc.) to provide data-driven suggestions to demand generation functional areas (inbound, outbound, product marketing, content, field) to improve website performance. Monitor key site performance metrics and manage...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Snowflake is looking for an experienced Website Optimization Manager to drive performance optimization of snowflake.com and related subdomains plus various online-focused marketing campaigns. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage web analytics tools (GA, Bizible, Snowplow, etc.) to provide data-driven suggestions to demand generation functional areas (inbound, outbound, product marketing, content, field) to improve website performance. Monitor key site performance metrics and manage...Junior Data AnalystMultiverse New Jersey, USAChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Dec 18, 2020ApprenticeshipChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Database Platform EngineerTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Sr. Data Analyst, Commercial Service OperationsTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...IT Asset Management AssociateTesla Fremont, CA, USAIT Asset Management Associate position at Tesla. Your role will entail the handling of day-to-day Asset Lifecycle transactions ranging from acquisition to retirement. These duties will be perform in compliance within policy guidelines at timeframes as defined in the team’s project requirements. Responsibilities Submission of IT equipment Purchase Requests globally Work closely with planning team to maintain inventory required for daily operations Tracking delivery and receipt of new and existing IT equipment. Stocking/re-stocking of vending machines that carry IT equipment. Deliver equipment to IT Walk-up locations as needed. Recording, managing, and maintaining inventory of IT equipment in the stockroom. Processing equipment returns. Properly packaging, sending, and tracking outgoing shipments Record keeping within shared Excel files and/or ServiceNow to track assets Documenting and refining IT equipment lifecycle processes. Coordinate...Sep 16, 2020Full-timeIT Asset Management Associate position at Tesla. Your role will entail the handling of day-to-day Asset Lifecycle transactions ranging from acquisition to retirement. These duties will be perform in compliance within policy guidelines at timeframes as defined in the team’s project requirements. Responsibilities Submission of IT equipment Purchase Requests globally Work closely with planning team to maintain inventory required for daily operations Tracking delivery and receipt of new and existing IT equipment. Stocking/re-stocking of vending machines that carry IT equipment. Deliver equipment to IT Walk-up locations as needed. Recording, managing, and maintaining inventory of IT equipment in the stockroom. Processing equipment returns. Properly packaging, sending, and tracking outgoing shipments Record keeping within shared Excel files and/or ServiceNow to track assets Documenting and refining IT equipment lifecycle processes. Coordinate...Senior Manager / Associate Director - Data Strategy & GovernanceGilead Sciences Foster City, CA, USAThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...May 04, 2020Full-timeThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
