"Jobs | Hire a VeteranHomeFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CategoryJobs by StateVirtual Career FairEmployer ProductsSign inSign upHomeFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CategoryJobs by StateVirtual Career FairEmployer ProductsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs15 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchManufacturing BankingRefine by Job TypeFull time (15)Refine by CategoriesPharmaceutical (18) Entry Level (16) Other (14) Retail (13) Sales (12) Construction (6)Transportation (5) General Labor (4) Warehouse (4) Customer Service (3) Facilities (2) Professional Services (2) Quality Control (2) Supply Chain (2) Admin-Clerical (1) Consultant (1) Distribution-Shipping (1) Health Care (1) Information Technology (1) Installation-Maint-Repair (1) Inventory (1) Legal (1) Management (1) Nurse (1) Restaurant-Food Service (1) Skilled Labor (1) Training (1)MoreRefine by CityNorthbridge (5) Holliston (3) Affton (1) Aurora (1) Elgin (1) Manitowoc (1)Marion (1) Milwaukee (1) Seymour (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (8) Wisconsin (2) Connecticut (1) Illinois (1) Missouri (1) New York (1)Ohio (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisUtilityCarmeuse Lime Manitowoc, WI, USAREADY TO JOIN A ROCK-SOLID FAMILY? Carmeuse started out as a small family-run business in Belgium. Today it’s a leading global producer of lime, high calcium limestone and dolomitic stone. Its products are essential to energy producers, environmental services, construction and manufacturing. With over 90 production facilities spread across almost every continent, and over 4,500 employees working at Carmeuse every day, the company’s most treasured resources are its people. About the Team You will be part of Carmeuse Americas, a Rock-Star team of 2500 workers and employees bringing with them their own culture and specific needs. The Americas headquarters are located in Pittsburgh, PA and have over three dozen production facilities across the Eastern U.S., Canada, Chile, Brazil, and Colombia Carmeuse Lime & Stone headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, is North America's largest producer of lime and limestone products. A division of the global Carmeuse...Jan 18, 2021Full timeREADY TO JOIN A ROCK-SOLID FAMILY? Carmeuse started out as a small family-run business in Belgium. Today it’s a leading global producer of lime, high calcium limestone and dolomitic stone. Its products are essential to energy producers, environmental services, construction and manufacturing. With over 90 production facilities spread across almost every continent, and over 4,500 employees working at Carmeuse every day, the company’s most treasured resources are its people. About the Team You will be part of Carmeuse Americas, a Rock-Star team of 2500 workers and employees bringing with them their own culture and specific needs. The Americas headquarters are located in Pittsburgh, PA and have over three dozen production facilities across the Eastern U.S., Canada, Chile, Brazil, and Colombia Carmeuse Lime & Stone headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, is North America's largest producer of lime and limestone products. A division of the global Carmeuse...Senior Machine Maintenance TechnicianXamax Industries, Inc. 63 Silvermine Road, Seymour, CT, USASmall yet dynamic manufacturing firm in the Waterbury CT area is seeking a Senior Maintenance Technician who will be responsible for maximizing the uptime and effective output of all plant assets. Ideal candidates for this position will have experience troubleshooting and maintaining typical converting equipment, as well as normal facility maintenance items. Must possess the knowledge and ability to maintain and repair pneumatic, mechanical, electro-mechanical, plumbing, and electrical systems on company equipment. The successful candidate should be collaborative and will work closely with the production department to help develop and maintain a culture of continuous improvement and teamwork. ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: Perform regular preventive maintenance on machines, equipment and plant facilities on a scheduled or emergency basis as needed Perform controls troubleshooting using a Digital Multi Meter Test and inspect equipment for proper functionality...Jan 15, 2021Full timeSmall yet dynamic manufacturing firm in the Waterbury CT area is seeking a Senior Maintenance Technician who will be responsible for maximizing the uptime and effective output of all plant assets. Ideal candidates for this position will have experience troubleshooting and maintaining typical converting equipment, as well as normal facility maintenance items. Must possess the knowledge and ability to maintain and repair pneumatic, mechanical, electro-mechanical, plumbing, and electrical systems on company equipment. The successful candidate should be collaborative and will work closely with the production department to help develop and maintain a culture of continuous improvement and teamwork. ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: Perform regular preventive maintenance on machines, equipment and plant facilities on a scheduled or emergency basis as needed Perform controls troubleshooting using a Digital Multi Meter Test and inspect equipment for proper functionality...Line Assistants (Days & Nights Available!)Charter Manufacturing 3700 W Milwaukee Rd, Milwaukee, WI 53208Charter Manufacturing is a fourth-generation family-owned business where our will to grow drives us to do it better. Join the team and become part of our family! Charter Wire has exciting opportunities for new team members to join our Production Team as a Line Assistant on DAYS or NIGHTS (6-6) on a 3-2-2-3 schedule! POSITION PURPOSE/MISSION: While working in accordance with company policies and procedures under the direction of plant supervision, support the Operators to shape wire to various sizes/shapes, produce the highest quality wire at the lowest possible cost, meet or exceed departmental performance standards, and meet or exceed customer specifications as well as delivery requirements. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Frequent standing and walking. Occasional foot use, climbing, push/pulling, carrying reaching, forceful motion, and lifting up to 35 lbs. Minimal sitting, below waist level work, balancing, reaching, and lifting up to 100 lbs. Ability to...Jan 05, 2021Full timeCharter Manufacturing is a fourth-generation family-owned business where our will to grow drives us to do it better. Join the team and become part of our family! Charter Wire has exciting opportunities for new team members to join our Production Team as a Line Assistant on DAYS or NIGHTS (6-6) on a 3-2-2-3 schedule! POSITION PURPOSE/MISSION: While working in accordance with company policies and procedures under the direction of plant supervision, support the Operators to shape wire to various sizes/shapes, produce the highest quality wire at the lowest possible cost, meet or exceed departmental performance standards, and meet or exceed customer specifications as well as delivery requirements. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Frequent standing and walking. Occasional foot use, climbing, push/pulling, carrying reaching, forceful motion, and lifting up to 35 lbs. Minimal sitting, below waist level work, balancing, reaching, and lifting up to 100 lbs. Ability to...Machine OperatorSeiler Plastics 9750 Reavis Park Drive, Affton, MO, USAPLASTIC MACHINE OPERATOR We are currently hiring for both day shift and night shift positions. Responsible for assisting the senior operators in running various production machines. Stages material for the order, enters materials in the tally sheet, boxes finished material, and performs several other functions to ensure production operations run smoothly throughout the shift. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Prepares extrusion area for production order or assumes responsibility for order currently in progress. Performs testing on in-process material per customer requirements. Confirms that proper materials are being used. Document pertinent information about the production run. Operates tow motor throughout shift. Maintains proper documentation of material identification as material is used or returned to storage. Enters material into tally sheet and weighs up materials at the end of the run. Select machine dies Determine setup procedures Use scales and...Dec 17, 2020Full timePLASTIC MACHINE OPERATOR We are currently hiring for both day shift and night shift positions. Responsible for assisting the senior operators in running various production machines. Stages material for the order, enters materials in the tally sheet, boxes finished material, and performs several other functions to ensure production operations run smoothly throughout the shift. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Prepares extrusion area for production order or assumes responsibility for order currently in progress. Performs testing on in-process material per customer requirements. Confirms that proper materials are being used. Document pertinent information about the production run. Operates tow motor throughout shift. Maintains proper documentation of material identification as material is used or returned to storage. Enters material into tally sheet and weighs up materials at the end of the run. Select machine dies Determine setup procedures Use scales and...Self Maintained CNC OperatorParker Hannifin Elgin, Illinois, USAParker Hannifin Founded in 1917, Parker Hannifin Corporation is a $13.7 billion, global company. With annual sales of $13.7 billion in fiscal year 2020, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 49 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&P 500 index. Parker’s engineering expertise and broad range of core technologies uniquely positions the company to solve some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges. By partnering with customers, Parker improves their productivity and profitability and seeks new ways to solve humanity's biggest challenges. Position Summary: This position will operate various models of...Jan 21, 2021Full timeParker Hannifin Founded in 1917, Parker Hannifin Corporation is a $13.7 billion, global company. With annual sales of $13.7 billion in fiscal year 2020, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 49 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&P 500 index. Parker’s engineering expertise and broad range of core technologies uniquely positions the company to solve some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges. By partnering with customers, Parker improves their productivity and profitability and seeks new ways to solve humanity's biggest challenges. Position Summary: This position will operate various models of...Press OperatorParker Hannifin Marion, NY 14505Parker Hannifin Founded in 1917, Parker Hannifin Corporation is a $13.7 billion, global company. With annual sales of $13.7 billion in fiscal year 2020, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 49 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&P 500 index. Parker’s engineering expertise and broad range of core technologies uniquely positions the company to solve some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges. By partnering with customers, Parker improves their productivity and profitability and seeks new ways to solve humanity's biggest challenges. Equal Employment Opportunity Parker is an Equal Opportunity and...Jan 21, 2021Full timeParker Hannifin Founded in 1917, Parker Hannifin Corporation is a $13.7 billion, global company. With annual sales of $13.7 billion in fiscal year 2020, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 49 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&P 500 index. Parker’s engineering expertise and broad range of core technologies uniquely positions the company to solve some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges. By partnering with customers, Parker improves their productivity and profitability and seeks new ways to solve humanity's biggest challenges. Equal Employment Opportunity Parker is an Equal Opportunity and...Machine OperatorBerry Global Aurora, OH, USARESPONSIBILITIES Set up and operation of automated machine units in accordance with established guidelines Troubleshooting equipment and process malfunctions Performs product quality checks including weight, width, length, and packaging to ensure conformance to standards Prepares, packs, and stages finished product for shipment Ensures correct identification, palletization, and storage of product Completes accurate production reporting and record keeping Maintains safe and clean work environment Observes all Plant safety, quality and production policies Other duties as assigned QUALIFICATIONS Previous manufacturing experience including machine set up preferred Mechanical and trouble shooting ability Ability to lift, push, pull or carry up to 50 pounds repetitively Ability to stand, walk, reach, stoop and/or kneel continuously Availability to work overtime, weekends, and/or holidays as scheduled Willingness to wear personal protective...Jan 20, 2021Full timeRESPONSIBILITIES Set up and operation of automated machine units in accordance with established guidelines Troubleshooting equipment and process malfunctions Performs product quality checks including weight, width, length, and packaging to ensure conformance to standards Prepares, packs, and stages finished product for shipment Ensures correct identification, palletization, and storage of product Completes accurate production reporting and record keeping Maintains safe and clean work environment Observes all Plant safety, quality and production policies Other duties as assigned QUALIFICATIONS Previous manufacturing experience including machine set up preferred Mechanical and trouble shooting ability Ability to lift, push, pull or carry up to 50 pounds repetitively Ability to stand, walk, reach, stoop and/or kneel continuously Availability to work overtime, weekends, and/or holidays as scheduled Willingness to wear personal protective...MA - Packaging TechnicianPharmaCann Inc. Holliston, MA, USAThe Packaging Technician will be responsible for safely and effectively preparing, filling, packaging and labeling our food safe medical cannabis oils and liquids for ingestion, inhalation, solid dose and topical applications. This position will also be responsible for maintaining production and packaging equipment. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Proper setup and operation of filling, solid dose manufacturing, packaging and labeling equipment Troubleshoot and repair equipment as needed Assist in monitoring and managing processing equipment supplies and inventory Execute all filling and packaging procedures in an efficient manner in compliance with PharmaCann SOP’s and all applicable manufacturing procedures Perform in-process and post-process sample acquisitions according to protocols or batch records Support new product lines and process development as needed Be willing and able to be cross-trained to work alongside other PharmaCann team...Dec 31, 2020Full timeThe Packaging Technician will be responsible for safely and effectively preparing, filling, packaging and labeling our food safe medical cannabis oils and liquids for ingestion, inhalation, solid dose and topical applications. This position will also be responsible for maintaining production and packaging equipment. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Proper setup and operation of filling, solid dose manufacturing, packaging and labeling equipment Troubleshoot and repair equipment as needed Assist in monitoring and managing processing equipment supplies and inventory Execute all filling and packaging procedures in an efficient manner in compliance with PharmaCann SOP’s and all applicable manufacturing procedures Perform in-process and post-process sample acquisitions according to protocols or batch records Support new product lines and process development as needed Be willing and able to be cross-trained to work alongside other PharmaCann team...Electrical Controls EngineerRiverdale Mills Corporation 130 Riverdale Street, Northbridge, MA, USAThe Electrical Controls Enginee r is responsible for all technical support, designing, programming, and commissioning of PLC hardware and software on all types of equipment and machinery across the manufacturing network. This position will play a key role in a growing company, working on multiple projects improving and expanding refining capabilities and capacity. Electrical Controls Engineer's Preferred Education and Qualifications: Minimum Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Minimum two years of experience with Controls Systems in manufacturing, preferred in steel, chemical or food production Experience with commitment to excellence, including Safety and Quality Assurance Experience in different industrial communication protocols, including MQTT, Modbus, OPC-UA, etc. Experience in advanced industrial control application, including IoT, Predictive maintenance is a plus. Proficient with computer aid design software (CAD) is a plus Electrical Controls...Dec 15, 2020Full timeThe Electrical Controls Enginee r is responsible for all technical support, designing, programming, and commissioning of PLC hardware and software on all types of equipment and machinery across the manufacturing network. This position will play a key role in a growing company, working on multiple projects improving and expanding refining capabilities and capacity. Electrical Controls Engineer's Preferred Education and Qualifications: Minimum Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Minimum two years of experience with Controls Systems in manufacturing, preferred in steel, chemical or food production Experience with commitment to excellence, including Safety and Quality Assurance Experience in different industrial communication protocols, including MQTT, Modbus, OPC-UA, etc. Experience in advanced industrial control application, including IoT, Predictive maintenance is a plus. Proficient with computer aid design software (CAD) is a plus Electrical Controls...Forklift Operator - 2nd & 3rd shiftsRiverdale Mills Corporation 130 Riverdale Street, Northbridge, MA, USAFORKLIFT OPERATOR - 2nd & 3rd shifts Forklift Operator's Duties & Responsibilities: Performs all duties required for shipping and receiving materials. Organizes warehouse as instructed. Ensures inventory transactions and material receipts are done in an accurate, timely manner. Places stock into inventory locations in a timely manner. Delivers raw materials and shop supplies to production areas as required. Complies with all existing safety and material handling policies and procedures. Performs all other duties as assigned or needed. Forklift Operator's Education & Experience: High school diploma; general education degree (GED) or equivalent experience. Requires 1+ years of applicable work experience. Prior experience using RF scanners. Must pass forklift operator training; training will be provided in-house. Requires basic reading, writing and math skills. Experience with Microsoft Office a must Benefits: We offer an...Nov 08, 2020Full timeFORKLIFT OPERATOR - 2nd & 3rd shifts Forklift Operator's Duties & Responsibilities: Performs all duties required for shipping and receiving materials. Organizes warehouse as instructed. Ensures inventory transactions and material receipts are done in an accurate, timely manner. Places stock into inventory locations in a timely manner. Delivers raw materials and shop supplies to production areas as required. Complies with all existing safety and material handling policies and procedures. Performs all other duties as assigned or needed. Forklift Operator's Education & Experience: High school diploma; general education degree (GED) or equivalent experience. Requires 1+ years of applicable work experience. Prior experience using RF scanners. Must pass forklift operator training; training will be provided in-house. Requires basic reading, writing and math skills. Experience with Microsoft Office a must Benefits: We offer an...Machine Operators - All Shifts (1st, 2nd & 3rd)Riverdale Mills Corporation 130 Riverdale Street, Northbridge, MA, USAMACHINE OPERATORS – 2nd & 3rd Shifts If you are looking for a manufacturing position that is physically demanding, but also rewarding, look no further. Let's be honest, here are the physical demands of the position: On feet for most of the work hours Lifting up to about 70 pounds Moving heavy weight material; such as wire mesh rolls Repetitive hand motion Pushing, pulling, turning, twisting, and bending Squatting and kneeling Machine Operator's Requirements: Some mechanical attitude, but we will train on specific machine Mechanical aptitude with the ability to read and use micrometer/measuring tape Some knowledge in the use of various hand and electrical power tools Ability to communicate well, verbal & written in English Machine Operator's Responsibilities: Maintain work area and equipment in clean, safe and orderly condition Follow prescribed safety rules and regulations along with maintaining quality standards Benefits: We...Nov 08, 2020Full timeMACHINE OPERATORS – 2nd & 3rd Shifts If you are looking for a manufacturing position that is physically demanding, but also rewarding, look no further. Let's be honest, here are the physical demands of the position: On feet for most of the work hours Lifting up to about 70 pounds Moving heavy weight material; such as wire mesh rolls Repetitive hand motion Pushing, pulling, turning, twisting, and bending Squatting and kneeling Machine Operator's Requirements: Some mechanical attitude, but we will train on specific machine Mechanical aptitude with the ability to read and use micrometer/measuring tape Some knowledge in the use of various hand and electrical power tools Ability to communicate well, verbal & written in English Machine Operator's Responsibilities: Maintain work area and equipment in clean, safe and orderly condition Follow prescribed safety rules and regulations along with maintaining quality standards Benefits: We...Maintenance Mechanic - 2nd & 3rd ShiftsRiverdale Mills Corporation 130 Riverdale Street, Northbridge, MA, USAMAINTENANCE MECHANICS – 2nd & 3rd Shifts Maintenance Mechanic's Skills & Experience: We need to hire maintenance mechanics for all shifts at Riverdale Mills Corporation. Industrial experience preferred, but anyone with the following training/skills sets please apply: Automotive Technology Collision Repair and Refinishing Technology Diesel and Truck Technology Heavy Equipment Maintenance Technology Welding and Metal Fabrication Technology Maintenance Mechanic's Education: Minimum education required is High School Diploma, but it would be great if you have some vocational or technical schooling. We have an experienced maintenance team that works very well together. The equipment is different than anything that you have ever seen, but we take the time to train our new employees. We have top notch benefits and truly care about our employees! From Dave Stevens, Maintenance Supervisor (20 year Army Vet): Please apply online, but please contact...Nov 08, 2020Full timeMAINTENANCE MECHANICS – 2nd & 3rd Shifts Maintenance Mechanic's Skills & Experience: We need to hire maintenance mechanics for all shifts at Riverdale Mills Corporation. Industrial experience preferred, but anyone with the following training/skills sets please apply: Automotive Technology Collision Repair and Refinishing Technology Diesel and Truck Technology Heavy Equipment Maintenance Technology Welding and Metal Fabrication Technology Maintenance Mechanic's Education: Minimum education required is High School Diploma, but it would be great if you have some vocational or technical schooling. We have an experienced maintenance team that works very well together. The equipment is different than anything that you have ever seen, but we take the time to train our new employees. We have top notch benefits and truly care about our employees! From Dave Stevens, Maintenance Supervisor (20 year Army Vet): Please apply online, but please contact...Industrial Electrician - All Shifts (1st, 2nd & 3rd)Riverdale Mills Corporation 130 Northbridge Street, Northbridge, MA, USAINDUSTRIAL ELECTRICIAN Full time/Non- Exempt The Industrial Electrician's responsibilities include: install, maintain, test, troubleshoot and repair industrial electrical equipment and associated electrical and electronic controls, while ensuring that work is in accordance with relevant codes. Industrial Electrician's Education and Experience: Must possess and maintain current Massachusetts Journeyman Electrical License 5 years in the field or electrical apprenticeship OR 2 years of technical school – graduate and 2 years in the field. 3 years Electrical & Controls experience required. Industrial Electrician’s Qualifications/Requirements: State license depending upon job - NCCER certification if no state license Completed electrical apprenticeship program Minimum of 3 years of experience in an industrial or commercial setting Experience working with: Voltage levels up to 4,160 VFD / DC drives PLC's Troubleshooting non-working circuits...Oct 27, 2020Full timeINDUSTRIAL ELECTRICIAN Full time/Non- Exempt The Industrial Electrician's responsibilities include: install, maintain, test, troubleshoot and repair industrial electrical equipment and associated electrical and electronic controls, while ensuring that work is in accordance with relevant codes. Industrial Electrician's Education and Experience: Must possess and maintain current Massachusetts Journeyman Electrical License 5 years in the field or electrical apprenticeship OR 2 years of technical school – graduate and 2 years in the field. 3 years Electrical & Controls experience required. Industrial Electrician’s Qualifications/Requirements: State license depending upon job - NCCER certification if no state license Completed electrical apprenticeship program Minimum of 3 years of experience in an industrial or commercial setting Experience working with: Voltage levels up to 4,160 VFD / DC drives PLC's Troubleshooting non-working circuits...MA - Cultivation TechnicianPharmaCann Inc. Holliston, MA, United StatesThe Cultivation Technicians are responsible for assisting with all aspects of the company’s cultivation operation from seedling to harvest. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Performs plant and crop maintenance using standard procedures including but not limited to, cloning, transplanting, feeding, trimming and pest management Maintains clean environment by removing and disposing of all cannabis waste, cleaning and sanitizing all rooms and tools used on a daily basis Assists in collecting data to monitor plant health, soil health, and environmental control systems. Meets all required activity performance counts Masters and learns basic principles of cultivation SOPs and sanitation of the field and applies them in a limited manner. Assists others as part of a team to accomplish cultivation goals set forth by management Performs all tasks set by management in a safe and efficient manner. Qualifications High school diploma or GED and 0-1...Oct 02, 2020Full timeThe Cultivation Technicians are responsible for assisting with all aspects of the company’s cultivation operation from seedling to harvest. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Performs plant and crop maintenance using standard procedures including but not limited to, cloning, transplanting, feeding, trimming and pest management Maintains clean environment by removing and disposing of all cannabis waste, cleaning and sanitizing all rooms and tools used on a daily basis Assists in collecting data to monitor plant health, soil health, and environmental control systems. Meets all required activity performance counts Masters and learns basic principles of cultivation SOPs and sanitation of the field and applies them in a limited manner. Assists others as part of a team to accomplish cultivation goals set forth by management Performs all tasks set by management in a safe and efficient manner. Qualifications High school diploma or GED and 0-1...MA - Warehousing TechnicianPharmaCann Inc. Holliston, MA, United StatesThe Warehouse Technician is responsible for assisting in the packaging operations at our cultivation and processing center. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Cross-train on and work alongside the Processing team with the packaging of PharmaCann’s broad medical cannabis product line when required Receive, inspect and store all warehouse product Pull supplies from inventory and prepare them for delivery Fill orders for supplies and equipment as approved Maintain weekly inventory reconciliation in tracking system Maintain the warehouse in a neat and orderly fashion Demonstrate the ability to count and inspect finished goods on a weekly basis Perform cycle counting responsibilities Receive and check inbound goods for accuracy and place in proper location Data Entry of inventory, inbound/outbound orders Verify manifests agree with label wording and amounts for packaged inventory Package product from shipping ticket generation Count and...Sep 04, 2020Full timeThe Warehouse Technician is responsible for assisting in the packaging operations at our cultivation and processing center. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Cross-train on and work alongside the Processing team with the packaging of PharmaCann’s broad medical cannabis product line when required Receive, inspect and store all warehouse product Pull supplies from inventory and prepare them for delivery Fill orders for supplies and equipment as approved Maintain weekly inventory reconciliation in tracking system Maintain the warehouse in a neat and orderly fashion Demonstrate the ability to count and inspect finished goods on a weekly basis Perform cycle counting responsibilities Receive and check inbound goods for accuracy and place in proper location Data Entry of inventory, inbound/outbound orders Verify manifests agree with label wording and amounts for packaged inventory Package product from shipping ticket generation Count and...Load moreMain MenuHireAVeteran Job BoardHireAVeteran.comContact UsAbout UsEmployerEmployer ProductsEmployer Sign in (Registration)Employer LoginEmployer My Account (Dashboard)Employer Post a JobJob SeekerJob Seeker Sign In (Registration)Job Seeker LoginFree Create ResumeJob AlertsHire A Veteran Job BoardJob ListingsFind JobsJob CategoriesJob LocationsFeatured & Latest JobsJob Fairs© 2021 Hire a Veteran Powered by Veteran Industries LLC (SDVOSB)Privacy Terms"
