"Seasonal Jobs: How To Make The Holidays Work For You - At Home With DaneenA lifestyle blog focused on beauty, fashion, food, home and fun!At Home With Daneen - Lifestyle Blog, Home and Garden, Beauty BlogHomeBeauty, Health & WellnessFood & EntertainingHome & GardenHome & Garden Page 1Home & Garden Page 2LifestyleShopShop PoshEveryone knows that Christmas can be quite expensive, and the best way to keep your finances afloat during the festive holiday season is to save ahead. of time However, saving for Christmas is the sort of thing that's easier said than done. After all, if you’re already working with a tight budget, it can be tricky to create enough breathing room for holiday purchases while avoiding the pitfalls of debt.Seasonal Jobs: How To Make The Holidays Work For You​That’s precisely why seasonal jobs have become so popular. Indeed, with many employers looking for additional helpers during the shopping season, seasonal employment can make a great deal of difference in managing your budget and avoiding aggravating debts. Unfortunately, adding a seasonal part time job to your work schedule may force you to rack up work hours in excess of 40 - 50 hours per week. Is this the best solution to guarantee a stress-free Christmas for your family? We think not!​The Traditional Approach Needs To ChangeThe typical strategy to land a seasonal job is to cast a wide net with your search, and chances are you will find plenty of seasonal openings in sectors as varied as catering, hospitality, retail, and shipping. Keeping your application open to as many positions as possible is one of the top secrets to snagging at least one seasonal job, and flexibility and a positive attitude will get you almost anywhere.For many businesses, the Christmas season is hectic. If you're open to working night shifts, After all, you need to consider that for companies, the Christmas season is hectic. Consequently, job hunters who are happy to work night shifts, early hours or do menial tasks are preferred by recruiters. However, keeping your options and mind open brings no guarantee of a happy Christmas ending. Ultimately, seasonal employees often struggle to make ends meet despite the extra job. Why so? Because seasonal work is hard work and generally doesn’t pay as much as you’d like.Holiday Homes With Exquisite Luxury ServicesIf you have been saving money for some time, or have recently come into a bit of money, you might want to turn that money into investment income. What is the best kind of investment for someone who may not have financial know-how? Unless you’re an experienced stock broker, you might want to stay away from the markets. Instead, real estate investing could prove to be a better alternative, namely with the purchase of a holiday home in a popular destination. Indeed, holiday rentals provide a source of income which you can boost with additional features, such as working with a local maid agency to ensure the comfort of your tenants, for instance. A profitable rental property can generally pay for its own mortgage, insurance and property taxes through its rental income.Plan For Seasonal BuyersWhat is one of the most popular purchases during the Christmas season? Greeting cards, of course! Each year, American households order several dozen holiday cards to send to their relatives, friends, neighbours, and colleagues. Even though the trend is to snap tasteful and quirky Christmas photos for your greeting cards, many people still prefer to use traditional online designs. You can create an online greeting design biz that can be published to a website. With platforms such as Zazzle which offer print-on-demand options, you can upload your creative profile and let the platform sort out payments and administrative tasks, while you relax and reap the financial rewards!Run A Holiday Podcast To Sponsor BusinessesThe idea of creating an online presence, through blogs or podcasts, is not new. However, you can maximize the seasonal frenzy by publishing relevant and informative content and to answer topical queries. A profitable niche around the holidays is to provide support for gifters, holiday hosts and party guests. For instance, you can be sure that podcasts about last minute presents for your in-laws, neighbors or distant relatives will attract a lot of listener, and monetizing your podcast is what will maintain your income. The best way to do this is by listening to other podcasters to see what products, services and brands they are promoting, and reaching out to those brands yourself to discuss the possibility of sponsorship. One of the best advantages of hosting a podcast is that you can record several episodes ahead of Christmas and schedule them to run during the holidays on iTunes or the Google Play. Want to learn more about podcasting as a side hustle? Check out this informative article from ﻿DJ City on how to start a podcast﻿.Avoiding holiday debt is all about preparing your budget for the season. However, when seasonal jobs may not be the best solution for you, there are, thankfully, many other alternatives to repurpose the holiday frenzy to your advantage!​Comment Box is loading comments...for more information.​Copyright 2017-20201​Daneen RogersAt Home With Daneen - A Women's Lifestyle Websiteathomewithdaneen.comThis website contains affiliate links. That means that we earn a small commission when you shop from our advertisers & sponsors, with no extra cost to you!HomeBeauty, Health & WellnessFood & EntertainingHome & GardenHome & Garden Page 1Home & Garden Page 2LifestyleShopShop Posh"
