"Northern Illinois University, PhysicsAcademicJobsOnline.org--- server is currently in routine maintenance, you may experience slowness ---‌New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact UsNorthern Illinois University, PhysicsPosition ID: NIU-Physics-POSTDOC [#17910]Position Title: Postdoctoral Research Associate with US ATLASPosition Type: PostdoctoralPosition Location: Illinois, United States [map]Subject Areas: High Energy Physics / Experiment, LHCAppl Deadline: 2021/02/19 11:59PM (posted 2021/01/06, listed until 2021/07/05)Position Description:Northern Illinois University (NIU) and US ATLAS have an immediate opening for a postdoctoral research associate to work on the ATLAS experiment.The selected candidate will split their time between supporting analysts at the US ATLAS shared Tier 3 facilities, including a new facility at the University of Chicago in addition to the two current ones located at BNL and SLAC, and searches for new physics using the Higgs boson. The analysis support activities are focused on developing user tools, helping new users start up and contributing to US ATLAS training and documentation efforts.The position is nominally to be based in Chicago or surrounding areas, but candidates can live in other regions at the start of the position and during the pandemic.Applications will be considered until the position is filled. To ensure full consideration, candidates should apply by February 19, 2021. The appointments are initially for one year and renewable annually, subject to mutual satisfaction and funding availability. Interested candidates should post a curriculum vitae, a list of publications with significant contributions and a brief research statement to academicjobsonline. They should also arrange for three letters of recommendation to be posted to the site. Women and members of other underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.Candidates should have a Ph.D. in experimental particle physics, excellent data analysis skills and be motivated to perform self-directed research. Applicants with a particular interest in computing and programming are encouraged to apply.Informal inquiries may be directed to the contact addresses below.Northern Illinois University is an AA/EEO institution. Pre-employment background check and verification of eligibility to work in the United States is required. In accordance with applicable statutes and regulations, NIU is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, religion, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, political affiliation, or any other factor unrelated to professional qualifications, and will comply with all applicable federal and state statutes, regulations and orders pertaining to nondiscrimination, equal opportunity and affirmative action.Application Materials Required:Submit the following items online at this website to complete your application:Curriculum VitaeResearch statementPublication listThree or more reference letters (to be submitted online by the reference writers at this site )And anything else requested in the position description.Further Info:Department of PhysicsNorthern Illinois UniversityDeKalb, IL 60115New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us© 2021 AcademicJobsOnline.Org. All Rights Reserved."
