"oftwominds-Charles Hugh Smith: Dear Person Seeking a Job: Why I Can't Hire Youskip to main | skip to sidebarLinkbarArchivesBooks/FilmsMain Of Two Minds SiteMusingsMy Bookscharles hugh smithMy BioOftwominds.com #7 in CNBC's top alternative financial sitesPatreon.comBecome a $1/month patron of my work via patreon.comAxis of EasyAxis of Easy: Mark, Jesse and meSearch my siteBlog Archive► 2021 (10)► January (10)► 2020 (234)► December (18)► November (19)► October (18)► September (20)► August (20)► July (22)► June (19)► May (22)► April (19)► March (17)► February (20)► January (20)► 2019 (209)► December (17)► November (15)► October (17)► September (15)► August (11)► July (14)► June (16)► May (18)► April (24)► March (21)► February (19)► January (22)► 2018 (165)► December (14)► November (15)► October (15)► September (16)► August (15)► July (13)► June (12)► May (14)► April (13)► March (13)► February (13)► January (12)► 2017 (254)► December (20)► November (23)► October (24)► September (20)► August (21)► July (21)► June (17)► May (22)► April (21)► March (23)► February (19)► January (23)► 2016 (260)► December (23)► November (22)► October (25)► September (23)► August (24)► July (20)► June (22)► May (22)► April (20)► March (19)► February (21)► January (19)► 2015 (293)► December (25)► November (24)► October (24)► September (23)► August (26)► July (24)► June (23)► May (25)► April (27)► March (26)► February (24)► January (22)► 2014 (307)► December (22)► November (26)► October (27)► September (26)► August (25)► July (26)► June (25)► May (27)► April (26)► March (26)► February (24)► January (27)► 2013 (299)► December (23)► November (25)► October (24)► September (22)► August (27)► July (26)► June (25)► May (27)► April (23)► March (26)► February (24)► January (27)▼ 2012 (301)► December (26)► November (26)► October (26)► September (26)► August (27)▼ July (24)The Central Banking Theater of the AbsurdThe Grand Cycle Top in EverythingBernanke and Draghi Are DangerousAre You Loving Your Servitude Yet?Global Crisis: the Convergence of Marx, Orwell and...Before You \"Buy the Dip,\" Look at These Two ChartsWhy the U.S. Dollar Is Not Going to Zero Anytime SoonPart 12: Robin Imagines Kylie, WronglyWhat's So Bad About Deflation? Nothing, If You Own...We've Decoupled, Alright--From RealityOrganized Financial Crime Is Now the New NormalHow White Collar Crime Became the \"Business Model\"...Headwinds for Corporate ProfitsPart 11: Kylie, the Shocked Voyeur (serialized fic...Financialization and Crony Capitalism Have Gutted ...Fed Has No Hammer, Uses Handsaw and Chisel to Poun...As M2 Money Supply Rolls Over, the Stock Market Wi...The Global Economy: It's All About Increasing Leve...Election Year 2012: Two Landslides in the Making?Part 10: Under Protest, Ross Cross-DressesSnapback: Stockton, Calif. and All the Cities to F...The Real-World Middle Class Tax Rate: 75%Dear Person Seeking a Job: Why I Can't Hire YouSorry, Bucko, Europe Is Still in a Death Spiral► June (26)► May (26)► April (21)► March (26)► February (24)► January (23)► 2011 (286)► December (24)► November (25)► October (20)► September (23)► August (19)► July (25)► June (26)► May (23)► April (26)► March (27)► February (23)► January (25)► 2010 (301)► December (26)► November (25)► October (26)► September (24)► August (26)► July (27)► June (25)► May (25)► April (25)► March (28)► February (19)► January (25)► 2009 (276)► December (24)► November (19)► October (23)► September (24)► August (25)► July (27)► June (26)► May (21)► April (23)► March (20)► February (21)► January (23)► 2008 (258)► December (25)► November (18)► October (27)► September (22)► August (25)► July (22)► June (21)► May (22)► April (19)► March (20)► February (20)► January (17)► 2007 (197)► December (21)► November (20)► October (24)► September (22)► August (24)► July (22)► June (26)► May (26)► April (12)A Hacker's TeleologyWill You Be Richer or Poorer?Pathfinding our DestinyThe Consulting PhilosopherMoney and Work UnchainedInequality and the Collapse of PrivilegeUn Mundo Radicalmente ProsperoWhy Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond ReformA Radically Beneficial WorldGet a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering EconomyThe Nearly Free UniversityResistance, Revolution, LiberationInvesting in troubled timesSurvival +Four Bidding For LoveBooks & eBooksAs an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.Our Kindle ebooks:A Hacker's Teleology: Sharing the Wealth of Our Shrinking PlanetWill You Be Richer or Poorer? Profit, Power and A.I. in a Traumatized World ($6.95)Pathfinding our Destiny ($6.95)Money and Work Unchained ($6.95)Inequality and the Collapse of Privilege ($3.95)Spanish edition: Un Mundo Radicalmente Prospero ($9.95)Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform ($3.95)A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology and Creating Jobs for All ($6.95)Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy ($6.95)The Nearly Free University and The Emerging Economy ($6.95)Resistance, Revolution, Liberation ($6.95)An Unconventional Guide to Investing in Troubled Times ($6.95)Survival+: Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation ($9.95)Survival+ The Primer ($3.95)Weblogs & New Media: Marketing in Crisis ($3.95)Novels:The Adventures of the Consulting Philosopher ($1.29)Four Bidding For Love ($1.29)Claire's Great Adventure ($1.29)Of Two Minds ($1.29)Kama Sutra Cadillac ($1.29)Verona in Spring ($1.29)For My Daughter ($1.29)I-State Lines ($9.95)Download the free Kindle reader for any device: Windows or Mac OS, iPads, iPhones and Android.Kindle for PCKindle for MacKindle for iPhoneKindle for iPadKindle for Androidgive a Kindle ebook as a giftOur print books:A Hacker’s Teleology: Sharing the Wealth of Our Shrinking PlanetWill You Be Richer or Poorer?: Profit, Power and A.I. in a Traumatized World ($12.95)Pathfinding our Destiny: Preventing the Final Fall of Our Democratic Republic ($12.95)Money and Work Unchained ($15)Inequality and the Collapse of Privilege ($8.95)Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform ($8.95)A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology and Creating Jobs for All ($15)Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy ($15)The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy ($15)Resistance, Revolution, Liberation: A Model for Positive Change ($15)An Unconventional Guide to Investing in Troubled Times ($15)Survival+ (US) $19.95 Structuring prosperitySurvival+ (UK/EU)Survival+ The Primer $8.95Weblogs & New Media: Marketing in Crisis $8.95 Leverage the WebAudiobooksA Hacker's Teleology: Sharing the Wealth of Our Shrinking Planet ($17.46)Will You Be Richer or Poorer? Profit, Power, and AI in a Traumatized WorldPathfinding our Destiny: Preventing the Final Fall of Our Democratic RepublicMoney and Work UnchainedInequality and the Collapse of PrivilegeWhy Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond ReformA Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology and Creating Jobs for AllGet a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering EconomyNOVELSThe Adventures of the Consulting Philosopher: ($8.95)Four Bidding For Love ($16.99) romantic screwball comedyClaire's Great Adventure $16.99 2 stowaway girls + piratesKama Sutra Cadillac $12.99 sex + zaninessOf Two Minds $13.99 ESP, espionage + twistsVerona in Spring $13.99 29-year old Verona is in a romantic tangleFor My Daughter $12.99 Iraq vet, Burma, saving dolphins and his marriageI-State Lines ($20) Alex & Daz on the roadClick here for sample chapters of all novelsTuesday, July 03, 2012Dear Person Seeking a Job: Why I Can't Hire YouPotential employers have to respond to the incentives and disincentives that exist in today's world, and those do not favor conventional permanent employees.I know you're hard-working, motivated, tech-savvy and willing to learn. The reason I can't hire you has nothing to do with your work ethic or skills; it's the high-cost Status Quo, and the many perverse consequences of maintaining a failing Status Quo.The sad truth is that it's costly and risky to hire anyone to do anything, and \"bankable projects\" that might generate profit/require more labor are few and far between. The overhead costs for employees have skyrocketed. So even though the wages employees see on their paychecks have stagnated, the total compensation costs the employer pays have risen substantially.Thirty years ago the overhead costs were considerably less, adjusted for inflation, and there weren't billboards advertising a free trip to Cabo if you sued your employer. (I just saw an advert placed by a legal firm while riding a BART train that solicited employees to sue their employers, with the incentive being \"free money\" for a vacation to Cabo.)The other primary reason is that there are few (to borrow a phrase used by John Michael Greer) \"bankable projects,\" that is, projects where hiring another worker would pay for the costs of the additional overhead, labor and capital and generate a reason for making the investment, i.e. a meaningful profit.There is very little real \"new business\" in a recessionary, deflationary economy: any new business is poaching from an established business. The new restaurant isn't drawing people from their home kitchens, it's drawing customers from established restaurants.The only competitive advantage in a deflationary economy is to be faster, better and cheaper or have a marketing and/or technology edge. But marketing and technological advantages offer increasingly thin edges. The aspirational demand (driven by the desire to be hip or cool) for a new good or service has a short half-life. As for technology: miss a product cycle and you're history.Put these together--higher costs and risks for hiring people, and diminishing opportunities for expansions that lead to profit--and you have a scarcity of projects where hiring people makes financial sense.Faster, better and cheaper usually means reducing the labor input, not increasing it. In a deflationary economy, it's extremely difficult to grow revenues (sales), and as costs continue climbing inexorably, the only way to survive is to cut expenses so there is still some net for the owner/proprietor to live on.Consider the tax burden on a sole proprietor who might want to hire someone. The 15.3% Social Security/Medicare tax starts with dollar one. After the usual standard deductions, the Federal income tax is 15%, and 25% on all earned income above $34,800. My state tax is around 5%. Since every other advanced democracy pays basic healthcare coverage out of tax revenues, the $12,000/year we pay for barebones healthcare insurance is the equivalent of a tax. That's 15% of our income. Property tax is also $12,000 annually, so that's another 15%.Above $35,000 in income, my tax burden is 15% + 25% + 5% + 15% + 15% = 75%. You can imagine how much money I would need to clear to be able to afford hiring someone. The number of businesses that generate huge sums of profit are few and far between, and the number of businesses that scale up from a one-person shop to mega-millions in revenues is also extremely limited.The potential employer is faced with this reality: the money to hire a new employee will come out of my pay, at least at first. Hiring an additional worker only makes sense if the new employee will immediately generate enough additional revenue to fund his/her own wage and overhead costs, the added expense of supervision and a profit substantial enough to offset the risks.I should stipulate that my knowledge of hiring people and being an employer is not academic. My partner and I launched a business in late 1981, in the depths of what was at that time the deepest recession since the end of World War II. We had a very diverse ethnic workforce and did millions of dollars of work. Rather than make a fortune I lost $50,000 and had to mortgage the house we'd built by hand to make good all debts. I exited in 1987 with my personal integrity intact: nobody lost money working for us.The losses were basically the result of me pushing the outer boundaries of my experience and thus my competence in an unforgiving, very competitive environment. The learning curve in business is steep and pricey.I have also been involved in saving/managing a small non-profit organization that had expanded payroll far beyond what the organization's revenues could support.What newly minted employers understand that employees rarely understand is that the overhead costs of hiring even one person do not scale at first. To hire one person, even part-time, the employer needs to set up a complex infrastructure to manage the payroll taxes and accounting, and comply with a variety of statutes. If the employer does not follow the many laws regarding labor, witholding taxes, workers compensation, liability coverage, disability insurance, unemployment insurance and so on, then the employer is at risk of penalties and/or lawsuits.If a business does $1 million in gross receipts a year and already has five employees and a manager, it's not that burdensome to hire a seventh employee--the framework is all set up. But the cost of setting all that up for employee #1 is not trivial, especially when you realize the complex machinery all has to be overseen and managed.In the Silicon Valley model, a couple of guys/gals work feverishly in the living room/garage until they have a product/service to sell to venture capital. If the pitch succeeds, the VCs give them a couple million dollars and they hire a manager to sort out all the paperwork, management, etc.Most small businesses/proprietors don't get handed a couple million dollars. They have to grow organically, one step at a time. Each expansionist step is fraught with risks, especially when opportunities to grow revenue are few and far between and are generally crowded with competitors.Thirty years ago the employer's share of Social Security tax was not today's 7.65%; it was much less. Worker's compensation rates were lower, as were disability and liability insurance rates. Adjusted for inflation, healthcare insurance was half (or less) of today's absurdly expensive rates. To pay someone a modest $20,000 annual salary today would cost at least $30,000 in total compensation costs, and if the employee is middle-aged or requires family healthcare coverage, it could easily exceed $40,000. That sum many be trivial in the bloated $3.7 trillion Federal government or in Corporate America, but in millions of small businesses that $40,000 is the proprietor's entire net income.In other words, as costs of hiring anyone to do anything have climbed while revenues have stagnated, the threshold to hire an employee keeps getting higher.Back in the day, I could hire a young person out of high school for a modest cost in overhead, and the work-value they produced to justify the expense was also modest. I could afford to hire marginal workers and as long as they didn't get in the way too much and ably performed basic tasks then I could afford to have them on the payroll.The same was true of older workers, veterans living on the beach who wanted work, etc.--I could afford to give all sorts of people a chance to prove their value because the costs and risks were low.That's simply less true today. The costs and risks are much, much higher.Liability has become a lottery game where anyone with assets or income is a target for \"winner take all\" lawsuits. I would have to be insane to hire someone to work around my property on an informal basis: if the person injured himself, I would face the risks of losing my property to the legal defense costs and potential settlements that exceed the homeowners' insurance policy.In an office environment, I could be sued for harassment or for engendering a \"stressful work environment.\" If you think these kinds of cases are rare, you need to get out more.Simply put, the feeble hope of increasing revenues does not even come close to offsetting the tremendous risks created by having employees.There's a Catch-22 aspect to all this; small business can't expand revenues without employees, but the costs/risks of having employees makes that a gamble that is often not worth taking. The lower-risk, lower-cost survival strategy is to automate everything possible in back-office work and free up the proprietor's time to grow revenues that then flow directly to the bottom line.Managing people is not easy, and it's often stressful. Once a proprietor hires an employee, he/she must wear a number of new hats: psychiatrist/counselor, manager, coach, teacher, to name but a few. Frankly, I don't need the stress. I would rather earn a modest living from my labor and avoid all the burdens of managing people. (In my case, that included bailing workers out of jail, loaning them my truck which was subsequently rolled and destroyed, and a bunch of other fun stuff.)I am not embittered, I am simply realistic. I enjoyed my employees' company, even the one who rolled my truck and the ones who managed to get into trouble with the law. But I got tired of meetings and all the wasted motion of office management, and I got tired of taking cash advances on my credit cards to make payroll.If anyone out there thinks being an entrepreneur/small business proprietor is easy and a surefire pathway to the luxe life, then by all means, get out there and start a business and hire a bunch of people. I applaud your energy and drive, and sincerely hope you are wildly successful.I hope you now understand why so many businesses only want to work with contract labor/ self-employed people: having employees no longer makes financial sense for many small enterprises. What makes sense is paying someone a set fee to accomplish a set task, and that's it, the obligation of both parties is fulfilled. If the task isn't completed, then the fee isn't paid.Revenues just aren't steady enough in many cases to support a permanent employee. When the work comes in, then contract labor is brought in to get the work done. When it's done, they're gone, and all their overhead costs are theirs.It's extraordinarily difficult to generate revenue in a deflationary economy, and extraordinarily difficult to scrape off a net income as expenses such as taxes, insurance, healthcare, etc. continue climbing year after year.Self-employment places a premium on professionalism and results. Unlike offices filled with managers and employees, nobody cares about your problems, conflicts, complaints about the common-area fridge or your attendence at meetings. Once you've been self-employed for a while, and you only hire/work with other self-employed people, then you look back on conventional work places as absurdist theaters of schoolyard politics, tiresome resentments and child-parent conflicts acted out by self-absorbed adults.Once you're self-employed, your focus shifts to nurturing a productive network of clients, customers and like-minded, reliable, resourceful self-employed people who will give you work/work for you when you need help. Building trust and following through on what you promised to do become your priority.The economy is different now, and wishing it were unchanged from 30 years ago won't reverse the clock. We have to respond to the incentives and disincentives that exist in today's world, and those do not favor conventional permanent employees except in sectors that are largely walled off from the market economy: government, healthcare, etc.But these moated sectors cannot remain isolated from the deflationary market economy forever, and what was considered safely walled off from risk and change will increasingly face the same market forces that have changed private-sector enterprise.If you want security and a steady income, it may be more rewarding to build it yourself via highly networked self-employment.Resistance, Revolution, Liberation: A Model for Positive Change (print $25)(Kindle eBook $9.95)Read the Introduction (2,600 words) and Chapter One (7,600 words) for free.We are like passengers on the Titanic ten minutes after its fatal encounter with the iceberg: though our financial system seems unsinkable, its reliance on debt and financialization has already doomed it.We cannot know when the Central State and financial system will destabilize, we only know they will destabilize. We cannot know which of the State’s fast-rising debts and obligations will be renounced; we only know they will be renounced in one fashion or another.The process of the unsustainable collapsing and a new, more sustainable model emerging is called revolution, and it combines cultural, technological, financial and political elements in a dynamic flux.History is not fixed; it is in our hands. We cannot await a remote future transition to transform our lives. Revolution begins with our internal understanding and reaches fruition in our coherently directed daily actions in the lived-in world.Posted by Charles Hugh Smith at 6:36 AMNewer Post Older Post HomeTerms of ServiceAll content on this blog is provided by Trewe LLC for informational purposes only. The owner of this blog makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this site or found by following any link on this site. The owner will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information. These terms and conditions of use are subject to change at anytime and without notice.Our Privacy Policy:Correspondents' email is strictly confidential. This site does not collect digital data from visitors or distribute cookies. Advertisements served by a third-party advertising network (Investing Channel) may use cookies or collect information from visitors for the purpose of Interest-Based Advertising; if you wish to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising, please go to Opt out of interest-based advertising (The Network Advertising Initiative). If you have other privacy concerns relating to advertisements, please contact advertisers directly. Websites and blog links on the site's blog roll are posted at my discretion.PRIVACY NOTICE FOR EEA INDIVIDUALSThis section covers disclosures on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for users residing within EEA only. GDPR replaces the existing Directive 95/46/ec, and aims at harmonizing data protection laws in the EU that are fit for purpose in the digital age. The primary objective of the GDPR is to give citizens back control of their personal data. Please follow the link below to access InvestingChannel’s General Data Protection Notice. https://stg.media.investingchannel.com/gdpr-notice/Notice of Compliance with The California Consumer Protection ActThis site does not collect digital data from visitors or distribute cookies. Advertisements served by a third-party advertising network (Investing Channel) may use cookies or collect information from visitors for the purpose of Interest-Based Advertising. If you do not want any personal information that may be collected by third-party advertising to be sold, please follow the instructions on this page: Do Not Sell My Personal InformationRegarding Cookies:This site does not collect digital data from visitors or distribute cookies. Advertisements served by third-party advertising networks such as Investing Channel may use cookies or collect information from visitors for the purpose of Interest-Based Advertising; if you wish to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising, please go to Opt out of interest-based advertising (The Network Advertising Initiative) If you have other privacy concerns relating to advertisements, please contact advertisers directly.Our Commission Policy:As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. I also earn a commission on purchases of precious metals via BullionVault. I receive no fees or compensation for any other non-advertising links or content posted on my site.twitterMy YouTube ChannelMy YouTube channelFacebookmy Facebook pageRSS feedAdd Of Two Minds to your reader:Search Amazon.comAs an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Making your Amazon purchases through this Search Box helps support oftwominds.com at no cost to you:Search Amazon.comCHSWeekly Musings ReportsSubscribers ($5/mo) receive weekly Musings Reports. At readers' request, there is also a $10/month subscription option.What subscribers are saying about the Musings (read samples):\"What makes you a channel worth paying for? It's actually pretty simple - you possess a clarity of thought that most of us can only dream of, and a perspective that allows you to focus on the truth with laser-like precision.\" Jim S.The \"unsubscribe\" link is for when you find the usual drivel here insufferable.Become a $1/month patron of my work via patreon.comContribute via PayPalWhy I gratefully accept donations and why you might want to donate:A 95-minute movie with 10 minutes of ads and a small popcorn costs $25. If you enjoyed this site for at least 2 hours this year, and you donate $25, you already received more entertainment than you did from the movie. The other 100+ hours of enjoyment you receive here is FREE.Subscribers and donors of $50 or more this year will receive exclusive weekly Musings Reports.You have the immense moral satisfaction of aiding a poor dumb writer who seeks to inform, entertain and amuse you.contribute Bitcoinessays/interviewsCLIME: Community Owned CorporationsThe Architecture of a Labor-Backed Cryptocurrency (2016)A Teachable Moment: Being Fired from YelpFor Aspiring Writers: the Worst Advice You'll Ever Read (2005)China: An Interim Report: Its Economy, Ecology and Future (2005)two lists:live freelive welllive with integritylive with kindnessbe average but withself-discipline7 things to aspire to:austerityrestrainthumilityresponsibilitypatiencesacrificethriftVisit the Main Of Two Minds siteVisit the main Of two Minds site for My Books, Archives, Books/Films, list of subscribers and contributors and more.MusicMy Big Island GirlAlex and Daz ThemeHamakua Dream >ObsessionKitchen Sink Concerto #1The Next RevolutionDakiniPeaceful DevianceI Can't Hear What You Say201020152020Subscribe Now: Feed IconSubscribe in a reader© Blogger templates Newspaper III by Ourblogtemplates.com 2008Back to TOP"
