"2021 Internal Audit Analyst Program - Business Track - Summer Analyst Opportunity | JPMorgan Chase & Co. | HandshakeHomeLearn MoreHelpYou are viewing a preview of this job. Log in or register to view more details about this job.2021 Internal Audit Analyst Program - Business Track - Summer Analyst OpportunityJPMorgan Chase & Co.TweetEmailWe’re looking for talented individuals to work alongside our Internal Audit professionals who assess the internal control processes that drive our global business —identifying areas of improvement to help safeguard the firm. We work with regulators, business leaders and others to make sure we’re doing this in the most effective manner.Our work begins with building an understanding of the business processes, risks and related controls, depicting our knowledge through various visuals such as process flows then testing the effectiveness of those controls and presenting the results of our tests to management.Working here means joining a collaborative, supportive team. We’ll give you what you need to succeed including training, mentoring, access to senior leaders and projects that engage all your skills.What to expectOur 10-week program starts with comprehensive training to introduce you to our firm, our practices and our culture. After training, you will join one of our lines of business (Asset & Wealth Management, Commercial Banking, Consumer & Community Banking, or Corporate & Investment Bank) or Corporate Function Internal Audit teams where you will have the opportunity to make an impact in:Identifying and analyzing risks in our businesses and evaluating the controls established to mitigate those risksTesting controls by reviewing documents, observing the teams and meeting with managementProviding management with feedback regarding the effectiveness of the controlsLocations you may join:Chicago, ILColumbus, OHNew York MetroPlano, TXWilmington, DEYou will be given the opportunity to select up to three location preferences on your application. Potential placement could include any of our offices within the city’s metropolitan area.About youIf you are a passionate, curious individual who is enthusiastic about evaluating the effectiveness of controls across different areas of global business and operations, this role is for you. This role is a pipeline to our full time Internal Audit Program, which is not eligible for employer immigration sponsorship. If you require immigration sponsorship after completing your degree, you do not meet the requirements of this internship role.Key attributes and qualifications includeA well-rounded academic background – preferred minimum cumulative GPA of 3.2 on a 4.0 scalePursuing a B.A., B.S., or 5th year M.A. or M.S., with an expected graduation date of December 2021 and June 2022All majors considered; Finance, Accounting, Management Information Systems (MIS) or Computer Information Systems (CIS) focused majors are a plusBring exceptional analytical and problem solving skillsStrong attention to detailHave the ability to manage time, prioritize and know when to seek helpStrong verbal and written communication skillsWorking knowledge of MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook)Join usAt JPMorgan Chase, we’re creating positive change for the diverse communities we serve. We do this by championing your innovative ideas through a supportive culture that helps you every step of the way as you build your career. If you’re passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we’re looking for you.What’s next?Help us learn about you by submitting a complete and thoughtful application, which includes your resume. Your application and resume is a way for us to initially get to know you, so it’s important to complete all relevant application questions so we have as much information about you as possible.To get started, enter your email address. Your email address will be used to create and maintain your profile. If you are a current JPMC employee, use your JPMC email address to apply for jobs internally. Do not use an email address with “.edu” extension as doing so could result in delays receiving updates regarding your candidacy.After you confirm your application, we will review it to determine whether you meet certain required qualifications.If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you’ll receive an email invitation to complete a series of 12 games through the pymetrics platform. pymetrics will allow you to showcase your potential beyond what you tell us in your resume and application form. It’s an additional data point that helps us gain a better understanding of who you are as an individual. It should take no longer than 25-35 minutes to complete. If you have already completed the pymetrics games, you will have the opportunity to submit your gameplay results for this specific application without having to replay the games.Following completion of pymetrics, you’ll receive another email invitation to complete a video interview, powered by HireVue. This is your opportunity to further bring your resume to life and showcase your experience for our recruiting team and hiring managers.Both pymetrics and HireVue are required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed them. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete these required elements as soon as possible, since programs will close as positions are filled.JPMorgan Chase is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities.Visit jpmorganchase.com/careers for upcoming events, career advice, our locations and more.©2020 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran"
