"Publicis Groupe Media Supervisor | SmartRecruitersMedia Supervisor35 W Wacker Dr, Chicago, IL 60601, USAEmployees can work remotelyFull-timeCompany DescriptionPublicis Health Media (PHM) is the market-leading media agency in the health category, providing unmatched health and pharmaceutical expertise, innovation, and buying clout for some of the world’s biggest healthcare brands. The work we do at PHM is shaped by our genuine passion for health and wellness: the imperative to help real patients navigate the most pivotal moments of their healthcare journeys—moments of curiosity, fear and optimism.As health media specialists, we channel this passion into a dogged pursuit of marketing solutions that help our clients and brands navigate the complexity of the modern healthcare landscape. From deep category expertise to the latest innovations in the industry, our team’s best-in-class health media aptitude allows us to deliver on that promise for our clients.PHM has its finger on the pulse of the industry—we’re a creator culture with the deep insights to uncover what’s important now and next in media. Our annual HealthFront, the only industry upfront dedicated to health, profiles industry trends and disruptors and helps drive our client’s business results in the dynamic health & wellness marketplace.Internally, we align around our mission to connect people with life-saving health and wellness solutions every day and we celebrate our connection to one another and the communities around us through our #PHMLove movement.PHM is part of Publicis Health, the world’s premier health-oriented agency network. A division of Publicis Groupe, Publicis Health manages top-tier agencies specializing in promoting innovative solutions in advertising, digital, branding, message delivery, market access, and medical communications.Job DescriptionPosition SummaryThe Supervisor plans, develops and buys advertising media programs for assigned clients. Manages campaign, begins to build relationships with mid-level clients, leads projects from start to finish, and begins to manage Coordinators. Work directly with clients.Key ResponsibilitiesKnowledgeDeep, expert understanding of media buying and planning. Basic knowledge of all other media categories.· Continuously learning technology· Demonstrates solid knowledge of cross channel media tools and response forecasting· Exposure to both online and offline media· Knows both HCP and DTC media landscape and can speak to either· Has elevated knowledge set in at least one area or channel to “expert” level· Sees bigger picture of media (how job relates to total organization), understands broad- based, total function marketing concepts and the media marketplace· Understanding of advanced computer, technical, and analytical concepts· Ability to exercise more advanced media skills (e.g., posting, project ratings, etc.)· Advanced applications of math to media concepts· In-depth understanding of software related to media disciplines· Expertise in Microsoft Power Point; Excel and Word as well as media software appropriate for positionInternal: Operations, Tactics and Strategy· Prepares media plans· Accountable for on-time, on-budget campaigns, and quality assurance of all ad placements. Drives the process. Oversees detail. Develops tactical plans.· Leads the execution of approved media plans, maintains close relationship with publishers· Develops objectives & tactics. Owns the agency process· Lead, manage & prioritize multiple projects simultaneously· Assists in developing the scope of work including allocating hours by project· Strategy: Maintains the integrity of the client’s brand and communication strategies throughout all executions. Contributes strategically to brand positioning and marketing plans. Solid knowledge of clients’ strategic drivers and objectives. Leads development of media recommendations. Partners with internal teams and client to define client’s media strategy (online and offline). Determines most effective media vehicles· Analysis: Transforms campaign metrics and market research into actionable customer insights, observations, and implications. Identifies target audiences for online advertising (based on data and consumer profiles). Calculates effectiveness and ROI of potential media vehicles. Performs campaign analysis; identifies & resolves issues. Assists in the development of results analyses, which include insights and implications of data. Transforms research data into actionable customer insights, observations and conclusions· Buying: Develops cross channel request for proposals (RFPs), evaluates proposals, and finalizes buy recommendations. Negotiates best price for media space or time. Involved in core pricing negotiations. Buys negotiated media space, time, placement· Proactively identifies/resolves/escalates campaign execution issues in a timely manner· Demonstrates ability to lead internal discussions with regards to media recommendations· Openly reaches out to leverage learnings with all capabilities· Extensive knowledge of the role, strengths and weaknesses of a variety of media channels· Consistently leads internal and external discussions in all media topic areas. Active participant in meetings· Consistently keeps team “in the loop” on status of projects verbally and/or in writing· Ability to proactively solve problems and improve processes and efficiencies;· Ability to run cross-team meetings;· Ability to build relationships, lead, and communicate across work groups;· Takes initiative and shows accountability for oneself and teams work.Managing and Leading Others:· Creates and fosters team motivation, consistent positive attitude that influences others.· Accountable for internal training of junior-level team members· Management of direct report's time and resources;· Attains competent level of: Ability to train and develop self and others; Delivering quality, actionable feedback; Goal and priority setting; Adaptable/flexible management style; High hiring standards.· Demonstrated commitment to Company’s recruitment and interviewing efforts . Demonstrated commitment to employee development including onboarding of new employees, training, and/or mentoringClient Relationship· Builds trusting relationships with client counterparts.· Able to lead clients through media programs and address media related questions· Leads partner negotiations on behalf of clients· Day-to-day client resource and can lead the client through multiple programs from start to finish· Professional, articulate, mature in all aspects of client relationship building· Communication: Strong public speaking and presentation skills. Ability to write clear, cohesive, client-ready documents. Strong written and verbal interaction with internal teams (marketing, other capabilities, outside vendors).· Vendor management: Well versed in vendor landscape, ensures core technologies are being evaluated and drives agency POVs.· Understands clients’ business and goals & how they translate into media strategy· Establishes planning and buying point-of-contact relationships with key media vendorsQualifications• Exhibits Integrity and Trust• Exhibits Self Development• Adherence to agency procedures (on-time and accurate timesheets, GDPs, 360 feedback)• Proven ability to lead people and projects• Experience with SEO and paid search• Knowledge of ad serving technologies (Atlas and others)• Knowledge of media tools (@Plan, AdRelevance, Web R/F)Education and Experience• 5-7 years advertising experience, preferably within media; online media experience preferred• Pharmaceutical industry a plus• BA/BSAdditional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Job LocationI'm interestedPrivacy PolicyI'm interestedRefer a friendshare this jobPowered by(Data Processor)Privacy Policy and Terms of UseShare to WeChat×Copy the link and open WeChat to share.Copy to clipboardOpen WeChatShare to WeChat×Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.35 W Wacker Dr, Chicago, IL 60601, USAFull-timeI'm interested"
