"Nurse Aide - FREE 8 HOUR TEMPORARY CERTIFICATION; Committed to Employee Safety! - Mountain Top, PA - Guardian Elder Care JobsHomeJobsNurse Aide - FREE 8 HOUR TEMPORARY CERTIFICATION; Committed to Employee Safety! - Mountain Top, PAToggle navigationNurse Aide - FREE 8 HOUR TEMPORARY CERTIFICATION; Committed to Employee Safety!JobsLoginMountain Top Healthcare and Rehabilitation CenterMountain Top, PA, USAHourlyOtherEmail Me Similar Jobs	Email Me This JobAt Guardian, we are committed to the safety and care of both our employees and residents. We are continually implementing new care processes and have the equipment needed to protect them!Click here to see Guardian's response to COVID-19Guardian Elder Care is seeking Temporary Nurse Aides for our Mountain Top Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center residents located in Mountain Top, PADo you want to work where both patients and staff are valued and respected? Are you professional, patient, and motivated? If so, then please read on! This position offers competitive pay and flexible schedule. We provide a great work environment and lots of advancement opportunities. If this sounds like the right step for you, please apply to be a stellar Nurse Aide now!Positions Available: Full Time 1st, 2nd and 3rdYou may be eligible for a $25 Gift card for just filling out the application and meeting with the facility!$100 Visa Gift Card after successful completion of Orientation!ABOUT GUARDIAN ELDER CARESince we began in 1995, Guardian has grown to 59 Healthcare Communities, with 52 located in Pennsylvania, 5 in Ohio, and 2 in West Virginia. Guardian also operates ancillary divisions to provide pharmacy, rehabilitation, advanced practitioner services, home health, and home care services. These divisions were formed to provide excellent support to our patients' communities and neighbors in the surrounding areas. As Pennsylvania's largest independent provider of skilled nursing services, we are proud to be a recognized leader in offering healthcare services to today's seniors. Caring for seniors is serious business, but that doesn't mean you won't have fun while you do it! Guardian Elder Care is a tight-knit, family-oriented team committed to operating with the utmost integrity and compassion. Our focus on clinical excellence carries over to our numerous professional development and continuing education opportunities, as well as the schedule flexibility that allows our staff to maintain a satisfying work-life balance.A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A TEMPORARY NURSE AIDENo previous experience or certification required! Eight (8) hour training course is available for temporary certification as a Pennsylvania Nurse Aide!Click Here for more Online Training Information!As a Nursing Assistant, you arrive for each shift determined to treat each resident with respect and kindness. You do everything you can to preserve their dignity, as you provide the individualized physical, psychological, and social support that they need. Maintaining a clean, neat, and organized work environment is one of your top priorities for our residents. Working with them one-on-one, you assist with all activities of daily living such as dressing, grooming, bathing, feeding, toileting, colostomy care, transferring, walking, prosthetic appliances, positioning, range of motion exercises, and communicating. Your positive attitude makes a huge impact on the lives of our residents.Under the supervision of the nurse, you assist with specific tasks such as recording vital signs and weights, applying non-prescription creams/ointments, and collecting specimens. You are vigilant about reporting any changes in the condition of residents to the supervising nurse to ensure that all medical needs are properly met. Your attention to detail and accuracy help ensure the highest quality of care. As required, you keep accurate records for each resident you work with. With patience and a calm demeanor, you treat those you care for just the way you would want your own family members treated. You go home each day feeling good about the positive impact you have made in the lives of so many in your community.QUALIFICATIONS FOR A TEMPORARY NURSE AIDEAbility to complete 8 hour NA training coursePrevious experience in a geriatric role preferredCaring and responsible demeanorAre you flexible and always willing to jump in and help where you're needed? Are you conscientious about following policies and procedures correctly? Do you have excellent interpersonal and communication skills? Are you passionate about the rights of all to privacy, dignity, and well-being? If so, then you just might be perfect for this Temporary Nurse Aide position!ARE YOU READY TO JOIN OUR ELDER CARE TEAM?Are you caring, kind, and compassionate? If so, please complete our initial 3-minute, mobile-friendly application. We look forward to meeting you!INDLPGuardian Elder Care https://guardianeldercare.applicantpro.com. Yes, I agree to be contacted by text messages No, I do not agree to receive text messagesI agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.*Apply for this PositionApply for this PositionSign Up For Job Alerts!Follow Jobs:Share This PageApplicant Tracking System Maintained By ApplicantPro - © 2021RefreshSearch the FAQ hereGoCommon Questions"
