"Jobs in London (Stratford) | Clickajobs.co.ukJob Seeker?Free Job PostingPublishersUS JobsSign inSign upJob Seeker?Free Job PostingPublishersUS JobsModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs9 jobs found in London (Stratford)Refine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisBusiness Development ManagerPaymentsense IrelandCalling all super-skilled sales professionals: The future of payments is here. And we need you to sell it. Ever since we set up shop, we’ve endeavoured to change the game.If you’re interested in applying for this job, please make sure you meet the following requirements as listed below.In fact, in 11 short years, we’ve become one of the UK’s biggest names in payments.But while we’re proud of what we’ve achieved, we’re now ready to take the next step in our evolution – but we need you to make it happen.So, what’s changed? In the past, we’ve relied on third-parties to process our payments and bring our general product offer together.But not anymore. We’re now a fully-fledged acquirer – a certified e-money institution – with the market-leading tools and service needed to provide the best possible experience for our customers.They’re what we’ve always been about, after all.And we can now serve them on our own terms.The Role We’re looking for experienced sales professionals who can...16 Jan, 2021Calling all super-skilled sales professionals: The future of payments is here. And we need you to sell it. Ever since we set up shop, we’ve endeavoured to change the game.If you’re interested in applying for this job, please make sure you meet the following requirements as listed below.In fact, in 11 short years, we’ve become one of the UK’s biggest names in payments.But while we’re proud of what we’ve achieved, we’re now ready to take the next step in our evolution – but we need you to make it happen.So, what’s changed? In the past, we’ve relied on third-parties to process our payments and bring our general product offer together.But not anymore. We’re now a fully-fledged acquirer – a certified e-money institution – with the market-leading tools and service needed to provide the best possible experience for our customers.They’re what we’ve always been about, after all.And we can now serve them on our own terms.The Role We’re looking for experienced sales professionals who can...Senior Front End DeveloperReed IrelandUI X DEVELOPER – FRONT END DEVELOPER – HTML – CSS – JAVASCRIPT – ANGULAR – REACT – AGILE – PERMANENT ROLE – DEVELOPER – SOFTWARE ENGINEER – PROGRAMMER – GREENFIELD PROJECTS – REMOTE WORKING – FLEXIBLE WORKING – RAYNES PARK – WIMBLEDON – LONDON – IMMEDIATE START Senior UI / UX Developer is required to join a successful, dynamic and experienced in-house development team based in a newly refurbished office in Raynes Park, Wimbledon. As a Senior Front end Developer you will have the chance to work within a business critical IT team on a number of exciting new projects in the current development pipeline as well as work on my clients existing projects including their next generation platform. My industry leading client and the successful Senior UI / UX Developer will have the chance to work on an application used by some of the biggest brands within the UK. You will have the chance to lead the front end development and be involved in the future direction of the technologies....15 Jan, 2021UI X DEVELOPER – FRONT END DEVELOPER – HTML – CSS – JAVASCRIPT – ANGULAR – REACT – AGILE – PERMANENT ROLE – DEVELOPER – SOFTWARE ENGINEER – PROGRAMMER – GREENFIELD PROJECTS – REMOTE WORKING – FLEXIBLE WORKING – RAYNES PARK – WIMBLEDON – LONDON – IMMEDIATE START Senior UI / UX Developer is required to join a successful, dynamic and experienced in-house development team based in a newly refurbished office in Raynes Park, Wimbledon. As a Senior Front end Developer you will have the chance to work within a business critical IT team on a number of exciting new projects in the current development pipeline as well as work on my clients existing projects including their next generation platform. My industry leading client and the successful Senior UI / UX Developer will have the chance to work on an application used by some of the biggest brands within the UK. You will have the chance to lead the front end development and be involved in the future direction of the technologies....Beauty Therapist Part Time - StratfordThérapie Clinic IrelandStratfordEstablished ClinicsSales background an advantageTherapie Clinic, Europe’s No. 1 Aesthetics Clinic and Ireland's Ranked Number #1 Employer are recruiting!Therapie Clinic currently have over 40 clinics across Ireland, India and the UK and are continuing their expansion. It's a thrilling time for us and we are looking for some talented people to join our team!We are currently recruiting for part time Beauty Therapists for our Stratford clinic.There are huge opportunities to grow and progress at your own pace, our ethos rewards hard work and dedication. You will have the opportunity to work with the best beauty technology in the world for our award winning brand. Based around our core values of hungry, zesty and inspiring our aim is simple, to provide a five start service every time.Join our expanding team and be part of the journey of one of the beauty industry's most exciting medical and aesthetics group.What we offerCareer progressionExcellent salaryTraining in leading...14 Jan, 2021StratfordEstablished ClinicsSales background an advantageTherapie Clinic, Europe’s No. 1 Aesthetics Clinic and Ireland's Ranked Number #1 Employer are recruiting!Therapie Clinic currently have over 40 clinics across Ireland, India and the UK and are continuing their expansion. It's a thrilling time for us and we are looking for some talented people to join our team!We are currently recruiting for part time Beauty Therapists for our Stratford clinic.There are huge opportunities to grow and progress at your own pace, our ethos rewards hard work and dedication. You will have the opportunity to work with the best beauty technology in the world for our award winning brand. Based around our core values of hungry, zesty and inspiring our aim is simple, to provide a five start service every time.Join our expanding team and be part of the journey of one of the beauty industry's most exciting medical and aesthetics group.What we offerCareer progressionExcellent salaryTraining in leading...Cyber Security TraineeStart Your New Career IrelandTrain for a role in Cyber Security Are you looking for an industry recognised online IT training solution that can lead to a permanent IT contracted position earning from £18k per annum Are you technically minded? Do your family and friends call you to help them with their computers? Do you have a passion for technology? This is a course which on completion will lead to permanent employment.Please ensure you read the below overview and requirements for this employment opportunity completely.If so, are you ideally suited for a career in Cyber Security.With our IT Security training package, you will have the latest technology at your fingertips.IT has become an increasingly more difficult industry to enter without professional level certifications which are now expected from entry level candidates.Salary expectations have therefore also risen within the Cyber Security industry, typical earnings are therefore between £18k-25k rising to £35k with experience.If you are looking to start a...14 Jan, 2021Train for a role in Cyber Security Are you looking for an industry recognised online IT training solution that can lead to a permanent IT contracted position earning from £18k per annum Are you technically minded? Do your family and friends call you to help them with their computers? Do you have a passion for technology? This is a course which on completion will lead to permanent employment.Please ensure you read the below overview and requirements for this employment opportunity completely.If so, are you ideally suited for a career in Cyber Security.With our IT Security training package, you will have the latest technology at your fingertips.IT has become an increasingly more difficult industry to enter without professional level certifications which are now expected from entry level candidates.Salary expectations have therefore also risen within the Cyber Security industry, typical earnings are therefore between £18k-25k rising to £35k with experience.If you are looking to start a...Trainee Driving InstructorStart Your New Career IrelandMy Four Wheels are looking to expand our team and are recruiting both part time and full time Driving Instructors throughout the UK.The experience expected from applicants, as well as additional skills and qualifications needed for this job are listed below.Around 1.6 million people take their driving test every year, teaching people how to drive is not only an industry proof profession but one which grows every day due to the expanding population of the UK.Each driving instructor work within their local area, work the hours which suit them (Monday- Sunday) and get their very own branded car complete with duel controls.What are the benefits of working with My Four Wheels? Job satisfaction – teach learner drivers the ultimate life skill Great earning potential – earn up to £35,000 per year Flexible working hours – you choose when you work Job security – people will always need to learn how to drive In order to become a driving instructor trainee and teach people how to drive for...13 Jan, 2021My Four Wheels are looking to expand our team and are recruiting both part time and full time Driving Instructors throughout the UK.The experience expected from applicants, as well as additional skills and qualifications needed for this job are listed below.Around 1.6 million people take their driving test every year, teaching people how to drive is not only an industry proof profession but one which grows every day due to the expanding population of the UK.Each driving instructor work within their local area, work the hours which suit them (Monday- Sunday) and get their very own branded car complete with duel controls.What are the benefits of working with My Four Wheels? Job satisfaction – teach learner drivers the ultimate life skill Great earning potential – earn up to £35,000 per year Flexible working hours – you choose when you work Job security – people will always need to learn how to drive In order to become a driving instructor trainee and teach people how to drive for...Driving InstructorMy Four Wheels IrelandMy Four Wheels are looking to expand our team and are recruiting both part time and full time Driving Instructors throughout the UK.Ready to make your application? Please do read through the description at least once before clicking on ‘apply’.Around 1.6 million people take their driving test every year, teaching people how to drive is not only an industry proof profession but one which grows every day due to the expanding population of the UK.Each driving instructor work within their local area, work the hours which suit them (Monday- Sunday) and get their very own branded car complete with duel controls.What are the benefits of working with My Four Wheels? Job satisfaction – teach learner drivers the ultimate life skill Great earning potential – earn up to £35,000 per year Flexible working hours – you choose when you work Job security – people will always need to learn how to drive In order to become a driving instructor trainee and teach people how to drive for money, you must...13 Jan, 2021My Four Wheels are looking to expand our team and are recruiting both part time and full time Driving Instructors throughout the UK.Ready to make your application? Please do read through the description at least once before clicking on ‘apply’.Around 1.6 million people take their driving test every year, teaching people how to drive is not only an industry proof profession but one which grows every day due to the expanding population of the UK.Each driving instructor work within their local area, work the hours which suit them (Monday- Sunday) and get their very own branded car complete with duel controls.What are the benefits of working with My Four Wheels? Job satisfaction – teach learner drivers the ultimate life skill Great earning potential – earn up to £35,000 per year Flexible working hours – you choose when you work Job security – people will always need to learn how to drive In order to become a driving instructor trainee and teach people how to drive for money, you must...Senior Occupational Health & Wellbeing SpecialistFusion People IrelandSenior Occupational Health & Wellbeing Specialist - London/WFH - 12 month contract - £339/day Umbrella rate Please make sure you read the following details carefully before making any applications.Our client is looking for a Senior Occupational Health & Wellbeing Specialist to join the team based in Stratford, London for 12 months to implement a new wellbeing strategy. The rate is up to £339/day. You will manage the approach to occupational health and wellbeing activities, providing as...13 Jan, 2021Senior Occupational Health & Wellbeing Specialist - London/WFH - 12 month contract - £339/day Umbrella rate Please make sure you read the following details carefully before making any applications.Our client is looking for a Senior Occupational Health & Wellbeing Specialist to join the team based in Stratford, London for 12 months to implement a new wellbeing strategy. The rate is up to £339/day. You will manage the approach to occupational health and wellbeing activities, providing as...Year 5 Teacher - Stratford - January 2021Servoca Education Resourcing IrelandYear 5 Teacher - Primary School - Stratford, Newham, London Location: Stratford, Newham, London Permanent Position Pay Rate: £32,157 - £50,935 per annum (depending on experience) We're partnering with a 'Outsanding' Primary school, looking for a Year 5 Teacher to start in January for a permanent position. The school has won several awards and have a great reputation for their high standard ... To view the full job details please click apply.13 Jan, 2021Year 5 Teacher - Primary School - Stratford, Newham, London Location: Stratford, Newham, London Permanent Position Pay Rate: £32,157 - £50,935 per annum (depending on experience) We're partnering with a 'Outsanding' Primary school, looking for a Year 5 Teacher to start in January for a permanent position. The school has won several awards and have a great reputation for their high standard ... To view the full job details please click apply.Field Merchandiser – Stratford CV37eXPD8 Field Marketing IrelandField Merchandiser working in and around Stratford CV37 approx. 12 – 15 hours a week – Part time with the opportunity for additional hoursLooking for flexible hours to suit your lifestyle? Then we may have the role you’re looking for.And the job itself? Well, it’s mostly setting up high-quality Point of Sale displays in retail stores. There’s also a large element of checking all stock is available that needs to be and letting the team know that everything is looking good and is well-stocked.If you’ve got experience in merchandising and customer service, then great. But it’s not essential. We train you up – you’ll receive a full induction and complete accreditations. You’ll be up and running in no time!There is a technical element too – you’ll have to be quite savvy with digital tools. It’s not complicated at all, but you need to use a tablet for things like receiving briefs and uploading pictures.And because there’s a fair amount of travel, you’ll need a full UK driving licence and...05 Jan, 2021Field Merchandiser working in and around Stratford CV37 approx. 12 – 15 hours a week – Part time with the opportunity for additional hoursLooking for flexible hours to suit your lifestyle? Then we may have the role you’re looking for.And the job itself? Well, it’s mostly setting up high-quality Point of Sale displays in retail stores. There’s also a large element of checking all stock is available that needs to be and letting the team know that everything is looking good and is well-stocked.If you’ve got experience in merchandising and customer service, then great. But it’s not essential. We train you up – you’ll receive a full induction and complete accreditations. You’ll be up and running in no time!There is a technical element too – you’ll have to be quite savvy with digital tools. It’s not complicated at all, but you need to use a tablet for things like receiving briefs and uploading pictures.And because there’s a fair amount of travel, you’ll need a full UK driving licence and...Load moreHomeContact UsAbout UsCookie PolicyTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerFree Job PostingPost a JobJob BoardsSearch CV databaseSign InATSJob Boards Terms & ConditionsPartnershipsPublisher ProgramJoin UsXml SpecificationsInternational JobsJob SeekerFind JobsRegisterSign InFAQsJobseeker GuideHow To Create A Winning CVMake My CV SearchableWhy Join?© 2021 Clicka Jobs Ltd"
