"JobsInBismarck.com - : | JobsInBismarck.comKeywords (optional)Location (optional)Sort ByDate Changed Date Created Location TitleSearchDisplaying 1 - 15 of 39 Jobs.Maintenance Tech (5 pm-5 am)Britt, IAThis position is responsible for the repairs and maintenance of the processing equipment as well as regular routine building maintenance in order to keep the plant on line and operating e...QA - Lab Technician - 1st shiftWakefield, NEThe Quality Assurance Laboratory Technician will be responsible for providing quality microbiological, chemical and physical analysis on all egg products made at Michael Foods Inc. DUTIES...Director Technical AccountingSt. Louis, MOCoordinate and manage annual impairment review process with business units, external service providers and external auditors. Primary lead in implementing new accounting standards, includ...Machine Operator-2nd Shift (Starting at $14.90)Norwalk, IAOperators are responsible for operating equipment ensuring only the highest quality product is being produced. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Set up and clean, if necessary, all equipment in...Breaking Labor 1st shift 6am - 2:30 pmBritt, IAPrevents bad eggs from contaminating finished products and ensures quality of eggs entering breaking room. Removes all yolk from whites to ensure a high quality product during the separat...Packaging Labor-1st Shift (Starting at 14.20)Norwalk, IAThe purpose of the packer is to pack finished high quality frozen egg products in cases according to customer specifications. The packer fills and folds omelets and prepares them for free...Sanitation Tech-3rd Shift (Starting at $14.90 plus $1.00 shift differential)Norwalk, IASanitation Tech Development role is responsible for executing sanitation related acuities in specified areas of the facility. The primary focus will be on ensuring health safety and food...Internal Audit ManagerSt. Louis, MOPrioritize and supervise work performed by our co source partners, with a collaborative approach. Lead control and risk discussions and assist with the development of audit plans. Stay ab...General LaborWakefield, NEWe have the honor and responsibility of working in food – a critical infrastructure industry during this time of global crisis. We are working around the clock to keep inventory flo...Sr Director, Customer Development (Sales)St. Louis, MO; Brentwood, MOThis position will have responsibility for the management and performance of our private brand business. The qualified candidate will be responsible for developing and executing strategie...Packaging Labor-2nd Shift (Starting at $14.20)Norwalk, IAThe purpose of the packer is to pack finished high quality frozen egg products in cases according to customer specifications. The packer fills and folds omelets and prepares them for free...Sr Cyber Security Engineer (Threat Hunter)St. Louis, MOLeads advanced analysis of adversary tradecraft, malicious code, and Advance Persistent Threat capabilities. Analyzes systems, communications, network security events, and exploits to det...Line TechnicianMars Hill, MEPerform routine CCP verification checks. Perform routine CQP (quality) verification checks. Perform routine daily SSOP/GMP audits and observations/documentation. Perform environmental mon...Product Manager - Private Brands Healthy SnacksSt. Louis, MOThis role is primarily responsible for managing the performance of the product line. The Product Manager will ensure an optimal assortment of products for marketplace success. This includ...Poly Operator - MashMars Hill, MEAdhering to GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) during production, sanitation, and handling materials and ingredients. Maintain and make adjustments to equipment to control designated weig...Previous pageYou're on page 123Next page"
