"Staff Nurse in University Place, Washington | Careers at Bridgeport PlacePlease Enable Cookies to ContinuePlease enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.Welcome page Welcome pageReturning Candidate?Log back in!Staff NurseID2020-3880CategoryHealth and WellnessPosition TypeFull-Time/Part-TimeLocation : CityUniversity PlaceLocation : State/ProvinceWAWelcome to Bridgeport Place, a unique blend of retirement and assisted living serving the Tacoma metropolitan area including University Place, Fircrest, Steilacoom, DuPont, Lakewood and Gig Harbor.We’re passionate about giving residents the freedom to choose. What do you want to do today? Take a fitness class. Have lunch with friends. Enjoy a cooking class. Let’s go shopping. Try your hand at billiards. Massage, anyone? Don’t forget to set aside some quiet time to curl up with a good book in front of the library fireplace. Design just the day you want without the hassles of maintaining a home or the worry of accessing health care services.Choose from studio and spacious studio alcove-style apartments, plus one-and two-bedroom apartment suites. Plus, dining and shopping opportunities are just minutes away. Our care services staff include 12 hours of nursing care daily along with a 24-hour response system. Our hallmark is listening and responding to the needs of each individual and celebrating the opportunity to enhance the lives of all residents at Bridgeport Place Assisted Living.Now Hiring (FT/PT) Staff Nurse (LPN/LVN)!This position is responsible for assessment of resident health status for both new and existing residents and the subsequent development of the care or service plan. Under the direction of the Director, Health and Wellness, this position is responsible for routine communication with direct care staff, medication aides, other nursing staff, the Director, Health and Wellness, and the Administrator about the needs of residents and maintaining compliance with all regulatory standards. Provides ongoing audit and reviews clinical systems to ensure compliance with State regulations and policies.Responsibilities:Communicate with Director, Health and Wellness on resident needs on an as needed basis to ensure consistent quality services.Participate in providing hands on care and specific nursing tasks as required and in support of the resident’s care plan.Provide clinical support and training of care staff in support of continuing education requirements for care staff.Assist in transcription of physicians’ orders and the review of new physicians’ orders.Maintain the proper certifications required by local and state licensing agencies which include on-going in-service trainings, accreditations, specific coursework and certifications.Foster teamwork with co-workers, show initiative in overcoming obstacles, take actions which assist others beyond job responsibilities, and have a positive impact on co-workers, and visitors.Seek out and perform other duties as assigned or needed.Requirements:Must have compassion for and desire to work with seniors!High School Diploma or equivalent.Valid State Nursing License as a Staff Nurse (RN or LPN/LVN). Certifications as required by state.Must have 1 year of experience as a nurse or caregiver preferably in an Assisted Living or Memory Care community. Supervisory experience of 6 months or more in a health-related field.Must be able to read physician orders and match to Medication Administration Records for residents. Understanding of medical terminology adequate to pass medications and communicate with medical professionals.Effective written and verbal communication with all residents, families and visitorsExperience with Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel. Understanding of human resource rules.Must be able to pass a criminal background check and drug test.Apply with your resume and cover letter TODAY to schedule your interview for this exciting opportunity!**Please DO NOT include the date of your graduation, if applicable on your resume or application. Thank you!**OptionsApply for this job onlineApplyShareEmail this job to a friendReferSorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.Share on your newsfeedApplication FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.com"
