"Junior JavaScript Developer (HolyWater) в Genesis, Киев | DOUГлавнаяФорумЛентаЗарплатыРаботаКалендарьОпросВход и регистрацияВакансииПервая работаnewТрендыКомпанииРейтингТоп-50ОтзывыДобавить компаниюGenesis Все вакансии компанииGenesis is one of the largest IT companies in Ukraine with more than 1500 people in 5 countries, who create products for 200 million unique users monthly. We are the most high-loaded company in the country and one of the largest partner of Facebook, Google, Snapchat and Apple in the CEE region.Все вакансии / Front End / Киев23 октября 2020Junior JavaScript Developer (HolyWater) (вакансия неактивна)КиевGenesis is a full-service international IT company. More than 1,500 people in five countries create products for more than 200 million unique monthly users. We are one of the largest partners of Facebook, Google, Snapchat, and Apple in Eastern Europe. Our ecosystem consists of more than 15 companies and an investment fund.HolyWater is a fast-growing startup with 2X month-over-month revenue growth rate. Currently, we have 5 apps with more than 3 million users! We constantly appear in Apple top charts in the US and other countries and recently became the top 1 app in the US outrunning Pinterest and Tinder. We have achieved such results in less than 9 months- imagine what we can do in 1 or 5 years?We believe that the opportunity to work hard at work worth doing among smart and fun people is one of the most important things in the world. That’s why we don’t have any bullshit tasks, bureaucracy, and official hierarchy. Anyone in the team can pitch an idea which will be turned into a new feature or product.6 months ago we decided to explore a new niche and launched a role-playing game in the fastest-growing mobile games niche. We are done with the soft-launch and are now focused on scaling. That’s why we are looking for great people who will help us drive our gaming division to new heights. If you are a brave, hard-working, curious, self-conscious individual who is not afraid of making mistakes and learning from them- let’s have a chat and see whether we can create synergy together.We are looking for a Jr. JavaScript Developer who will help us improve the existing ones products and will make our team stronger.You’ll have the following tasks:— Development of multiple playable ads— Support and add new features for instant game stories— Development of Landing pages— Script and automationWe’re looking for someone who has:— Good knowledge of JS— Experience with at least one: React, Vue, Angular or Node— Motivation and desire to grow fast as a technical specialist— Proactive. Always looks for improvement areas, generates hypotheses— Stress resistance— Business-oriented— Ability to adapt to new challengesNice to have:— Commercial experience— Desire to learn multiple frameworksGenesis is a unique place for development and growth:Comfortable work environment and flexible work hoursAn excellent office with a summer terrace, lounge zone, kitchen, and PlayStation located within a 5-minute walk from Tarasa Shevchenka metro station. There are many plants and a special ventilation system in our offices. We provide 20 days of paid vacation and flexible work hours.Health care and SportWe provide breakfasts, lunches, unlimited fruit, snacks, smoothies, and yoghurts in the office. The office also has an in-house corporate doctor. We provide employees with health insurance. Free training for running, football, basketball, volleyball, and yoga with professional coaches is available to staff. Corporate discounts for gym membership and sponsorship for participation in sports competitions are also accessible.Learning and DevelopmentWe have Business and Management Schools for company employees with Genesis executives as lecturers. We provide an online library and free English lessons as well as access to paid conferences, training, and seminars.Loud partiesEvery summer and winter, we organize parties with crazy line-ups at cool locations. Every month each project meets for a get-together, and after a quarterly report, there is a party.Genesis is an entrepreneurial ecosystem where every employee can make their ideas a reality. Almost all Genesis executives have grown within the company and started managing projects by the age of 22-27 years. We invest and encourage the initiatives of our employees. Currently, 70% of Genesis’ revenue comes from projects that five years ago didn’t even exist.Take a challenge! Join our team.More about us in social media: Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn.Горячие вакансииDeveloper Yii, PHP в IDXM llc, $1500–2400, за рубежом, удаленно	Senior C++ Developer в 2K-Group, удаленно	Senior Fullstack Developer - Node/React в Quartesian, $3500–5000, Киев, удаленно	Junior to Middle AQA Engineer (Python) в BCD TripTech, Киев, удаленно	PHP Team Lead (Marketing Team) в iDeals Solutions, Киев, удаленно	Requirement Engineer в Apostera, Киев, Одесса	Front-end developer в JBW Soft, Киев	Game Mathematician в Betinvest, Киев	Senior Software Engineer (PHP) в BigCommerce, Киев	Все вакансии© 2005—2021 DOU.uaУкраїнська ·	Русский ·	EnglishНас уже 411 062. Мы в соцсетях:Поиск программистов на ДжиннеКонтактыРекламаLegalПишите нам на support@dou.uaВоспользуйтесь аккаунтом×GoogleLinkedInGitHubFacebookВойти по почте, ВКонтакте или твиттеру.ВходРегистрацияВосстановление пароляПочтаПарольНеправильный парольВойтиРегистрация по email закрытаПочтаСбросить парольВы неверно указали свою почтуИли воспользуйтесь аккаунтом.Для того, чтобы сделать ваш профиль полноценным, укажите вашу почту.Мы отправим вам письмо со ссылкой для подтверждения.ПочтаСохранитьВы неверно указали свою почтуя согласен(-на) с условиями использования сайта и политикой конфиденциальности."
