"Jadavpur University M.Phil Cognitive Science Syllabus - jaduniv.edu.inHomeLatest Govt JobsSyllabusAdmissionResultJadavpur University M.Phil Cognitive Science Syllabus – jaduniv.edu.inJadavpur University Entrance M.Phil in Cognitive Science Exam Syllabus 2019: Jadavpur University has recently released an Entrance Examination Syllabus for M.Phil in Cognitive Science 2019. Candidates who will appear in Entrance Exam can get Jadavpur University M.Phil in Cognitive Science Exam syllabus & Pattern on this page for better preparation. To get detail information about Jadavpur University Entrance Exam Syllabus follows the given article on this page.Jadavpur UniversityJadavpur University Entrance M.Phil in Cognitive Science Exam SyllabusImportant Information for Candidateswww.resultsarkari.infoDownload Jadavpur University Entrance Exam Syllabus 2019The entrance examination will comprise of two sections:-a. Research Methodology – 50% of entrance test syllabusb. Subject-specific (the broad area of Cognitive Science) topics – 50% of entrance test syllabusc. The interview/viva voce: In the Viva-voce, the candidate is expected to discuss their research interest/area through a presentation (5 min) before the panel. The basics topics included in Research MethodologyQualitative & quantitative methods, Scientific Method, Purpose of statistics, Different kind of Variables, Probability, Distributions, Sampling, Experimental Designs (Independent samples design, Repeated measure design), Validity (Validity in Experiments and other research design, types of validity), Quasi-experiments, Analysis: Correlations, t-tests, non-parametric tests, ANOVA (factorial, mixed), Introduction to Regressionmathematical Logic (First-order predicate calculus) Different methodologies used in Cognitive science, Reaction Time measurement and analysis, basics of Signal detection theory, Eye tracking, MRI, EEG, TMS.The Board area of topics included in Cognitive Science1. Basics in Cognitive Science: Information processing approach, Marr’s levels of processing, Representations, Dynamical approaches, Situated and Embodied cognition, Modularity, Culture and Cognition, Cognitive Development.2. Philosophy of Mind: Different views on the mind-brain relationship, functionalism, eliminative materialism, fundamental issues of self and consciousness, representationalism, phenomenological approaches, Language and thought.3. Logic and Reasoning: Intuitive set theory, Axiomatic Set theory, Proof theory, Model theory, Mathematical constructivism. Informal logic – Critical thinking, different types of arguments.4. Psycholinguistics / Biology of Language: Introduction to Linguistics, Biological basis of language, Language evolution, Design features of the language, Foundations of Psycholinguistics, Levels of Linguistic analysis: Phonology-phonetics, syntax, semantics, morphology, pragmatics, Word Recognition, Sentence processing, Language Acquisition, Comprehension, Bilanguage-Vision interaction.5. Computation: Values and their representation, operations on values, data-types, control statements, data structures, functions, pointers, Basic Algorithms. Basics of programming, algorithmic problem solving, data structures, associative structures, Basic algorithms (sorting, searching, etc). Introduction to Computational Modeling, Types of learning mechanisms and learning rules, Introduction to neural networks, Probabilistic reasoning, Production Systems, Cognitive Architectures.6. Cognitive Neuroscience: Structure of neurons, glial cells, action potential, synapse, synaptic transmission, neurotransmitters, anatomical organization of the nervous system, sensory systems. Functional organization of the cortex, Cognitive neuroscience of perception, language, learning and memory, motor systems, emotions, and hemispheric lateralization.7. Cognitive Psychology: Decision making, Reasoning, and Problem Solving.Details about Jadavpur University M.Phil Cognitive Science Exam Syllabus 2019Organization Name: Jadavpur UniversityOrganization Website: www.jaduniv.edu.inName of the Exam: M.Phil Cognitive ScienceNotice For: SyllabusImportant LinkDownload Jadavpur University M.phil Cognitive Science Exam Syllabus 2019 pdfClick hereOfficial websiteClick hereMore Details: Candidates can get all the details about Jadavpur University M.phil Cognitive Science Exam Syllabus 2019 on this page. For detail information candidates must visit the official website or notification.Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus 2019 For Admission Test: Jadavpur University has recently published Ph.D. Entrance Test for the School of Language & Linguistics, School of Material Science and Nanotechnology, School of Environmental Studies & School of Women’s Studies. Candidates who will appear for Admission Test they need to know exam syllabus & pattern for better preparation. To get detail information about Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus for Admission Test follows the given article on this page.Download Jadavpur Unversity Ph.D. Syllabus For Admission TestJadavpur university Ph.D. Syllabus for Language & LinguisticsTotal Marks: 100Question type: Multiple ChoiceExam Time: 2 hoursa. Research Methodology: 50 marksb. Linguistics: 50 marks1. Fundamentals of Language and Linguistics: Notions of Language, Approaches to the Study of Language, Structure of Language, Grammatical Analysis, Linguistics, and Other Fields.2. Core Linguistics: Phonetics, Phonology, Morphology, Traditional and Structuralist Syntax, Semantics and Pragmatics.3. Historical Linguistics and South Asian Language Families: Introduction, Linguistic Change and Reconstruction, Language Contact and Dialect Geography, Language Families of South Asia, Areal Features of South Asia.4. Sociolinguistics: Language and Society, Languages in Contact, Sociology of Language.5. Applied Linguistics: Scope of Applied Linguistics, Language Learning and Language Teaching, Brain-language Relationship, Brain Pathology and Language Breakdown, Linguistics and Language Pathology, language disorders and Intervention, Logic and Mathematics in linguistics, Communication Networks, Computational Lexicography, Parsing, Syntax and Semantics, Corpus Linguistics, Language Technology, Types of Dictionaries, Nature of Translation, Methods of Translation, Nature and Methods of Stylistic Analysis.Jadavpur university Ph.D. Syllabus for School of Materials Science and NanotechnologySubject Part:1. Quantum Mechanics2. Basic Materials Science: Chemical Bonding, Types of Material, Imperfections in solids.3.Physics and Chemistry of Materials4. Thermodynamics of MaterialsResearch Methodology Part:1. Statistical methods to the analysis of results2. Error analysis3. Simple Mathematical methods, Data handling, and data presentation4. The principle of microscopy: Analysis of nanomaterials by x-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscope, scanning electron microscope.5. Basic principles of various spectroscopic techniques; optical, electronic, magnetic, dielectric, mechanical, thermal.6. Aspects of Synthesis techniques of nanomaterials.Jadavpur university Ph.D. Syllabus for School of Environmental StudiesGeneral Part:Air pollutants-particulates, hydrocarbons, oxides of carbon, sulphur, nitrogen, organic pollutants; Water and soil pollutants- suspended and floating solids, organic (pesticides, PCBs, halogenated aliphatics, phenols etc); metals and inorganics, pathogens; Noise pollution-sources, traffic noise; Measurement of air pollutants; measurement of water/soil pollutants; Modern analytical techniques; Radiation, radioactive waste and electromagnetic pollution.Research Methodology:Treatment, Preparation, Methodology and Analytical techniques for environmental sample analysis, Quality control and quality assurance, Digestion techniques; Acid-base titration; Strengths of acids / bases / metal / non-metal ion solutions (molality, molarity, normality, ppm, ppb, ppt etc.), Analytical instruments and their principles, Calibration curves, Regression analysis, Data generation and its statistical presentation.Jadavpur university Ph.D. Syllabus for School Women StudiesFeminist Theory and Practices:Concepts of women’s studies; Schools of feminism; women’s movements and social movements; gender, patriarchy, interrogating universals; gender, body and sexualities; women, land and labour; post-structuralist turn in feminism; gender and development; gender and nationalism; family, state and violence; feminism and science; women and environment; women, culture and politics of performance.Research Methodology:Research design and research process; concepts, variables, and sampling; qualitative and quantitative research methodology; subjective and objective knowledge; characteristics of feminist research; interdisciplinary research, politics, and ethics in research.Details about Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus for Admission TestOrganization Name: Jadavpur UniversityOrganization Website: www.jaduniv.edu.inCourse Name: Ph.D. CourseName of the Subjects:1. School of Language and Linguistics2. School of Materials Science and Nanotechnology3. School of Environmental Studies4. School of Women’s StudiesNotice For: SyllabusImportant LinkDownload Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus For Language and LinguisticsClick hereDownload Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus For School of Materials Science & NanotechnologyClick hereDownload Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus For School of Environmental StudiesClick hereDownload Jadavpur University Ph.D. Syllabus For School of Women’s StudiesClick hereOfficial WebsiteClick hereJadavpur University Ph.D. Science Programme Syllabus 2019: Jadavpur University has recently released Ph.D. Programme Syllabus, now those candidates are searching for Ph.D. Science Written Entrance Test Syllabus can get all details on this page. To get detail information about Jadavpur University Ph.D. Science Programme Syllabus follows the given link on this page.Download Jadavpur University Written Entrance Test Syllabus 2019 For Ph.D. Science ProgrammePhysics SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (physics)(50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:1. Definition of the research problem, Selecting a problem, Choosing appropriate tools for handling the problem.2. Basic knowledge for handling physical problems: Fundamental concepts and basic laws of Physics.3. Errors in experimental measurements, propagation of errors (in simple cases), significant figures, dimensional analysis.4. Elementary statistical concepts. For example, mean, median, standard deviation, distribution functions. Graphical representation of data.5. Curve fitting, least square linear fit, error estimation of fitted parameters, limitation of the least square method.6. Basic computer knowledge, number system, fundamental of C language.B. Subject Specific (As per Physical Syllabus of NET Examination)Chemistry SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (Chemical Sciences)(50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:1. Spectroscopy2. Electroanalytical Methods3. Chemical methods of analysis4. Environmental analysis5. Chromatographic techniques6. Thermal Methods of Analysis7. X-ray Crystallography8. Electron Microscopy9. Radiochemical Methods of Analysis10. Analysis of data and units11. Applications of computers in ChemistryB. Subject Specific (Chemical Sciences)Unit I1. Chemical periodicity2. Concepts of acids and bases3. Main group elements and their compounds4. Transition elements and coordination compounds5. Inner transition elements6. Organometallic compounds7. Cages and metal clusters8. Bioinorganic chemistry9. Nuclear chemistryUnit II1. Basic principles of quantum mechanics2. Approximate methods of quantum mechanics3. Atomic structure and spectroscopy4. Chemical bonding in diatomics5. Chemical thermodynamics6. Statistical thermodynamics7. Electrochemistry8. Chemical kinetics9. Colloids and surfaces, Solid state, Polymer chemistryUnit III1. IUPAC nomenclature of organic molecules including regio and stereoisomers.2. Principles of stereochemistry3. Aromaticity4. Organic reactive intermediates5. Organic transformations and reagents6. Common named reactions and rearrangements – applications in organic synthesis.7. Organic reaction mechanisms8. Concepts in organic synthesis9. Pericyclic reactions10. Synthesis and reactivity of common heterocyclic compounds containing one and two heteroatoms (O, N, S).11. Chemistry of natural products.Unit IV1. Chemistry in nanoscience and technology.2. Catalysis and green chemistry.3. Medicinal chemistry.4. Supramolecular chemistry.5. Environmental chemistry.Mathematics SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (Mathematics)(50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:1. Numerical methods2. Probability3. Statistical Methods4. Integral TransformB. Subject Specific (Mathematics)Syllabus for Mathematics will be as per UGC – NET SyllabusGeological Science SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:1. Field techniques in Geology2. Methods of optical microscopy in the geological study3. Laboratory techniques for geological sample preparation4. Advanced analytical methods in Earth Sciences5. Application of stable isotopes in the interpretation of geological processes6. Application of Geophysical methods in Earth Sciences.B. Subject Specific (Following CSIR-UGC NET Syllabus)1. The Earth and the Solar System2. Earth Materials, Surface Features, and processes3. Interior of the Earth, Deformation, and Tectonics4. Environmental Earth Sciences5. Mineralogy and Petrology6. Structural geology and geotechnics7. Paleontology and its applications8. Sedimentology and stratigraphy9. Geochemistry10. Economic geology11. Precambrian geology and crustal evolution12. Quaternary geology13. Remote Sensing and GIS14. Engineering Geology15. Mineral Exploration16. Hydrogeology17. Geomorphology18. Environmental Geography19. Geography of India20. Gravity and Magnetic fields of the earth21. Plate Tectonics and Geodynamics22. Seismology and Elastic theory23. Gravity and Magnetic Methods24. Electrical and Electromagnetic Methods25. Well loggingLife Science & Biotechnology SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:1. Basics Concepts of Restriction Enzymes2. Cloning Vectors3. Cloning Methodologies4. PCR and Its Applications5. Medical Biotechnology6. The tool in Immunology and Cell Biology7. Tools used in BioinformaticsB. Subject Specific (As per NET Syllabus)Instrumentation Sc. SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:1. Definition-History-Evolution of Scientific Inquiry, Scientific Research, Characteristics, types, need of research.2. Basics of lithography, technique, synthesis and applications, the concept of carbon nanotubes (CNTs), functional aspects, synthesis, characterization methods.B. Specific Subject1. p-n junctions, diodes, transistors; biasing, LCR circuits, basics of OPAMPs and their applications; basics of digital electronics, including generators and detectors; transducers (temperature, pressure / vacuum, magnetic field, vibration, optical, and particle detectors), measurement and control; Signal conditioning and recovery, impedance matching, rectifiers, amplification (op-amp based, feedback), oscillators, filtering and noise reduction, Crystal structure, cohesive energy, surface energy, size effects on structure and morphology of nanoparticles, metallic, polymer and semiconductor Nanoparticles, types of nanostructures, properties.2. Bio-Chemistry3. Boundary value problems, fields in conducting, dielectric, frequency dependent polarization, dielectric loss, Faraday’s law, and time-varying fields; displacement current; Maxwell’s equations; energy and momentum of electromagnetic fields; propagation of plane electromagnetic waves, reflection, refraction; electromagnetic waves in dispersive and conducting media;4. Carbohydrates5. Light diffraction, interference, and polarization, refractive index and dielectric permittivity relations, Fibre optics materials, types, dispersion and attenuation in optical fibers. Spontaneous and stimulated emission, Einstein coefficients, LASER characteristics and fundamentals, resonator, He-Ne, CO2 and Semiconductor Lasers. Reflection, absorption, emission, scattering in spectroscopy.Geography SyllabusPart I: Research Methodology (50% of Total marks)Part II: Subject Specific (50% of total marks)A. Research Methodology:Unit I1. Research Questions and Hypothesis – Construction and Testing2. Research Methods and Methodology, Qualitative and Quantitative methods3. Need for Research Design, Types of Research Design4. Research Ethics and PlagiarismUnit II1. Various statistical Test like T-Test, Z-Test, G-Test, Chi-Square Test, Anova2. The relevance of RS and GIS in geographical research3. Authenticity and Treatment of Data anomaly; Processing and Analysis of Data4. Collection of Data – Sampling, Questionnaires and Schedules, Fieldwork TechniquesB. Subject Specific (Domain Knowledge geography as per NET Syllabus)Details about Jadavpur University Ph.D. Science Programme Syllabus 2019Organization Name: Jadavpur UniversityOrganization Website: www.jaduniv.edu.inName of the Course: Ph.D. Science ProgrammeNotice For: SyllabusImportant LinkDownload Jadavpur University Ph.D. Science Programme Syllabus 2019 pdfClick hereOfficial WebsiteClick hereMore Details: The Jadavpur University Ph.D. Science Syllabus 2019 For Written Entrance Test will help the candidates to boost their confidence & enhance their preparation level. For more details about Jadavpur University Ph.D. Science Syllabus 2019 candidates must visit the official website.Search for:Recent PostsTata Motors Recruitment 2020 – Apply for Medical Assistant Posts October 14, 2020Indian Air Force Recruitment 2020 – Apply For Airmen September 4, 2020NEF Railway Recruitment 2020 September 3, 2020Indian Army Recruitment 2020 September 3, 2020Air India Recruitment 2020 September 3, 2020Railway Jobs 2020 – Apply for 9,573 Railway Jobs January 16, 2020South Eastern Railway Recruitment 2020 – Apply Act Apprentice 1785 Posts January 16, 2020Rail Coach Factory, Kapurthala Recruitment 2020 – rcf.indianrailways.gov.in January 16, 2020Latest Banking Jobs 2020 – Apply Online for 9000+ Vacancies January 15, 2020West Central Railway Recruitment 2020 – Apply Online For 1273 Act Apprentice Posts January 15, 2020EJOBALERT © 2020"
