"7 November 2019 Current Affairs | Top Current Affairs on 7 Nov 2019Sarkari Naukari Syllabus Previous Papers Admit Card Result Bank Jobs Railway Jobs Entrance Exam Walkins MNC'sNavigationGovt JobsCentral Govt JobsSarkari ResultEmployment News 2021Current AffairsEbooksSSCMorePrivate JobsEmployee ZoneEmployer Zone7 November 2019 Current Affairs | Today Current Affairs Of Nov 2019candy November 7, 2019 Current Affairs Leave a CommentSMC Health Worker Recruitment 2021 RSMSSB Forest Guard Recruitment 2021 UBTER Staff Nurse Recruitment 2020-21Share7 November 2019 Current Affairs: News is the main source of the latest current affairs. Due to the development in science and technology, Social media and many other sources are providing the daily current affairs. Jobads is also one of the sites that provide free current affairs for all the candidates. Students and Jobseekers will search for the top current affairs to attempt Gk exams and Govt job exams. No doubt this is the best site for day to day current affairs for all competitive exams. Besides, Check the Current affairs 2019 Pdf and monthly current affairs ebooks. Therefore, Start studying today’s 7 November 2019 current affairs.Visit Jobads for more Free and top current affairs 2019.Bharat Darshan: Day to Day Current Affairs on 7/11/2019The Bharat Darshan train from IRCTC is available to tourists and pilgrims from all over the country. This is the first railway train to be assigned to the South Central Railway for visiting the temples. The design and management of these train tour packages are overseen by the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation. IRCTC Deputy General Manager Sanjeeviah says that the South India trip was the first step and that the tourist train would travel across the country in a phased way. Besides, 50,000 tourists travel to the north from south India trains every year to visit temples. Due to the lack of special railway facilities for popular tourist destinations, tourists have to rely on private services. The first train will be from Sri Rangam to Kanchipuram. However, New Bharat Darshan is on track on 7 November 2019 current affairs.First Indian to Get Noble Prize in Physics: Daily Current Affairs 2019Sir Chandrashekhara Venkata Raman is a famous scientist who is famous for the “CV Raman effect“. Raman was born in Madras on Nov 7th, 1888. He conducted experiments on the light scattering effect and achieved the noble prize for his work. CV Raman is the first person to receive a noble prize in physics in Asia. The Raman effect was discovered on 28 Feb and so, National science day is celebrated on that day. Besides, He got Bharat Ratna in 1954 and Noble prize in 1930. Sir CV Raman helped the physicists and chemists to get information on the moment of photons. Therefore, Scientists celebrate the Raman Birthday on 7 November 2019 current affairs.Shala Darpan Portal: Free Current Affairs On 7 November 2019Shala Darpan Portal of Navodaya Samiti was launched by the Sanjay Dhotre. He is the Union Minister of State for Human Resources Development. Central Government is helping the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti to develop in all aspects. This single integrated platform portal developed for sharing knowledge for 20,000 employees and 2 lakh students of Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti. The site programmed with open source technology to reduce the operational cost of the website. It will contain employee service record information & transfer order, disciplinary action. Besides, Students can register complaints at this portal if problems that endure with food and hostel situations. Therefore, the Shala Darpan portal was on 7 November 2019 current affairs.Bandicoot Robots: Important Current Affairs on 7 Nov 2019So many manhole workers fallen and died of toxic gases in manholes. GHMC first time uses a robot ‘Bandicoot’ developed by Zen Robotics. This robot is already used in Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, and Maharashtra is being used in deep manholes. The 4-wheeled Bandicoot has 4 cameras. The operator can check the User Interface Panel at the top. The arm-shaped arm pipeline dumps mud into the bucket. If the operator pulls out the mud on the manhole, the bucket is emptied and returned to the inlet. Bandicoot Robot costs Rs 32 lakh. Made with a carbon fiber body, it is lightweight. Besides, This can moved easily elsewhere. The bucket capacity for ejecting mud is 16 liters. Works with the help of a 3 kVA capacity generator. Therefore, Bandicoot was on 7 November 2019 current affairs.Swachhta Tax Suspended: Day to Day Current Affairs of Nov 2019Goa government set a Swachhta tax on 6 Nov 2019. Swachhta tax is a tax levied on taking photographs of the Parra village. Parra village is a famous tourist and beautiful scenery place for making movie shootings. Besides, It is the native place of former Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar. The village people and the tourists are against the photography tax. The reason for this is nature is a gift from the god and no one has the authority to keep. So, The Goa Government removed the tax due to the heavy opposition from the locals and tourists. Therefore, Swachhta tax suspended on 7 November 2019 current affairs.Nokia Smart Tv’s in Flipkart: Daily Current Affairs Of November 2019Nokia has made a fresh entry into the SmartTV segment. HMD Global Nokia has created a sensation in smartphones. Flipkart on 6th Nov makes a partnership with Nokia to launch Nokia Smart TVs in India. Flipkart saying it will work with an end-to-end market strategy to facilitate the development and distribution of Nokia-branded smart TVs domestically for Indian consumers. The JBL sound system will be used for advanced sound quality. This will be the first time JBL is making its debut in the Indian TV industry. Besides, Adarsh ​​Menon, Senior Vice President, Flipkart Electronics and Furniture head, says that it has agreed with JBL to provide the sound system to customers. Therefore, Nokia with Flipkart is on 7th November 2019 current affairs.Freedom on the Net Report: Top Current Affairs on 7 Nov 2019An international organization on internet rights “The Freedom House” published its 2019 research on ‘ Freedom on the Net ‘. In this report, Pakistan was the worst in the world for internet and digital media freedom. Pakistan ranks in 26 in the Internet watchdog country rankings and is in the third-worst region after Vietnam and China. The country scored 5 out of 25 for access restrictions, 14 out of 35 for content limits, and 7 out of 40 for user rights index violation. Besides, China is the world’s worst performer on the Freedom on Net report. However, Pakistan and China with the worst rankings are on 7 November 2019 current affairs.IORA 2019 Meet: Latest Current Affairs Of 7th November 2019The Minister of State for External Affairs V Muraleedharan will attend the 19th Indian Ocean Rim Association (IORA) Council of Ministers meeting in Abu Dhabi. The theme of the IORA meet 2019 is “Promoting a Shared Destiny and Path to Prosperity in the Indian Ocean”. IORA’s idea came from statements made in 1995 by former President of South Africa, Nelson Mandela. The IORA has its headquarters in Mauritius which established in 1997 and an intergovernmental body with 22 member states and 9 partners in a dialog. Besides, IORA establishment’s main reason is to support sustainable growth and stable regional development. Therefore, IORA 2019 Meet was on 7 November 2019 current affairs.Himachal Global Investors Meet 2019: 7 Nov 2019 Current AffairsRising Himachal Global investors meet 2019 will held at Dharamshala. Narendra Modi is the chief guest and inaugurates the investor’s meet. From all ends of the world, Investors, Ministers, development firms, officers from the corporate sector, and business people will attend this meet. The meet will be for two days in Himachal Pradesh. From the last two years, Himachal is good in development and convincing the investors to spend more to develop more further. Besides, Jairam Thakur who is the Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh held a meeting with industrial corporations to develop the state on 6 Nov 2019. A big business organization Representatives of Abu Dhabi and 16 countries global investors will engage in this meet. Therefore, the Global Investors meet was on 7 November 2019 current affairs.Indian Writers In BBC Rankings: 7 November 2019 Current AffairsThe authority panel appointed by the BBC selected 100 writers ranging from classical to contemporary literature that influenced the world. The rankings are on ten categories: love, politics, authority, child support, and society, etc. The group has selected a few books for each year under one category. This includes Arundhati Roy’s “The God of Small Things” book in the Identity category. RK Narayan’s “Swami and Friends’ coming of Age section. Salman Rushdie’s “The Moors Lost Sairaul”. Vikram Seth’s novel “A Suitable Boy” Family and Friendship category, “A House of Mr. Biswas” by VS Naipaul has been placed in the class and society category. Besides, The list was made 300 years after the publication of Robinson Crusoe, the first novel in English. Therefore, Top 100 BBC Novel writer rankings are on 7 Nov 2019 current affairs.Previous post	Next post	Leave your thoughts Click here to cancel the replyRecent PostsDC Kamrup Junior Assistant Syllabus 2021 | kamrup.assam.gov.in Exam Syllabus January 23, 2021Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Instruments Mechanic Syllabus 2021 | GSECL Exam Pattern January 23, 202123 January 2021 Current Affairs Quiz – Daily Current Affairs Quiz January 23, 2021West Bengal Cooperative Service Commission Clerk Syllabus 2020 & WEBCSC Exam Pattern January 23, 2021DHFWS Recruitment 2021 Walkin for 17 Medical Officer Jobs @ healthyhowrah.orgDHFWS Howrah Medical Officer Recruitment 2021: Candidates who are eagerly looking forward to join in Government Of West Bengal Family and Welfare Development, here is an advertisement from the higher authorities. Officials of DHFWS Howrah Invited applications from the eligible candidates for the post of Medical Officer with a total of 17 vacancies. Interested and Eligible candidates can apply toSericulture Assam Notification 2021 – Apply Online for 180 Grade IV JobsSericulture Assam Grade IV Recruitment 2021: Government Of Assam Handloom Textiles & Sericulture Directorate of Sericulture are released the notification for 180 Grade – IV, Seri Culture, Assam (Head Office & District/Sub-Divisional Offices) Posts. Candidates who are looking for the Govt jobs in Assam state apply for this Sericulture Assam recruitment 2021 in the application dates by submitting your application form @sericulturerecruitment.in. Last date toVMC Recruitment 2021 – Apply to 50 Back Office Apprentice Vacancies @ vmc.gov.inVMC Back Office Apprentice Recruitment 2021: Here is an advertisement for the post of Back Office Apprentice in Vadodara Municipal Corporation. So the contenders who are eagerly looking forward to joining Vadodara Municipal Corporation can start applying online. The last date to submit VMC Back Office Recruitment is 01st February 2021. All the interested and eligible candidates should submit theirRBI Jobs 2021 – Apply For 241 Security Guard PostsRBI Security Guard Recruitment 2021: On 22nd January 2021, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) higher authorities have issued the job notification for 241 posts. This RBI Notification 2021, is for Security guard posts. From 22nd January 2021 to 12th February 2021 by submitting their online application forms @ rbi.org.in contenders can apply for these RBI Security Guard Jobs 2021. Aspirants who areOrdnance Factory Recruitment 2021 | Apply For 10 Apprentice PostsOrdnance Factory Board Notification 2021: Hello Aspirants!! Ordnance Factory Board has published a new notification to fill the vacancies of Apprentice Posts. Overall, 10 vacant posts are available under this OFB Apprentice Recruitment 2021. Through online mode candidates can start to apply for Engineering Graduate and Technician (Diploma) posts. Aspirants who are looking for Central Govt Jobs can avail of thisSCCL Recruitment 2021 – Apply for 372 Fitter, Other Vacancies @ scclmines.comSCCL Mines Fitter Recruitment 2021: Hello Aspirants!! Here is the new notification from the recruitment authorities of Singareni Collieries Company Limited. Those who are looking forward to new jobs in Telangana can apply to SCCL Mines Fitter Recruitment 2021. According to SCCL Recruitment 2021, there are 372Posts are available. So the contenders who are really interested to join in SCCL JobsCochin Shipyard Ltd Jobs 2021 | 23 Junior Technical Assistant & Other PostsCochin Shipyard Ltd Jobs 2021: Good News For All Job Aspirants. Recently Cochin Shipyard Ltd has come up with the latest job notification to fill the vacancies of Jr Technical Asst, Storekeeper, Operator, Welder Cum Fitter posts. Interested and eligible candidates can start to apply for CSL Jr Technical Assistant Recruitment through online mode. As per the CSL notification 2021, a totalECIL Technical Officer Notification 2021 | Apply For 47 Posts @ ecil.co.inECIL Recruitment 2021 | 19 Technical Officer Posts | Apply Online | Last Date 31st January 2021 @ ecil.co.in ECIL Technical Officer Recruitment 2021: Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL) has come up with a new job advertisement for the posts of Technical Officer on a contract basis. Overall, 19 vacancies are available under ECIL Recruitment 2021. Both Online mode candidates canWest Bengal Police Sub Inspector Recruitment 2021 – Apply Online/ Offline for 1088 PostsWB Police SI Recruitment 2021: Hello contenders !!! West Bengal Police higher authorities have issued the recruitment notification on 21st January 2021 to invite the online applications from the job hunters of WB state for 1088 Sub Inspector/ Lady Sub Inspector (Unarmed Branch), Sub Inspector (Armed Branch) jobs. The number of vacancies under this WB Police SI Notification 2021 is large so job seekersManipur Recruitment 2021 – Apply to 162Veterinary Attendants, Vety. Field assistantsManipur Veterinary Attendant Recruitment 2021: Here is the new notification for the post of Veterinary Attendant, Primary Investigators, Veterinary Field Assistants. Candidates who are eagerly looking forward to new job opportunities in Imphal can use this opportunity and Apply to Manipur Jobs on or before the last date. The last date to submit Manipur Veterinary Attendant Recruitment is 30th January 2021. AccordingJOB CATEGORYCentral Govt JobsDefence JobsEngineering JobsRailyway JobsBank JobsGovt JobsIOCL JobsPSC JobsSTATE GOVT JOBSAndhra Pradesh Govt JobsAssam Govt JobsKerala Govt JobsChandigarh Govt JobsPunjab Govt JobsWest Bengal Govt JobsGujarat JobsDelhi Govt JobsPOPULAR SITESCoupon CodesAadhar News & UpdatesHealth TipsCOMPANY PROFILEABOUT USPRIVACY POLICYTERMS & CONDITIONS© Copyright @ 2019-2020 jobads.in All Rights Reserved | Developed & Maintained By Chandusoft technologies Pvt LtdSubscribe To Get Free Job Alert!	EmailNotify me about related job alerts.Yes	 No	If you opt in above we use this information to send related job alerts.SubscribeXGet Premium Current Affairs Ebooks (2018, 2019, 2020) PDF’s for FreeGet NowClose[supsystic-newsletter-form id=4]×[supsystic-newsletter-form id=5]××Send to a friendYour full nameYour friend emailContentSend×LoginLogin with FacebookLogin with GoogleLogin with LinkedInEmail	PasswordRemember MeSign InForgot Password? Don't have an account yet? Register Now×Sign UpLogin with FacebookLogin with GoogleLogin with LinkedInDisplay nameEmailPasswordRetype your passwordYou are-Select- I'm an employer looking to hire I'm a candidate looking for a jobI agree with the Terms of useSign UpAlready have an account? Login Now×Sign UpPlease let us know who you are to finish the registrationI'm an employer looking to hire I'm a candidate looking for a jobSign Up"
