"UIDAI Aadhaar Card Correction and Update Status 2020Skip to contentAbout UsContact USDisclaimersPrivacy PolicyTerms and conditionsFREEJOBGETER.COMLatest Jobs, Admit Card and ResultsMENU	HomeLatest JobAdmit CardAnswer KeySarkari ResultSyllabusBlogCareerCourseInstitute’sTop Colleges / UniversitySchoolsCoaching InstitutesMoreAbout UsPrivacy PolicyUIDAI Aadhaar Card Correction and Update Status, Download Adhaar card 2020By [email protected]Posted on April 4, 2020 April 14, 2020Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has release the Aadhaar Card is Important document of India. All Indian people who have Applied for Aadhaar Card can check their UIDAI Aadhaar Card Correction and Update Status and Download Aadhaar Card for Use.Verify Aadhar, Check UIDAI Aadhaar Card Correction and update Status.Short Information of Aadhaar CardHow to Download Aadhaar CardTo Download the Aadhaar Card Click on the links given Below of this page.Enter your Enrollment / Aadhar Number to download the Aadhaar Card and get OTP in your mobile phone.Enter your OTP Password to Aadhar Card Download.If you have forgot the all details As enrollment number and Aadhar No./ Lost Aadhar then use the find UID option.You can Also generate E Aadhaar through mAadhaar App.Password of Aadhar : The Aadhaar Card Password is the Combination of the First 4 Letter of your name in capital and the year of the birth (yyyy) as adhar password.Download Aadhar Card 2019Online Correction in E Aadhar CardUIDAI Aadhaar Card Correction and Update Status.If you Want any Corrections in Aadhar Card after Generating the Aadhaar Card.Kindly use Aadhar card correction Online or Offline Enrollment Center for any Correction.After the Correction Procedure Complete then Download E Aadhar Card After Few Days.How to Update Aadhaar CardTo update Aadhar Card status you need to Click on update Aadhar Card Link given Below of this page.You can also Download offline form for Update Aadhar Card and send to it’s Correction Office.How to Enrolled with new AadhaarFind your nearest Enrollment Center to choose your state name, District name and Area.Go to Aadhar Card Enrollment Center and Submit you essential document and Other related documents like Photo, Bio metric details.Your Aadhar is available on portal after few days.How to Aadhar Card link with PAN CardYou Can simply go to the efiling link of income tax login given below.Then click on the Link Aadhaar Section given on left.Fill the Pan Number and Aadhar Number.If you have only year on Aadhaar card the click on point.Then fill the CAPTCHA and then proceed to link Aadhaar.You can Also Link Pan With Aadhar by SMS .By sending sms to 567678 or 56161 from the registered mobile number.Type- UIDAI<12-digit Aadhaar><10 digit pan> sentUIDAI Aadhaar Card Correction and Update Status 2020Check Aadhaar Card Status Click HereDownload Aadhaar Card (Mobile) Click HereDownload Aadhaar (Enrollment ID / Aadhar No.) Click HereUpdate Aadhaar Card / Online Correction Click HereVerify Your Aadhar Click HereLink Aadhaar card with PAN card Click HereNotice for E-Aadhar Validity Click HereLock/ Unlock Biometrics Click HereAadhar Bank AC Link Status Click HereOfficial Website Click HereHow to Check Aadhaar StatusCandidates who have applied for the Aadhaar card,they can check their Aadhaar card status online easily through the UIDAI’s online portal as well as through phone via sms text message. Both processes are free and simple to use. Given below ,All steps to check Aadhaar card status Online:By using UIDAI’s Aadhar status checking service candidates can check their status of Aadhaar card by the following steps provided by UIDAI.1) To check your Adhar card status online go the official website of UIDAI the link is given above of the table. In the official website page of UIDAI at the bottom right corner of the page a link is given to Enrolment/Download E-Aadhaar/Update Aadhar applicants will be redirected to the Aadhaar Kiosk, after clicking the link, which displays a number of options with regards to Aadhaar Enrollment as well as Adhaar Update and status checks.The page will show the third option on the left ,which says ‘Check Aadhaar Status’. Residents must click on this option to be directed a page where they can check the status of Aadhar Card. Candidates must fill the following information in the blanks in order to check the status .You will see here the blank space for the Enrolment id ,you must fill your Enrollment id in the following format-EID (0124/12322/33134). You will have to fill date and time in the next blank space.The forment to fill date and time in the blank space as like (dd/mm/yyyy/hh:mm:ss)The next step is enter the security code to displayed on the screen. Click on the ‘Check status button at the bottom of the screen. If you are not sure about your Enrolment number you can check your application form.At the top of Aadhaar card slip there is 14 digit enrolment number ,date ,time of enrolment .It is a temporary enrolment ID called EID.How to Verify mobile number online for Aadhaar:Candidates also can check their Aadhaar card status through mobile number. But for this process your mobile number should be verified first,Here are some steps ,follow these easy steps to verify your mobile number.STEP-1: Go to the official website UIDAI to verify your mobile number.STEP-2: Here you will see at the bottom of the screen the option of ‘Aadhaar Services’ select this option which displays a link to Enrolment/Download/E-Aadhaar Update,.STEP-3: After clicking on the link you will be automatically redirected to the Aadhaar Kiosk.STEP-4:Here you will find a number of options on the screen like as: Aadhaar status check,Aadhaar Enrolment,Updating Aadhaar.STEP-5:Because you want to verify your mobile number so need to click on the ‘verify email/mobile ’option that appears on the right side of the page.STEP-6:After doing this you will redirected automatically to a particular page where you will be asked to verify the mobile number provided by you.STEP-7:Here you need to fill some details such as the 12 digits Aadhaar number,email id or mobile number.A security code will flash on the screen .You must enter the code and click on the ‘Generate verification code’ option .STEP-8:After clicking on the ‘Generate verification code’ link ,a verification code sent to you mobile number ,you need to enter the verification code received on the screen.After doing this click on the ‘verify’ option that appears at the bottom of the screen to complete the verification process.How to check Aadhaar Card status through mobile number:To check the Aadhaar Status through the mobile number that you register for the UDAI Aadhaar and follow these steps to check your Aadhaar Status.1. Type the following SMS”UID STATUS<14 Digits enrolment Number>”and sent it to 51969.2. It the Aadhaar has been generated ,the applicant will receive an SMS on the register mobile number to contain the Aadhaar number.3. If the applicant will not receive SMS,the sms sent to the applicants with the current status of the Aadhaar.How to check Aadhaar Status with Enrollment NumberYou applied for the Aadhaar card ,verification process is successfully completed you can check Aadhar Card correction online details.,then you will receives an acknowledgement slip.If you didn’t find this slip or it damaged,misplaced,you forgot,still you can track the status of your Aadhaar by following these steps-1. First of all you should go to the UIDAI’s official website.2. Click on the’ Aadhaar Service’ Linkhttps://resident.uidai.gov.in/web/resident/find-uid-eid through the help of this link you can go to the page directly.3. Click on the ‘Find UID/EID’.4. Here you will find an option to find your lost Aadhaar number or enrollment number.5. In the next step you will be asked to fill details like ,name,email Id,and mobile number to send otp.6. Now enter the security code that appears on the screen.7. Then click on the button ‘Get OTP’8. Enter the otp in the specific field that is required(OTP you will get on the mobile number that you registered or email Id.)9. Now click on the option of “Verify OTP”.10. You can also Generate ‘TOTP’. And Verify IT.Once you completed whole process successfully ,you will get your Aadhaar enrollment number on your email id or mobile number.How to check Aadhaar card status without enrollment number.If you have forgotten your enrollment number or have misplaced the acknowledgement slip, still you can check your Aadhaar card status . Follow these steps to find you lost enrollment number to check Aadhaar card Status-1. Go to the https://goo.gl/hSo8WC to find your enrollment number.2. Here Select EID/UID Aadhaar option to get your details.3.Enter your name ,email,mobile number,and security code to send the OTP on your registered mobile number.4. Enter the OTP in the space provided for the OTP,and then click on the Verify OTP Button.5. Once the otp Verified,the enrollment number,Aadhaar number is sent to the email id or mobile number that you registered to the Aadhaar Card.6. To check your Aadhaar status you can use this enrollment number.How to check Aadhaar status through India PostOnce your Aadhar process completed by UIDAI ,it will be sent to the residential address of the applicant through post within 60 to 90 days.If you want your Aadhaar in few days ,you can track your Aadhaar card online through the official website of India Post.Follow these steps to track your Aadhaar online through India post-1. Go to the India Post Official website.2. Enter the consignment details that you can get through Aadhaar website.3. Here on the screen you can see the details of Aadhaar consignment.To check the delivery status of Aadhaar, candidates can track his Aadhaar number at any India Post branch .Commonly Asked Questions-1) What is e-Aadhaar ?Answer- e- Aadhar is a password protected electronic copy of Aadhar. Which is digitally signed by the competent authority of UIDAI.2)Is E-Aadhaar equally valid like physical copy of Aadhar ?Answer- As per Aadhar Act. E-Aadhar is equally valid like physical copy of Aadhaar for all purposes. For UIDAI Circuler related on validity of E-Aadhaar click Here to know.3) What is the password to open Aadhar pdf ?Answer- The Aadhar pdf Password is the Combination of first 4 digit of your name and year of the date of birth ( yyyy) to open a Aadhar cardPosted in Certificate Service 2020Tagged Aadhar Card update, Aadhar password, Adhaar card Online correction, Check Aadhaar status, Download Aadhar Card, E-Aadhar Download, Link Aadhar with PAN, Verify Aadhaar card	Post navigationPrevious post UPPCL Stenographer grade III Result 2020 Out NowNext post Apply for New PAN Card Online nsdl/uti 2020, Check Status2 comments	Pingback: How to Register in mAadhaar App, Generate E Adhaar - FREEJOBGETER.COMPingback: New learning and driving licence online form 2020Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Search for:Recent PostsTop 10 Freelancing Sites 2020-21 | Work From Home Remote Jobs to Generate Passive IncomeRRB NTPC Exam Date Out | RRB NTPC Recruitment 2020Airports Authority Of India AAI Recruitment 2020 | Apply Online for 548 Jr. Executive & Apprentice PostRajasthan RSMSSB Forester and Forest Guard Recruitment 2020 Notification﻿Indian Air Force AFCAT 01/2021 Batch Notification﻿ Out | Bhartiya Vayu SenaCategoriesAdmissions (1)Admit Card (13)Answer Key (2)Career (1)Certificate Service 2020 (4)IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION (3)latest job (64)Bank Job Notification 2020 (8)Result 2020 (7)SSC Exams 2020 (8)State Jobs 2020 (2)Study Material (1)Syllabus (7)Top Colleges / University (1)Proudly powered by WordPress / Theme: Superfast"
