"JoBlackman.com: 3D Paper Trimmer Blog Hop July 2020 Topic: Xmas in July...PagesHomeEvents and ClassesJoin My TeamTutorialsVideo TutorialsMonday MashupSimple Suite StampersSunday, 26 July 20203D Paper Trimmer Blog Hop July 2020 Topic: Xmas in July...Good morning and welcome to the 3D Paper Trimmer Blog Hop. This is my first time joining in with this hop and I am very excited to be here.Anyone who knows me knows that I love to make anything 3d. I love the satisfaction of creating something from flat card! I am often asked about my thought process for creating 3d items and honestly, I am not sure, all I do know is that if I have an idea (usually in the middle of the night), I jot it down and draw my vision on paper first. Once I have done that I visualise it as if it were flat, like a flattened box if you like, I then set about playing with measurements to see what works, sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't, sometimes it's thrown in the bin, sometimes I will not give up until it is exactly how I want it!The project I am sharing with you today came to me in the middle of the night, as predicted, so I scribbled it down and the next evening set about creating. This project went together reasonably well with only two versions of the lid being made lol!!The box is designed to hold gift tags, in this instance, christmas gift tags. These would be great for christmas fayres or to give away to friends and family.The box has three sections, two sections for gift tags and a section in the middle where I have wrapped the Braided Linen Trim and dyed white baker's twine around a dolly peg. The top is made using acetate and the Dainty Diamonds 3D Embossing Folder.Here are some close ups of the tags. I have used the brand new Have a Hoot stamp set which will be available to order from 4 August. It is such a cute little set with 6 owl images and some hoot inspired greetings.I stamped all the images using Staz On permanent ink and used our new Water Painters to colour them in. They require little colouring so are quick and easy to make. The top of the tag is made using the Delightful Tag Topper punch.And of course I had to make a matching card.I hope you like my project today you can see how I made it here.You can follow the list of hoppers below and please leave us all a comment, we love to hear from you and receive feedback on our projects.Happy Craftin'JoxRoll CallElisabeth Pirolt - Little Lizzy’s Crafts (AT)Simone Schmider - simone-stempelt (D)Tricia Butts (USA)Jo Blackman (UK) - YOU ARE HEREGez Carpenter (UK)Kathrin FuchsSigrid Joch - Sigrids kreative ARTNicole Mahler (USA)The contents of this blog are the sole property of Jo Blackman, Independent Stampin' Up! Demonstrator and is not endorsed by Stampin' Up!®Images © Stampin’ Up!The photos, ideas, tutorials, projects are for your personal use only and may not be reproduced for websites, competitions or publications without the express permission of the author.Powered by Blogger."
