"31 Best International Travel Jobs 2021 - Live Your TravelSkip to content	Menu	HomeBlogAboutContact31 Best International Travel Jobs 2021Max / January 19, 2021 July 7, 2020Save	Last Updated on January 19, 2021 by MaxIf you like to travel but aren’t a millionaire yet, don’t worry, there are several great ways to see the world and make money at the same time. In this article I will introduce you to the most promising and exciting international travel jobs.Not only will travel be free, but it can often be even more fun to travel with a mission. You will meet interesting, like-minded people instead of just seeing sights or being bored on the beach (although this can be nice too from time to time).This list will include every single job that has to do with travel. The jobs are divided into 3 different categories:Digital Nomad Jobs (online jobs that are location-independent),International Travel jobs in the travel industry and entry level travel jobsJobs that require travelSo let’s get started and jump right into the list:31 Best International Travel Jobs 2021Digital Nomad International Travel Jobs1. Freelance TranslatorWorking as a freelance translator is an excellent opportunity if you speak a language other than your mother tongue. You can do this from anywhere in the world and be location independent.If you’re not bilingual, I would always advise you to translate only into your mother tongue. You can translate blog posts, websites, or books for other people while traveling around the world.Translating is ideal for people who speak more than one language and have a particular knack for words. It is satisfying work for perfectionists who like to go through specific phrases repeatedly until they sound perfect.Translating is also an excellent opportunity if you are an expert in a particular field. You can then translate texts loaded with specific terms.The easiest way to start getting clients is via freelancer platforms such as Upwork and Fiverr. I personally recommend Upwork because you will find many serious and well-paying clients relatively easy.2. Freelance CopywriterSave	Copywriting is the art of writing texts that turn readers into customers. It’s great for people who like to write, and it has a much higher earning potential than just writing content.If you have a flair for writing memorable texts aimed at consumers, you should definitely consider this opportunity. As a copywriter, it’s not just about writing about how great a product is. The copywriter needs to understand the target audience for the product and then be able to sell an idea based on that.I would recommend that you start by putting together a portfolio and setting up an account on Upwork.If you are new to copywriting, don’t let that stop you. Everyone used to be. Danny Margulies from Freelancetowin has invented a great technique that allows you to create a copywriting portfolio in 30 minutes.3. SEO SpecialistSearch Engine Optimization or short SEO is definitely one of the most critical aspects of any online business.While it’s not the easiest craft, there are tons of great online resources that will help you become an SEO specialist. Wouldn’t it be great to travel the world while assisting others in ranking their content on Google at the same time?It will undoubtedly take some time and effort, but if you master SEO, you will never lack job opportunities.As an SEO specialist, you must keep up to date with the latest SEO trends. Google frequently changes its algorithms, and what was valid two years ago isn’t necessarily the best strategy today.I would recommend you to follow Brian Dean’s blog Backlinko.He is an absolute legend when it comes to SEO, and it’s a great place to learn the secrets of SEO.4. WordPress DeveloperDid you know that WordPress is the most popular CMS (Content Management System) in the world?According to WPbeginner.com about 35% of all websites are powered by WordPress.It definitely takes a certain amount of dedication and technology savviness to become a WordPress expert. Still, you don’t need a degree in computer science to create beautiful websites for others. And remember that all this is possible while sitting on a beach somewhere far away in the sun.As a WordPress developer, you can create websites for clients, or you create your own websites that you can sell later at a profit. The Flippa platform is a great place to sell your finished websites.This work is excellent for people with a keen eye for detail. You should be good with aesthetics and visuals to create beautiful websites. It’s also essential to keep up to date with the latest WordPress plugins and the technology behind them.5. Virtual AssistantThis is one of the easier international travel jobs to enter. As a virtual assistant, you must be organized and reliable. Often you start out as a virtual assistant and then work your way up to a higher position in your client’s company.You will have to work long hours to earn a decent salary, but the advantage is that you can do this from anywhere in the world. All you need is a laptop and good WiFi.If you don’t mind the limited scaling possibilities and are willing to spend a lot of time in front of the computer, this can be an excellent opportunity to combine work and travel. However, be aware that depending on your client’s location, the time zone you are in may be of importance.If you want to find out more about becoming a virtual assistant I recommend this great article on Be My Travel Muse.6. BloggingBlogging is a great opportunity to become location independent and travel the world. But be aware that it’s certainly not a system to get rich quickly.As an old saying by Jean-Jacques Rousseau goes: “Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.”With the right amount of dedication and smart work, the earning potential for bloggers is enormous. There is a lot of outdated blogging advice on the Internet, and it is definitely still possible to scale a blog quickly.Focus on monetizing your blog and earning money from the start, instead of writing for 2-3 years until the first dollars flow.The key is to treat your blog like a business, not a hobby. You need to master many different skills such as SEO, public relations, and web design, so it is crucial that you read a lot and keep on learning.With perseverance and the right strategy, blogging can fulfill your wildest travel dreams. You don’t even have to be a travel blogger to do so.Adam Enfroy is an excellent example of someone who managed to scale his blog incredibly fast by treating it like a startup. He covers everything you need to know if you plan to start a blog.7. Dropshipping BusinessSave	Dropshipping started a few years ago as a big hype. In the following years, its reputation was not always the best, and it was even sometimes declared dead. However, it is definitely still possible to start a profitable dropshipping business in 2021.The beauty of a drop-shipping business is that you can run an online shop, but don’t have to worry about fulfilling orders. The products are shipped directly from the manufacturer.Meanwhile, you can travel around the world and focus on management and marketing while living your best digital nomad lifestyle.The earning potential is basically uncapped, but it takes a lot of work and perseverance to boost your business. Also, don’t forget to deal with the legal aspects such as product liability to avoid unpleasant surprises.If you want to know more about the world of drop shipping, I recommend you reading this super interesting, honest article about the drop shipping scene in Bali.8. Trading Stocks / CryptocurrenciesIf you already have some funds, day trading, or investing in stocks and cryptocurrencies could be an excellent option to increase your “stack” and live on your profits.Higher volatility and, therefore, higher potential profits make trading cryptocurrencies particularly interesting. Remember, however, that higher volatility always comes with higher risk. Especially if you are considering margin or futures trading, you should have a lot of experience and know what you are doing.To become a profitable trader, you need to practice a lot with small amounts of money, which you are happy to lose. Once you become consistently profitable, you are ready to move on to higher numbers.Remember to always do your own research first and never invest more than you can comfortably lose. Also, only trade on reputable and trustworthy exchanges.9. Online PokerDo you have extra-large sunglasses, a cap, and a chunky pair of headphones? Could you imagine yourself in Las Vegas with some of the best poker players in the world and playing for millions of dollars?If you have nerves of steel and a lot of talent, then playing poker for a living might be what you dream of. Luckily there is an easy way to enter the world of poker: online poker.But it is certainly not suitable for everyone and involves a great deal of risk. Some people are too emotional and never become winning players.If you study a lot online and invest a few hours every day, you might master the game faster than you think. As a starting point, it’s essential to find out whether you are more of a tournament player or prefer to play cash games. Tournaments are more exciting and varied, while cash games require patience and discipline.Travel Jobs in the Travel Industry10. Hotel InspectorTravel around the world and stay in some of the best and most legendary hotels. What at first sounds like one of the best international travel jobs on earth is in real life an extremely demanding career.As a hotel inspector, you should have an exceptional eye for detail and move confidently in various scenes. Whether it’s a simple 3-star hotel or a luxurious hotspot for VIPs, you need to make sure that you always adapt to your surroundings. Otherwise, your cover will be exposed faster than you realize.Other helpful qualifications as a hotel inspector include strong report writing skills and refined knowledge of human nature.It’s not always easy to turn this kind of work into a career, and sometimes it takes a bit of luck to get an entry.If you would like to learn more about it, I recommend that you read this interview with a hotel inspector.11. Hotel ManagerDo you enjoy working with other people, and can you imagine leading a team? And all this at your personal dream destination? Then a career as a hotel manager could be something for you.Hotel managers have a very diverse and international job. They have to manage all areas of their hotel, whether dealing with guest complaints, creating a marketing plan, or checking finances and financial success.Experience in the travel industry and a Bachelor’s degree are essential requirements for a hotel manager. You should also be an excellent communicator and possess certain leadership qualities.If you don’t feel like working for a large hotel chain, there is always the possibility of opening your own hotel at your dream destination. Be aware, however, that this would require a relatively high financial outlay.12. Tour GuideSave	Working as a tour guide offers you various possibilities and is definitely an international job that requires travel. You can lead bus tours, offer walking tours in your dream city, or accompany organized group tours, lasting up to several weeks.As a tour guide, you probably won’t get rich, but it is a very varied travel job with many opportunities to get started. Tour guides should be good storytellers and easily connect with all kinds of people.A particular love of nature and interest in foreign cultures complete the profile of the perfect tour guide.13. Flight AttendantBecoming a flight attendant is an excellent opportunity for an international travel job. As a minimum requirement, you should have a high school degree or equivalent. Still, a related bachelor’s degree is certainly helpful.It might also be a good idea to gain work experience in a similar profession, like customer service.The usual procedure is to apply directly to the airline. If they hire you, you will be trained as a flight attendant in a 3 to 6-week long training process. You will complete the training with an FAA certificate (Federal Aviation Administration).Flight Attendants should be friendly, helpful, patient, and good at keeping calm in challenging situations. You should also have some sort of natural authority to deal well with troublesome passengers.The income potential is good, and overall you have an excellent opportunity for a job that involves travel.This is an excellent article that goes into more detail on how to become a flight attendant.14. Work on a Cruise ShipBecoming part of a crew on a cruise ship is an attractive international travel job for many. You work on a floating hotel, while you also experience new destinations when the boat is anchored.Working on a cruise ship can mean that you are responsible for entertainment, working as a hostess, childcare worker, hairdresser, kitchen, or in one of the many shops. The possibilities seem endless.According to AllCruiseJobs, there are some specific requirements that all applicants must meet. One must be at least 21 years old, have a valid passport, and a work permit VISA. You must be able to speak English and other languages. You must pass a medical examination. And last but not least, you must obtain a Basic Safety Training certificate.The certificate can also be taken during your time on the ship. Still, if you already have such a certificate, you are more likely to be accepted into the crew.15. Holiday EntertainerBecome the center of attention. Create entertainment for young and old. Be everyone’s friend. Be everyone’s host. All this is the life of an entertainer. And it is one of the most social international travel jobs.If you have a sociable and friendly personality and love to entertain the people around you, working as an entertainer will perfectly suit you. Entertainers usually work in hotels and on cruise ships.Whether you are introducing the next cast of the show you are preparing or looking for artists to entertain your guests, you always have your guests’ interests in mind.You should not only be an entertainer by heart but also be good with children. Most hotels and similar establishments also want to make their younger guests happy and satisfied.A happy child is a happy parent. Whether it’s a mini-disco or building “your own dinosaur or princess” in the garden, you have to organize it.Often you have a so-called animation team behind you. They will help you to entertain the guests as well. Your team will usually be responsible for the daily water polo or volleyball tournaments.Apart from having the right personality for such a task, experience is also an advantage. Maybe you have already worked in an animation team, or perhaps you have experience in customer service.Be aware that working as an entertainer often means working late into the evening.16. ReceptionistSave	It is common for receptionists to work abroad for a few years or even for the rest of their lives. They do so out of wanderlust and because their skills are needed all over the world.Of course, it is also possible to get a job as a receptionist if you have no education. Still, it might be more difficult as most hotels prefer a specific experience. If you want to work in a hotel, you should have a high school diploma, proof of college courses or a degree in hospitality.Learning the language of the country you want to work in is also a good idea, as most hotels require it. You should also have experience in customer service. Many guests will come to your desk every day, and they may not always be satisfied. So it is definitely an advantage if you are good at staying calm in challenging situations.Working as a receptionist at one of your desired destinations will combine work with travel, allowing you to discover new cultures and cities.Perhaps you have always dreamed of working in a tropical or exotic place? This could be possible as a receptionist.17. Travel AgentYou probably wonder whether there is still a need for travel agents in the age of the Internet, as it is one of the more traditional international travel jobs. But there is.Think about particular types of holidays like a honeymoon or business trips. Travel agents are well connected in the travel industry. They regularly go on scouting trips to find the best places and hotels.If you plan to become a travel agent, an educational background in tourism is helpful but not a must.Try to find your niche and become a real expert in it. This could, for example, be luxury travel. Then figure out what your target group wants and build your brand. On this basis, you can grow a loyal customer base.As a travel agent, you should be structured and have a good understanding of what people want. You should have the skills to build a network, and you need to be available to your customers 24/7.You should also be familiar with travel insurance to protect your business.18. HousesittingYou have probably heard of babysitting and pet-sitting, but house sitting? Believe it or not, it’s actually a trendy international travel job.Working as a house sitter can be a full-time job or something you sometimes do. It means taking care of someone’s home while they are away. This can be a few days, weeks, months, and sometimes even years.But why would anyone hire a house sitter? If someone lives in your house while you are away, it can be very beneficial as it can reduce crime. An empty house attracts burglars.Another reason could be that the household has pets that they cannot bring with them and therefore need someone to look after them. A pet needs attention 24/7.Why should you become a house sitter? Many people see it as an alternative way to travel. Housesitting offers the opportunity to live among locals, and you have the chance to explore your travel destination alternatively.Jobs that require travel19. Musician / DJSave	There is a quite illustrious crowd of DJs who travel around the world in private jets and live the hedonistic dream. Fortunately, you don’t have to become that famous before you start playing gigs all over the world.This is one of the shiniest international travel jobs on the list, but certainly one of the hardest to achieve. Nowadays, in most cases, it’s not enough to just spin some hot tunes.If you want to be successful, you also need to become a music producer and well-rounded artist.Ableton Live for producing and Native Instruments Traktor for DJIng are two excellent software programs suitable for beginners but also used by professionals.However, be prepared to work hard for 3-5 years until you achieve significant success unless you are a musical super-talent or lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time.20. Club PromoterDo you like to party, spend your days on a warm beach and meet other people? Then becoming a promoter for a nightclub could be the right thing for you.You get paid to get the right people to the right parties. It’s an excellent opportunity to spend the summer abroad in a popular party destination like Ibiza.But all that glitter is not gold. Promoters experience a lot of rejection. The pay is not always great, and the constant partying can harm your health. On the bright side, you can meet many interesting people, have a real adventure at your dream destination, and experience some of the best DJs in the world live.Club promoters should be sociable, know about current music trends, and be good at building valuable contacts. Coupled with a healthy work ethic and the ability to handle stimulating substances responsibly, you are well on your way to becoming a successful promoter.21. Au PairIf you like children and are interested in spending some time abroad, becoming an Au Pair might be something for you. In any case, it would be helpful if you speak a few different languages fluently and have some sort of degree.Au pairs often join the host families on vacations, which opens up even more opportunities to travel and earn money at the same time.It takes a bit of luck to end up with a nice and friendly family. Payment often does not go beyond free accommodation and some pocket money. Still, if you are a young person ready for an adventure abroad, it’s definitely an exciting opportunity.There is also the possibility to make this a full-time career. This requires a degree and exceptional skills in teaching and raising children. It is also helpful to blend in with families that are often quite wealthy, so you need polished manners and discretion.Find out how it is to be an au pair.22. CEO / Top ManagementMembers of a company’s top management are often on the road to meet their business partners and important clients in personal meetings. However, the saying “time is money” is applicable here.You will probably not see much more than your hotel room and meeting rooms. This is not a typical international travel job. But if you like to simply be on the road and enjoy hanging out at airports, this is still an excellent opportunity to travel for business.It is also possible that your company sends you to another country for a few years and you become an expat. As you can imagine, salaries at this management level are often excellent, but it is also challenging to get into these positions.A master’s degree from a prestigious university is often one of the minimum requirements. You should not sleep on polishing your CV from a young age, either.23. AthleteSave	Let’s face it, most people reading this are probably too old to become professional athletes. You often have to start in early childhood or at the latest during college to make it to the top.But there are some opportunities for “older” people. Most endurance athletes are usually older. If you are already quite fit and enjoy sports, a career as a triathlete, long-distance runner, or cyclist could be considered.When you travel to tournaments all over the world, you can perfectly combine your job with traveling. Even in the amateur leagues, you can usually at least travel domestically.For some inspiration, I advise you to read this interview with the cyclist Evelyn Stevens about her incredibly successful career. She first started cycling at the age of 26 and quickly made it to the top in a few years.24. JournalistWorking as a journalist in the 21st century means that the whole world is your workplace. If you have a keen interest in the world situation, a sharp pencil, and a feel for what readers want to read, you are a born journalist.Working as a journalist abroad can mean many things, but above all, it means combining work and travel.Either you work for a media outlet in your own city, which then sends you abroad as a reporter, or you work as a journalist for a media outlet in another country.If you want to become a journalist, you should have at least a Bachelor’s degree in journalism or similar. Writing experience gained during internships or jobs at newspapers, magazines, or as a freelance journalist is also a great advantage.It will help you to build a network that you will need later in your career. Remember that most people want to see a portfolio of your work so that they can better judge whether you are the right person for their media or not.Besides, an internship or semester abroad can increase your chances of meeting the right people. If you know many international people in the industry, you can optimize your chances of working abroad.Here is some further advice on how to become a journalist.25. PodcasterPodcasts are currently one of the biggest hypes. The most common form of a podcast is an expert interview on the topic of the podcast.Of course, you could also simply interview your expert over the phone or via video call. Still, there is a particular aspect of authenticity and intimacy that can only be achieved if you are in the same room with your interview guest.This is an excellent opportunity for an international job that requires travel by interviewing your experts in their home locations.26. Freelance PhotographerSave	Woman outdoors taking pictures with her camera. Female traveler making memories of her travel.Whether you’re a fashion photographer, a landscape photographer, or just working on your own photo book, being a photographer is an excellent example of an international travel job.It’s one of the more creative international travel jobs on this list. The technology required to take great-looking pictures has become much cheaper today, so entry barriers are low.Focus on post-production techniques and getting an eye for the right staging of an image. You could soon land some high-profile photography gigs that will allow you to visit many new countries.It would be helpful if you had an eye for esthetics and some creative talent.Find out more about how to become a skilled travel photographer.27. ModelIt is a little bit influenced by our genes, but there are many ways to work as a model nowadays, even if you do not fit into the perfect picture of a model. Diversity is THE buzzword in the fashion industry these days, and the market for plus-size models is also booming.Instagram opened up further opportunities to become a coveted model, as brands love to tap into popular influencers’ audience.You have to be good at handling rejection in this profession and be willing to work very hard to succeed. A certain amount of outgoing personality does not hurt either.The reward would be a glamorous lifestyle where you work with the most sought-after designers while flying back and forth between different fashion hotspots like NYC, Paris, and London.28. ActorIt is no secret that most famous actors travel a lot. Be it to shoot scenes for their latest film or for the subsequent promo tour, they are always on the road.The latest James Bond movie “No Time To Die,” for example, was shot in Italy, Jamaica, Norway, England, and the Faroe Islands. So Daniel Craig has definitely been traveling a lot lately.There is a particular lucky aspect to making it as an actor, but hard work and dedication often pay off. Moreover, you can also go to acting school to hone your acting skills.Be prepared to take on side jobs at the beginning of your career. Still, if you stick with it and climb the career ladder to secure more prominent roles, acting can be an enriching career with plenty of travel opportunities.As an inspiration to always believe in your dream, read about how the at that point relatively unknown actress Daisy Ridley secured the leading role in Star Wars.29. InfluencerSave	Influencers take up a considerable part of the marketing budget of companies nowadays. An influencer advertises certain services or products to its loyal followers.It is the authenticity of this type of advertising that makes it so popular for brands. To become an influencer, you must first build a following. This could be on Youtube, Instagram, or Twitter, for example.To be successful, you need to have a strong concept and continuously deliver new, high-quality content to your followers. It has become quite challenging to build a decent following in 2021, but the rewards can be enormous if you succeed.Try to be different from others and let your real personality shine through. International travel lifestyle included!30. Wedding PlannerPlanning a wedding is not easy, especially if you want it to be perfect.In recent years wedding planners have made the whole world their workplace. Either to attract customers from another country or to plan a wedding at a foreign location.This means that the work of a wedding planner can be anywhere. You will not only meet new people, but also new cultures and cities to get in touch with.I would recommend that you start your own business as a wedding planner. But before you do that, you should consider gaining some practical experience. Working for a wedding planner as an assistant is always a good idea.Otherwise, you can also obtain a certificate from the American Association of Certified Wedding Planners. Having a certificate is not a must, but it is a great way to show your prospective clients that you are a professional, and therefore a way to gain their trust.If you are starting your own business, consider what would make you a unique wedding planner and why couples should hire you to plan their perfect wedding. Try to provide what is desired and you can build a profitable business while relieving many stressed couples around the world.Be unique in your offer and stand out from the crowd.31. English TeacherOut of 7.5 billion people on earth, about 1.5 billion can speak English. Working as an English teacher today is not just about working at the local school, it’s one of the many international travel jobs that open the doors to the big wide world.Many countries on the Asian continent and in South America hire English teachers to work in schools where it is needed. Schools range from local schools in a rural province in China to elite schools in the world’s busiest cities.If you want to work as an English teacher somewhere far away from home, you should show proof of a Bachelor’s degree and proof of English language skills.If you obtain a TEFL certificate (Teaching English as a Foreign Language), you can get a job as an English teacher abroad. A TEFL certificate takes about 4 weeks of full-time online study and costs about 400-500 dollars.What are the advantages of international travel jobs?A great advantage is that you can combine your passion for travel with your job. If you think of a traditional corporate job in the USA, you will only get about 10 holiday days per year. For many, this means that they cannot realize their travel plans.Another advantage of travel jobs is that you can use your skills in an international environment. You acquire intercultural competence and develop your personality.And last but not least, it is a lot of fun to be on the road all year round or to live at your dream destination.What are the best paying international travel jobs?There is no general answer to this question. With almost all international travel jobs on this list, you can earn well if you work hard.Of course, there are specific differences in terms of possible income. As a rule of thumb, all jobs where you start your own business have higher income potential, but at the same time involve higher risk.Find what works best for you and stick with it for a few years to become very good at it. The money will follow!How can I make money traveling?A perfect example of someone who makes money from travel would be a travel blogger. They travel and then inform others about their travels and give them recommendations about the best places, hotels, restaurants, etc.But even the travel blogger has to do much more than just travel. Writing blog posts, building backlinks, and working on social media marketing takes countless hours in front of the screen.Although the international travel jobs on the list all require travel, of course, it is never enough to just travel. So the best way to make money from travel is to combine your work with travel.How can I travel for free?Some people claim that you can travel for free. I would argue that it is not possible. It is only possible if you hitchhike, do couch surfing, and continuously count on others’ hospitality and friendliness.The best way to (almost) travel for free is probably to do housesitting in different places throughout the year. But then you still have to find a way to cover living expenses and costs for flight tickets or train rides.Luckily the various international travel jobs on this list provide you with plenty of inspiration to start your own career in the world of travel!Save	Share via:FacebookTwitterPinterestMoreCategories Location Independence Post navigationWhat to Bring to The Beach – 61 Beach Packing List Ideas 202129 Essentials Every Traveler Should Bring on A Road Trip 2021MaxFull-time Blogger and Digital Nomad. Join me here on LiveYourTravel.com and learn how to make travel your daily lifestyle.MoreLeave a Comment Cancel replyCommentName Email WebsiteSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Join our Newsletter!SUBSCRIBEPowered By ConvertKitRecent PostsCan you bring food on a plane? Ultimate list 202129 Essentials Every Traveler Should Bring on A Road Trip 202131 Best International Travel Jobs 2021PagesPrivacy Policy©2021 LIVE YOUR TRAVEL	HomeBlogAboutContactClose237 SharesFacebookTwitterPinterestMore NetworksShare viaFacebookTwitterLinkedInMixPinterestTumblrSkypeBufferPocketVKontakteParlerXingRedditFlipboardMySpaceDeliciousAmazonDiggEvernoteBloggerLiveJournalBaiduMeWeNewsVineYummlyYahooWhatsAppViberSMSTelegramFacebook MessengerLikeEmailPrintCopy LinkCopy linkCopyCopiedWe use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptRejectRead More"
