"TRÜTZSCHLER - My IdentityCookies help us offer our services. If you use our services, you agree. (Show data privacy)Login with your TRÜTZSCHLER - IdentityPlease enter your email address and your password.Forgot password?You don't have access yet?Register now@truetzschler.deImprintData privacyImprintTrützschler GmbH & Co. KG TextilmaschinenfabrikDuvenstr. 82 -92, 41199 Mönchengladbach, GermanyP.O. Box 41 01 64, 41241 Mönchengladbach, GermanyTelephone: +49 2166 607 0, Telefax: +49 2166 607 405E-mail: info@truetzschler.deUST-ID-Nr. DE 120823336The corporation is a limited partnership with Head Office at Moenchengladbach.Registered office is at Moenchengladbach HRA 8800.Personally responsible Corporation is the Trützschler machine company ltd. with Headquarter in Moenchengladbach.Registered office at Moenchengladbach HRB 2015.Managing director: Dr. rer. pol. Dirk Burger, Dr. rer. oec. Ralf Napiwotzki, Dr.-Ing. Dipl.-Wirtsch.-Ing. Christof SoestTrützschler has been certified as complying with ISO 9001 since 1996.Strategy, conception, design, Technical support: Trützschler GmbH & Co. KG / IT[Close]Data privacyThank you for visiting our website and your interest in our company and our products. The protection of your privacy in the processing of your personal data, as well as the security of all business data, is an important concern to which we pay special attention during our business processes. Personal data collected during your visit to our websites are processed by us confidentially and in accordance with applicable laws and rules.Collection and processing of dataWhen you visit our websites, our web servers automatically store the IP address assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider, the website from which you visit us, the pages you actually visit and the date and length of your visit. Additional personal data is only stored if volunteered by you. We may store some information in form of so-called „Cookies“ on your computer to optimise our websites according to your preferences. You can also set your In-ternet Browser to refuse to accept cookies.Use and disclosure of personal dataWe use your data for the purpose of technical administration of the websites and to fulfil your requests and requirements. The use of your data for product-related surveys and marketing purposes - but only to the extent necessary for each specific case - is subject to your prior consent. We will only disclose data to governmental authorities in cases where it is required by law.SecurityWe use technical and organisational security measures to protect the data managed by us against manipulation, loss, destruction and against access by unauthorised persons. Our security measures are subject to continuous improvement as new technology becomes available.Right of accessUpon request, we will inform you whether and which personal data concerning you are stored with us.CookiesCookies are used in some places of these web pages. Their purpose is to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files, which are saved on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. These are deleted automatically when you end your visit. “Persistent cookies” are used to record information about computers from which people regularly visit our web pages. They allow us to offer optimum user guidance, to recognise you and to design our web pages to make them customer-friendly. Cookies do not do any damage on your computer and do not contain viruses.You can also visit our web pages without cookies. But to do so you would have to deactivate the storing of cookies in your browser, restrict it to certain websites or set up your browser in such a way that it alerts you as soon as a cookie is set. Please note that in that case you may be restricted in your use of the web pages and the services offered therein.App Downloading the appWhen downloading the app, the information required is transmitted to the App Store / Play Store, i.e. in particular the email address and password of your account, time of download and the individual device ID. However, Trützschler has no influence on the collection of these data. Without your explicit consent or without legal basis, your personal data will not be forwarded to any third party that is not involved in the implementation of the contract.Automated data collectionThe app My Production is connected to T-DATA via a server infrastructure that is operated by a third-party provider. In this case, the following data are automatically transmitted to the third-party provider for technical reasons: IP address, date and time, the data volume transferred, the accessing device and a notification whether the access has been successful.If required, the data obtained are evaluated to detect and prosecute misuse, to analyse technical problems and to evaluate the server utilisation.After successfully connecting your T-DATA installation to your My T-DATA Account and agreeing to the transfer of your data, T-DATA sends the data relevant for the operation of the app to the aforesaid server infrastructure.The data mentioned above will enable you to use the app in a technical manner. The data can also be evaluated in anonymised form for statistical purposes as well as to improve the services offered.To ensure that the database of the offer is retained, the data are backed up in regular intervals. These data are only used for the purpose of restoring the database in case of loss of data.Data entered by userBefore you can use this app, a user account must be established. For this purpose you must enter your user name and a password. The user account is activated or established by your IT administrator. The data mentioned above are required to establish and manage the user account on your behalf.Using the app allows you to navigate on various levels within the app. The respective data (navigation commands) are collected by Google Analytics and evaluated for product improvement.Deletion of data, retention of dataYour IT administrator can completely delete your user account for the app. Please note that after deletion of the user account the app can no longer be used.Trützschler will store your data as long as it is necessary and permissible.Trützschler reserves the right to delete a user account if it has not been activated within two years.Use of usage dataYour personal data required to utilise the services offered by Trützschler (\"usage data\") are used to fulfil the contract. Such usage data are your email address, a unique user name, details of beginning and end as well as scope of the respective use and information on the services available to you, as well as the data described under Data entered by user.Trützschler may utilise usage data in anonymised form for purposes of advertisement, market research and improvement of services.Recipients of data, international data transfersTrützschler reserves the right to transfer your data to third parties used by Trützschler to provide the contractual services to you. Such third parties are, for instance, host providers and service providers as well as logistic partners. These third parties are obligated to protect the privacy and confidentiality of the data.Trützschler reserves the right to transfer your data to third parties outside the EU to provide the services.[Close]"
