"Clients Working on Their JobSkip to contentMain MenuHomeArticlesMenu ToggleBusinessMenu TogglePricingSubs/GeneralsAccountingSales ArticlesMenu ToggleMarketingEstimatingContractsEmployeesCoachingFAQ’sStay InformedShopMenu ToggleOur BooksMenu TogglePrinted and eBooksAudiobooksOnline ClassesSoftwareCoaching/ConsultingLive EventsClients Working on Their JobBy Michael Stone / Leave a Comment	“We want to do some of the work ourselves.” Many of us have had a potential client say that. Should you let a client work on the job they’ve hired you and your company to build?There are several reasons that clients tell you they want to do some of their own work. Almost all boil down to money. They are willing to trade their time to do the work to reduce the big bucks you’ll charge them. Or perhaps they’ve been watching TV and someone built their own room addition or remodeled their kitchen in a day. It looked so easy, obviously anyone can do it. Your client is thinking, “Why not me?”Some contractors will say, “It’s their job, I can’t stop them from working on it!” There probably is some truth in that. Others will say, “Not in this life, buddy. Been there, done that, have too many t-shirts.”What do you do when you get this request from a potential client?A client may have the skills to do a certain part of the job. Perhaps they are a licensed electrician and want to do all the standard and low voltage wiring for their new room addition. They understand blueprints, sticking to a job schedule, keeping the job clean and have all of their own tools. You start the job and when it is their turn they slide right in and do a good job, stay on schedule and keep the job clean. Everything is done the way you would like it done, and the end result is a happy client.This can happen. If your communication is good right up front and they understand what you expect, it can be a good experience for all concerned.There could be other issues that are not readily apparent. Maybe the guy told his wife that he can install windows as well as you can, and now his ego is on the line. With careful questioning you can find out just how much he does know. If he has more ego than sense, you might make him a real hero by passing along some simple suggestions on how he can do the work to your standard. So it’s possible that this could turn out okay.But it can go the other way. Letting your clients work on your projects could be asking for delays, damaged or lost tools, disappearing materials and a meaningless job schedule. A major risk is the potential lawsuit when the client runs the saw through their hand. It will be your fault because you failed to provide proper training and supervision. Or if the client drops a beam on their foot. It will be your fault because you didn’t train them on the proper way to lift and handle heavy materials.I can hear the attorney for the plaintiff now. “No one in their right mind would supply dangerous equipment for use by an untrained individual.”Let’s say your client decides they want you to build the basic structure for the new deck, but they want to install the joists, decking, steps and hand railings. They install the decking with the supports at 48″ on centers, or they cut the horses with several different rises. The inspector red tags the job. Whose fault do you think it will be? This very scenario happened last year to a contractor we know and their client refused to pay the final payments on the job. Why? It was the contractor’s negligence and lack of training of the homeowner that caused the problem.Let me pass along the best advice I can give based on my experience. It is the wise and prudent contractor who tells their potential client, “You can do all the work on your job you wish either before we get here or after we leave. My (pick one: insurance, schedule, attitude, accountant, attorney, wife, corporation) does not allow me to do jobs where clients will be working the job. We will be glad to build your job for you, but not as a joint venture.”“Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.” — William ShakespeareFollow This ThreadConnect withNotify ofnew follow-up comments new replies to my commentsI allow to use my email address and send notification about new comments and replies (you can unsubscribe at any time).{}[+]Name*Email*Website{}[+]Name*Email*Website0 CommentsInline FeedbacksView all commentsRecent ArticlesWrapping Up a Difficult ProjectJanuary 20, 2021Habits for SuccessJanuary 6, 2021Plan for SurvivalDecember 16, 2020Construction Websites that Generate LeadsDecember 2, 2020Why Do You Need a Written Construction Contract?November 11, 2020Charging a Fair PriceOctober 28, 2020Lowball Pricing in ConstructionOctober 14, 2020Specialty Contractors and Down PaymentsSeptember 30, 2020Remodeling Sales: Setting the BudgetSeptember 16, 2020The Skinny on Change Work OrdersSeptember 2, 2020Building a Successful Construction BusinessAugust 19, 2020Family Matters More Than BusinessAugust 5, 2020You Have Better Things to Do than EstimateJuly 22, 2020Clients and Your Job ScheduleJuly 8, 2020Who Pays for On-the-Job Training?June 24, 2020Comments We’ve ReceivedI wanted to take a moment and reach out to you and say thank you for taking the time to educate us. We are a restoration company and over the years, we have used several vendors for our education in the past, none of which have left us eager to learn more. We have taken several of your classes for our continuing education and found them very engaging and informative. We will continue using your site for our future educational needs.December 2020You are a wonderful and supportive team! I very much appreciate your hard work & efforts. Your knowledge & experience in construction is incredible. I am trying to make it in the Design & Build business and very much value how you support myself and others!December 2020I just wanted to send you a thank you for literally saving my business . . . I didn't know I was in trouble and more so, how much trouble I was in. Thank you for all you have done and all you do!December 2020We both greatly appreciate the information as well as wisdom shared in your 2 day intensive course. . . . Thank you for everything!December 2020What your team has done for our business has been beyond significant and we are eternally grateful.December 2020I really appreciate your program and have learnt a lot from you guys!December 2020I'm here doing my daily reading of your book - Markup and Profit: A contractors guide, I also listen to it on Audible. . . . I'll continue to spread the word about how great your book is.December 2020Thank you so much for Markup and Profit. I am learning so much from your book!November 2020Thanks for all your help to set us on the right track all those years ago.November 2020Thank you guys for everything you do, please keep it going!November 2020I truly appreciate the videos and articles you guys put out. I am new to learning about this side of the construction business.October 2020It’s clear in all of your writings and speaking engagements that you genuinely want to see the Good Guys Win. So a big thank you for all you do for us and for the wisdom you’re passing along, we’re all very grateful.October 2020I had no idea the wealth of information you put into Profitable Sales! I couldn’t read fast enough so I also bought the audio...I’m only up to chapter 8 but thanks to you and the information you packed in, my sales skills are being honed and polished on a daily basis...I am almost numb at how you’ve helped me grow our business...If I’d had your teaching 30 years ago, we’d be millionaires by now. Oh well, I’ll take it now, at 50 years of age.October 2020Your website has been a Godsend! It’s been my go to site since I stumbled across it.October 2020The event was so amazing – I’m not a contractor or remodeler but I fully paid attention. I love Michael’s feistiness. It was refreshing.September 2020Thank you so much to yourself and Michael for putting together this course which I have just watched! I am in absolute awe of your experience and knowledge! When Michael stated in the course he has been estimating since 1969, I said to myself, \"Wow, he is a legend\"!September 2020I have been a huge fan of yours for several years. I love reading your weekly newsletters and to this day, I am constantly revisiting and reading your archived articles.September, 2020Michael's classes and newsletters have been the most helpful information I have ever accessed from all the different building publications over the last several years. Thank you so much.September 2020I wanted to send a quick email to say thank you for all you do. The information you provide is so valuable! My husband and I have been big fans for several years. Just know we all appreciate your hard work.August, 2020Thank you so much for today’s webinar, I’ve just finished watching and I am so appreciative to you both for the time, effort and invaluable information you provide! The years of experience and knowledge is INCREDIBLE! 🙏🏼 This was my first webinar and shall not be the last!July, 2020I didn't have a chance to thank you and Michael for the 3 online classes. They were full of very helpful information and presented well. I would definitely join in on any future classes.July, 2020One of the first things I did when I went out on my own was read Markup and Profit and those lessons have been a large part of why I'm still in business. I have referred it to several other contractors and I know it has helped many, many people and business get established/become profitable.May, 2020I just started using FTE this week. I'm very pleased with how simple yet effective it is. I've used THOUSANDS of dollars worth of estimating software over the years and most recently Hometech. The latter was the best but very quirky/difficult to customize the database! Should've bought FTE right out of the gate but more importantly, I should've read your books 8-10 years ago!May, 2020You are a lifesaver in a tough industry!April, 2020Thank you very much and I am so blessed to have come across your site. This is the best and most practical information I've found and no longer feel like I'm working in the dark.April, 2020You two make a great team, I truly felt the passion in your teaching and sharing. It will not only help us to be successful in business but most importantly with family.April, 2020We appreciate your time, your years of experience and your desire to help people in our position.April, 2020I would like to thank you so very much for being a fantastic, positive influence on me and my business. There is not a week that goes by that I don't use a principle you taught us in your two day class or open your book for reference. The class and book have been a blessing to my career in the construction industry. Thank you, thank you thank you!March, 2020I have been a massive fan of your valuable work since I first got in touch and took delivery of your Mark Up and Profit book many years ago. It was a fantastic help to me at a difficult time and I have always been grateful.March, 2020Thank you for having such a wonderful event this morning! The information was awesome and you helped me add to my list of things I want to be doing for the business.March, 2020I've been with the company since the very beginning and we've been huge fans of your work! Lucky for us, my boss stumbled on your materials early in this endeavor . . . Your books and proposal writer software have been a wonderful resource for us.February, 2020I would like to tell you how thankful I am that you guys’ life journey brought you to educating contractors on the business of construction. . . . When I would have questions about how to price the work, what to do when etc., I would google it. When I would get in to quality information it would invariably be one of your websites. Once I noticed the trend of where the good info was coming from, I purchased markup and profit. That book has served as the manual for running this company. It has been a priceless resource for me so thank you very much.February, 2020I’ve been a huge fan of CPR for years and I want to thank you for everything your company has done for the construction community. CPR articles are frequently discussed during our Team meetings.February, 2020Thank you for your support and help. You were instrumental in helping my business succeed.February, 2020By the way these little online seminars are great!!!February, 2020Thank you for all you do……Your programs have changed my families financial tree!February, 2020Wanted to say again how much I appreciate the work that you guys do.February, 2020We have spent HOURS reading through your archived newsletters and articles tonight. You address many of the problems we've previously faced and it's comforting to know you've been through it and have lived to tell the tale.January, 2020Thank you and Michael for doing the webinar! Even though I've been a \"Stoner\" for over four years now, I took two pages of notes and it was such a helpful hour.January, 2020I was at your seminar in Woodland, CA last year and I found all the information I received invaluable in my business. It fully turned around my pricing and sales game. I can't thank you enough.January, 2020Over the past few years we've read your books and watched your online tutorials. You've changed our approach to the way we do business and we can't thank you enough. It's not easy in the construction industry and Markup & Profit has been like a bible for us.January, 2020I am a landscape contractor . . . I realize your target audience is building contractors but I wanted to let you know that I get so much out of your newsletters. I am so grateful. This has been a huge line of support, clarity and inspiration for my work.December, 2019I came across your website, bought your books, read your weekly newsletters and now we are REALLY doing well. This year may be our best ever, as far as net profits anyway.December, 2019I truly look forward to each and every one of your newsletters. I have read Profitable Sales and Markup & Profit several times and browse them often. In the offseason I spend a lot of time re-reading your writings. I truly cannot express how much I appreciate the knowledge you have shared.December, 2019I and my team have been so encouraged and guided by your insight for many years now. I end this year very grateful for all your faithful influence over our entire operation. Michael, I can vividly remember, and often reflect on my first desperate conversation with you. It was truly a turning point for me. I can honestly say that no other single outside influence has made such a positive impact on how we run, what is now, a thriving, healthy and profitable construction business.December, 2019I want to thank you for helping me restructure my business to operate as a successful business, more efficient in addition to being more profitable. Although it takes a little time, in the end, my success will be partly attributed to CPR . . . I see light at the end of the tunnel, I have used this once so far on a job won, $160,000. total estimate, during 12 weeks, my employees and myself took home paychecks, paid subs, bought materials, without ever having to 'Finance' the job . . .October, 2019Just wanted to also say that Your teachings really have changed my business for the best. We are finally able to grow because we are making enough money to do so. I'm very glad I stopped listening to the idiots preaching the “industry standard” as far as markup and profit. Thanks again for all that you and your wife do.September, 2019I have been a subscriber to your newsletters for years. Want to first take a moment to thank you for all your insights in the industry. Your newsletters are topics at many of our meetings and I have several of your books which have been of great benefit. Again thank for being such a valuable resource for our industry.September, 2019I recently purchased your book “Markup and Profit” and love reading your newsletters every chance I get . . . I want to thank you for helping small contracting companies like ours succeed by giving us the necessary tools and resources. After reading your book I knew that sustainable growth was in our future and that we needed a shared vision to maintain direction and inspire our current and new Teammates. Thank you for helping us grow.September, 2019We have purchased many of your products and love learning and growing our business in a smarter way thanks to all of your hard work and efforts to teach us.September, 2019Our team is really enjoying your book, taking it a chapter a week and we have a one-hour conference call every Monday to discuss the previous week's chapter. It's great and confirming that a lot of the things we already do as a company, but there's a lot of things that we don't do. It's allowed us to fine tune and we're looking forward to continued growth.September, 2019We've been happily using the contract writer software for many many years nowAugust, 2019Your books and online training courses have been absolutely instrumental in getting our business on the right track. Thanks! I just wish I came across them sooner, as it would have saved me a year (or more) of bad practices and costly mistakes.August, 2019I have attended the course twice now in my over 15 years in this business. The last one I attended I got more great information. . . . I also came away with one more thing: You guys are sincere, straightforward, no BS, and you're really good at what you do!July, 2019Hi Michael, we attended your seminar a few years ago. Not a month goes by when we don't haul out your big book and look up the answer to a question.July, 2019Thank you for everything you do. Thank you for the work both you and Devon do to make this industry better and more professional.June, 2019Our company has greatly benefited from your products and wisdom over the years. The weekly newsletters continue to be great reminders for operations and we discuss them often.June, 2019You are both such a tremendous blessing, to myself and so many others . . . You have brought so much of this industry up a couple of notches, into a more professional sphere.May, 2019Putting your principles into practice has made all the difference. The future of our business is looking much brighter than it has in a very long time. We deeply appreciate the influence you have had in that.May, 2019Thanks for being an ally of \"the good guys\" in the remodeling industry. I still read your weekly newsletter and grow from it.May, 2019Thanks! You are the best that has ever lived in this industry!May, 2019Thank you, Michael, for your continued great advice, teaching, and availability to me and many other construction business owners.April, 2019Just wanted to say THANK YOU to you and Michael for all that you do to support us owners. It’s always a breath of fresh air to be in the company of other owners, and then receive sound information and advice from those who have lead the path.April, 2019Thank you for continuing the weekly newsletters. I look forward to Wednesday mornings when I know there will be a new treat of prose from you.March, 2019What we have learnt from you guys has helped us tremendously in our building business and we are eternally grateful.March, 2019I own markup and profit: a contractors guide! It’s my business bible, and one of the only reasons I’m still in business after 4 1/2 years on my own with no college education!!March, 2019What a blessing your class has been to us. We are getting on top of our numbers and making more money.February, 2019I have been following you for some time now and I want to congratulate you both on, in my opinion, the most straight forward valuable insights for contractors I have come across.February, 2019Whenever I get your newsletter, I'm reminded of how many people and families you and Devon have helped.February, 2019I love all your articles and books and all that you do. Thanks so much.February, 2019Thank you for all your services, it has changed my business forever.February, 2019Thank you so much for helping us succeed in this business.February, 2019I sat through Michaels classes at JLC Live in Portland more than once along with attending the two day class a few years back. I learned the stuff I never would have figured out on my own and we have put our company into profitable territory with a good projection of growth! I appreciate what you folks do and recommend the Markup and Profit book to all of the young tradesmen I know.January, 2019Thank you for everything you do. I have been in business for myself 12 years now. Haven't felt like I was in business by myself since I started receiving your newsletter.December, 2018Thanks for the great class, I really enjoyed it and gained so much knowledge from the class . . . can't thank you guys enough one of the best programs I have been to in a really long time. Keep up the great work.November, 2018I'd like to say thank you for creating and being a great resource for people in the industry. Your information is so helpful for guys like me trying to learn the ropes.October, 2018Thank you to you and Michael for your incredible resources. I have become a dedicated reader of your books and blogs and have recently purchased the Profitable Estimating online class which is excellent as well.I worked for my father's home building company for a few years and just recently my wife and I branched off to start our own remodeling and home design company. I feel confident (still a little scared ;) in running the business thanks to all of your great resources.October, 2018Just wanted to say thanks for all you and Michael do. You are both truly a blessing and I tell as many contractors as I can about you guys!October, 2018Thank you for the great newsletter this week. To quickly recap my story...I attended my first class with you in 2015...had over $1 million in sales at that time and ended up over $100K in debt!! After learning from you and putting into practice much of your teaching and principles - we now have a profitable remodeling company that we are proud of.October, 2018We started our own business this year, and the first thing we did was purchase your book. Great pointers, thanks so much!!!October, 2018I have been working in residential alterations and renovations 15yrs. I am starting a contracting framing and siding business of my own and love what Micheal has to offer for business management training. I took your one hour Markup and Profits class and it was beneficial. I plan to take the rest . . . I have been looking all over in my area for the type of training you provide and can't find it anywhere.September, 2018Thanks for all you and Michael do!September, 2018I want you to know that I just read your book and it has changed my entire business structure . . . I want to thank you for the information you shared through your book, it has transformed my thinking about profit and mark up.August, 2018I want to start by saying, THANK YOU, for writing Markup & Profit Revisited. I have an MBA and we literally spent years learning to dissect financial statements, but they didn't teach us how to use those numbers to run a profitable business . . . The basics presented in your book are applicable to any business. I especially appreciate the time dedicated to \"wrong math\" and why it's wrong. That's very helpful.August, 2018I've thoroughly enjoyed your site and education.August, 2018Hello, I have purchased almost all of you online classes including your proposal estimator and I am having great success with everything.August, 2018Michael advised me when I was having a difficult client. He has a great knack for understanding where people stand and I think he has helped many honest contractors go from losing money to having a decent life. I think the biggest change I was able to make was to not be focused on price. To be focused on professional service and professional work. People will pay for that.May, 2018I really just wanted to say thank you. I would say that 90% of my business has been structured and based off of the advise in your books and I am now fully employed by my company and I no longer work for any outside employers. I know I am on the right track thanks to all of your help and the products you push on your website. I also just bought the proposal writer and it works great!April, 2018I just wanted to say thanks for all you do. I've read both your books and taken a seminar and one online class. I also look forward to your newsletters – there's always something for me to learn. I'm not a native to the construction industry. I didn't grow up in the trades, so starting a handyman & light remodeling business has been a long journey for me. I'm still putting one foot in front of the other, but the things I've learned from you have helped me avoid many pitfalls. Thank you so much!April, 2018I read every one of your newsletters that come across my email. I believe yours is the only one I can say that for!March, 2018Thank you so much for this relevant information!! We are just going through some issues with payment and troublesome clients so I am so grateful for this information. As a first-time business owner, I have been struggling with accounting and contracting issues and I find the newsletter articles very helpful. Thank you again for the wonderful information.March, 2018I am really getting energized about making my business profitable. Thank you for the inspiration and motivation (i.e., boot gently applied to behind).March, 2018This is the only newsletter that I actually read when it hits my inbox - I have unsubscribed from all the others. Each article that Michael Stone writes is a pleasure to read. Even though they are about a different industry than I am in - the principle of each article always applies to all business including mine. So I just wanted to say thank you for the articles and the good business principles.March, 2018Fast Track Estimating Program rocks! easy to use and common sense format.February, 2018We are devotees of Michael's approach and are so grateful for all the help the books have provided over the years.February, 2018I've been able to find the answers to many questions since coming across your site. It's extremely informative and does a great job pointing out where mistakes can be made when running a company and the proper steps to take to ensure a healthy and profitable business.February, 2018Love the blog and what you're doing! I own both of your books, have purchased an online course of yours, and read dozens of your posts. I really appreciate your approach in education. I've honestly learned a TON.February, 2018I read your emails every Wednesday, and they always educate me on how to run my small business.January, 2018Just read your brief article about estimating. Thank you. . . . I awoke this morning with a renewed sense of priority. Making money and growing the company . . . Thank you again for being a voice to be listened to in our business.January, 2018I'm applying what I'm learning from book and its paying off already .THANK YOU.January, 2018Thanks for the information in your \"revisited\" book! After reading only a few chapters I have realized how much money I have been missing over the years! I can see how this book will revolutionize my business, it is truly an answer to my prayers!December, 2017Many thanks for all you and Michael do. I have read your book and follow your website and email updates and find them to be extremely helpful. You're doing great things!December, 2017Michael and Devon, You are changing our entire business approach...in a very very good way! Thank you!December, 2017I attended the Markup and Profit class in Omaha this week. I'm sure you hear this all the time, but it was transforming. We have a LOT of work to do, but we are excited we finally have a direction and plan to follow.November, 2017I recently finished the online Mark-up and Profit class and learned so much; we know we are not charging enough!November, 2017As the saying goes \"if I knew then what I know now\" I would have read both books and attended this most valuable training class 11 years ago before I started my business. This training should be taught in college for anyone considering a career in construction. Thank you both for sharing your experiences, knowledge and truly helping the little guy.October, 2017We want you to know how blessed we have already been by your 2 day class. Although it felt like we got punched right in the gut, it was exactly what we needed to head into the right direction.October, 2017Just a quick note to sincerely THANK YOU once again for sharing with me and all your wisdom. An eye opening and game changer for sure. As you know, this is a tough business in which emotions, fears (when pricing) and a bunch of this come into play. Your 2 day course covers all necessary angles to do an x ray on current business practices and company as a whole.October, 2017Your books and advice columns have helped us transform our business. We are now more specialized and have systems in place that weren't previously there. We charge a fair amount for our work and have been able to put ourselves on payroll for the first time, ever . . . It's glorious, with so much less stress to run the business when we follow your tenets for success!October, 2017If I hadn't came across your website 6 years ago I would have scrapped the idea of running my own construction business entirely. I knew that you were onto exactly what I needed to hear when I first started reading your website. Thank you for being the light at the end of the tunnel for me.October, 2017I am thoroughly enjoying and learning a great deal from your online estimating seminar and I'm only half way through it.July, 2017We have found your website and your resources to be a wealth of information to us. We have been using your books and resources for many years and all our estimators are required to read your Profitable Sales Books.July, 2017Thank you for the ongoing newsletters that you send through. I ensure I always read them as they are very informative.July, 2017I was fortunate enough to discover Michael's work early in forming my company and refer to his books often.July, 2017A thank you for your resources. We've been studying up and implementing \"Mark up & Profit\" and \"Profitable Sales\" and its making a huge difference.July, 2017Your Markup and Profit book combined with the online estimating course has saved me considerable pain and suffering. Having an idea of how to steer the ship and avoid the rocks is invaluable. Looking back, there's no question I would have gotten it wrong enough that the probability of success would be low.June, 2017I am SO thankful for Michael's materials. I have the print book, e-book, I am half way through the estimating class and purchased the accounting class also. . . . Thank you all for your priceless materials.May, 2017I am a big fan of what you are doing, and your books have taught me a lot about running a construction company . . . thanks for providing such fantastic learning materials!May, 2017Michael was a phenomenal speaker. He helped me, my brother and our company tremendously.May, 2017Markup and profit has become my bible, just a fantastic book that is super easy to read and follow along...the fact that it is written in plain English by a contractor is huge!May, 2017I am currently taking your estimating course. I really appreciate the course. I am very young in the industry in terms of gaining business experience & greatly desire a firm foundation. Your course is a great alternative to university opportunities and costs!April, 2017I'm really impressed with your instructional videos of which I listened to two just this weekend.April, 2017I had purchased your books a couple of years ago and have also been a subscriber to the newsletter. These were both invaluable to me as educational resources. The newsletter always is a welcome surprise in my inbox each week, and the books have proven to be very helpful in making the improvements to my business.April, 2017The class information was far beyond any expectations.April, 2017Thank you again for all of your insights and knowledge...you've been an incredible source of growth for me and my business!April, 2017I've been a client and a fan for awhile now, and enjoy the good advice and sounding board Michael provides. Thank you.April, 2017I've been on your email list for many, many years. Thanks for all your help!April, 2017I read and gather information all the time. Have been doing so for years. The best move I made was coming across your business. I have purchased from you and I visit your website at minimum once a week to read your weekly blog.March, 2017Believe it when I say that the information you present is the best I have come across. There are many ways to present the information needed for contracting and many opinions on “how to run” your business. For my money, your product is the best valueMarch, 2017I purchased your books a couple years ago and they have really helped me in my business.March, 2017I work for a general contractor and we absolutely love you guys! Thanks for all that you doFebruary, 2017Hi Michael...I've purchased your Mark up and Profit book and all I can say is I wish someone had sat me down 25 years ago and gone over this materialJanuary, 2017I am a general contractor with a small construction company in its 4th year of operation. I have found your book Markup & Profit, A Contractor's Guide, to be a valuable resource of practical and useful information. Thank you!January, 2017The business of our business is completely different than 14 months ago, and I wanted to thank you again for helping me into the Stone Age. We finished last year with 13% profit, and I did get the new (used, 1 year old) truck. We planned to wait and pay cash, but a deer on the road helped move up our plansJanuary, 2017I would like to take this opportunity again to thank Michael for his excellent book. The construction industry, particularly here in Great Britain and probably worldwide needs more people like himJanuary, 2017Great course! My husband and I have been in the construction business for over 25 years — and I wish we could have known much of this information up front. It would have prevented a lot of those \"life's lessons\" we've learned the hard way.December, 2016Although I've been in construction for 30+ years, I've only owned my own company for 2 years....and there is so much I didn't know that I didn't know. I've read your book \"Markup and Profit\" a couple times and it has been helpful.December, 2016It's really hard to believe the years have just flown by us since 2001. There is rarely a month that goes by that we don't talk about Michael Stone and something we've learned from you! We really appreciate all you have done for us and the industry over the yearsDecember, 2016Thank you for all your help over the years. This year has been our best ever. We will end up very close to the 8% net profit as suggested. I'm optimistic that next year will be even better!December, 2016Based on the content this book is absolutely amazing. I might be talented as a technician but being talented as a businessman is an entirely new ball gameDecember, 2016We've been steadily purchasing your educational materials and studying them. What an education! Priceless informationDecember, 2016I just want to compliment you on your great articles. I came across them while looking for tips on how to markup small construction jobs and organise progress paymentsDecember, 2016I've certainly appreciated all that you do, I've taken a course with you and read some of your books. With some of your tips I've been able to make some great changes to the business and the bottom line.November, 2016I've certainly appreciated all that you do, I've taken a course with you and read some of your books. With some of your tips I've been able to make some great changes to the business and the bottom line.November, 2016I've certainly appreciated all that you do, I've taken a course with you and read some of your books. With some of your tips I've been able to make some great changes to the business and the bottom line.November, 2016Thank you for the great newsletters. I read every one of them. I have taken a few of your online classes and have benefited greatly from them. Thank you for your great service. Merry Christmas!November, 2016I stumbled upon your website some months ago, and I have been addicted ever sinceOctober, 2016I have recently read Markup & Profit and subscribed to you newsletter which I look forward to reading, always containing very useful information which has helped my bottom line and made me realize what operating a business is worth. Its more than just being self employed.September, 2016Thank you so much for an amazing and eye opening seminar . . . You both are awesome.September, 2016Once again I want to thank you for your articles – we read them every week and ALWAYS learn something.August, 2016I subscribe to your weekly newsletter and love your work.August, 2016It feels like having a support group knowing you guys are out there.August, 2016I would not still be in business if it were not for the books, and what I learned about business finances from you.August, 2016I have purchased both of your books and I have been following your strategies. I have had success in paying down my company debt and it looks like I might be done paying it off this year. After it is paid off I will enjoy a decent salary and profit for the company.July, 2016I just received a hand written note from you with your business card. Just wanted to say thank you for being so thoughtful. I am thoroughly enjoying all your information available online. It's amazing how knowledgeable you are and how willing you are to put so much useful information out there for free!! Thank you tremendously. Now if I can just get my contractor husband to read your book.June, 2016I just read the most recent newsletter, and again, like always, found the information very helpful, informative, and just plain common sense.May, 2016We have read your book Mark up and Profit and we are amazed how much information it contains.May, 2016I appreciate all the knowledge you have shared with us over the years and I still enjoy re-reading your books often.May, 2016Thanks for all you 2 do. I will admit that I've been ready to give up for about a year. I told someone that now I'm not just willing to continue, but I'm excited to implement things we learned - not only in the business but also in the home. I feel as though we are back on the same page.April, 2016Thank you for having so much valuable information available for a new contracting business like ours.April, 2016I just returned home from taking Michael's 2 day live course in Baltimore, Md. It was everything I was hoping it would be and more!April, 2016The class was excellent. A real eye opener!! I really did appreciate the fact that he has made it his mission to help people at an extremely reasonable rate. Few people do that in this world.April, 2016The class was really helpful. I read the book a couple years ago, and have been fighting tooth and nail to get my husband and business partner to embrace the practices that Michael recommends. Somehow, though, it made more sense to hubby when Michael said it…. funny how that works!March, 2016I cannot thank you enough for your time. We've made so many changes (contract revisions, employee manual, draw schedule structure, calculated markup, updated website and now I'm navigating some marketing ideas.March, 2016I have purchased some of your online courses and books which have been very helpful and packed with great information.March, 2016I have gone through your Markup and Profit book and it was very helpful in teaching me how to run my company more profitable.March, 2016I bought your Markup & Profit Contractor's Guide and it changed the entire way we do business. We have always been profitable but now we purpose to be in control of our numbers and outcome. I finally understand how it works and I am very grateful to you for breaking it down in a very understandable format.March, 2016Thank you for sharing your insight experience and knowledge it has saved my business, life and family and allowed me to continue in the profession i love.February, 2016I read every newsletter you put out since I first discovered CPR. I enjoy them greatly.February, 2016We met at the 2 day seminar that you had in Charlotte, NC over the summer. Everyday I realize just how valuable your class is to my business. Probably the best investment I have ever made. Thank you for that.February, 2016Your newsletter gets more of my limited attention than almost any other.February, 2016Things are great here and you and Michael will be happy to hear we finished the year with a 10% net profit (after all expenses and salaries paid- our best yet!). We have followed his mark-up rules as closely as ever and are proof that it really works!January, 2016I have taken Michaels advice and after the class, thanks to the Profitable Sales book, have pre sold 2 projects for this spring with a $1500.00- $2500.00 non-refundable deposit for feasibility and budget analysis. And I am only on page 87.January, 2016I downloaded your book last fall and am another long-time builder who wishes he'd had that information 20 years ago . . . I'm not the type to predict success in my coming year but I'm confident we're on the right track, thanks to your business guidance.January, 2016We absolutely loved Michael's training and knowledge. We feel like we now have a source to get the education we have needed to be successful.December, 2015I just wanted to send you a quick note. Your book is helping me dig myself out of the hole I dug and through myself into. I haven't implemented all of your ideas but that is my goal for 2016. Thanks again and Merry Christmas.December, 2015I greatly appreciate all you and Michael do for us.December, 2015I have listened to a couple courses that you have given and was very impressed with the amount of USABLE information I received.November, 2015I purchased your contract writing software earlier this year. I've familiarized myself with it and have put it to great use . . . Before I started using your software, our contracts were poor/scant if existent at all. After using your software and realizing how quick, easy and thorough my contracts were, I told my brother he needed to install it on his computer so he could do the same.November, 2015One year ago, I stumbled across your website searching for answers to questions on how to get off to the right start - On my own. Since that time, I have read from your blog roll everyday and purchased your book . . . The year started off strong, slowed down in the summer and is now finishing with a big bang. Mostly through the use of intelligent branding and implementing your solid business methodologies.Year one will see all expenses paid, leave $18K in my personal account and $47K net in the business account. Although I have only paid the face value of your book, the rewards gained are priceless.November, 2015I have bought from you before. Liked your markup and profit book. I have been slowly working on incorporating the things I am learning. I also listened in on the recent webinar you had. There is just so much to learn. Thanks for everything. Things have been getting more profitable!!October, 2015Have been following CPR for quite a while. Am a newsletter subscriber. THANK YOU for all that you have done and continue to do for our industry! I wish there were more like you both!!!October, 2015I am a big fan of your web site and informative emails.October, 2015We really appreciate the professionalism and standards you have established and taught over the many years in our industry.September, 2015Thank you for your articles, they have helped us learn so much about running our own construction business and we are grateful. We have purchased your book Markup and Profit as well, and it's extremely helpful as well.September, 2015The newsletters are fantastic and we read them every time.September, 2015(My friend) beat me up for years to read your mark up and profit. I finally started and its already changing how I think. THANK YOU!August, 2015I have learned a lot over the past nine months about the construction business but I still have much to learn about running it well and efficiently. Your site has been a wealth of knowledge and encouragement for me and I share it with my husband and our new team. Thank you for sharing and helping others with the skills and wisdom given to you.July, 2015Thanks so much for everything you and your wife have done for us! I look forward to talking with you again.July, 2015I love your site. Thanks so much for the encouragement. I am getting more serious about my business and providing quality work that I want to do rather than bend to the customers budget. For years I have taken on whatever work that came my way and priced according to what the client wanted to pay. Then, while doing the job I would be working away taking way too long because of my picky nature.I would end up doing a beautiful job that they didn't pay for and hurting my self financially but most importantly mentally and emotionally. I am passionate about doing quality work. You have helped me adopt the right attitude towards charging properly.June, 2015Since finding your company on the internet I've become an avid student of your efforts and give you all the credit for being able to \"hold my own\" when dealing with more experienced contractors and potential customers. Thank you, more than you know.June, 2015Michael, I can not thank you enough for what I consider your continued support. From where I sit you and your firm provide an invaluable service. As I read your articles real life situations I have experienced flash through my minds eye. With tremendous appreciation,June, 2015I am a log builder in Northern Russia. I am very glad I came across your books, lectures and website, because this is exactly what I need help with: running my company and dealing with clients. Thank you for your good work.May, 2015I just want to say how much I appreciated everything you guys and gals are doing to help promote ethical and profitable contractors. I've been in the trades for 20 yrs. but still new to contracting and running a business. The information you have provided me has been a tremendous aid in building my company. The information is from hands-on people who are familiar with real world scenarios.April, 2015I've purchased Markup and Profit and Profitable Sales book. Phenomenal books!! Michael thank you for all the valuable information. I've learned a lot.March, 2015Love the material content. I am drawn back to it often and read information, watch video material and read the blogs. I find everything very informative. The material I have reviewed has changed my business with immediate impact....Love it....March, 2015I am grateful to be subscribed to your emails. It has been a great help for me and my employees. It makes so much sense and it's good to be assured of the way I go about business.March, 2015My wife ordered your books a few years ago. They are the foundation of my Construction business. Thank You, I am also on your LinkedIn group.March, 2015My wife ordered your books a few years ago. They are the foundation of my Construction business. Thank You.March, 2015Thank you for what the two of you do. We so appreciate how you changed our business and our livelihoods.February, 2015Thanks Michael and Devon for the newsletter. I am encouraged and helped by your work and words. May you be Blessed with a prosperous new year.February, 2015I very much enjoyed your Profit and Markup Book, and appreciate your efforts in helping those in the construction field with the often overlooked business side of the job. Your book, website, and videos have helped very much. Thanks for your efforts.February, 2015We love you guys- we've bought many products from you-helps our business immensely!January, 2015I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for all that you do. I took a seminar from you in March of 2000 and was so impressed that I have often advised builders to look into your work. I bought a set of tapes which I lent to several builders over the years. Bottom line: You are an excellent resource for builders in my opinion.January, 2015I purchased Markup and Profit a Contractors Guide. I'm about half way through it. Its a phenomenal book!! I'm already seeing I huge change in the way I do business. I can't wait to read Profitable Sales.December, 2014I don't remember where I originally heard about you, but a couple of years ago I purchased Markup and Profit and signed up for the newsletter. Fortunately the rest is not history, but a successful business.December, 2014I am a subscriber, and am gaining more knowledge of how to run my business versus just being a mechanic. Thank you!December, 2014Your information and newsletter has changed my business for the better, Thanks for all that you do!November, 2014What a great resource your company is. I look forward to your newsletters as it always provides new insight on topics that are an issue and sometimes never talked about on the day to day business of things.October, 2014Thanks so much for the wonderful resources. You have helped us so much as we build our Home Improvement Business. Blessings!October, 2014I received my book today and have quickly read it from cover to cover. I will now be reviewing all the incredibly helpful advice, section by section. I cannot thank Michael enough for this wonderful work! I think I have made every single mistake highlighted in the book. The results are predictable - debt and a non paying job. I am convinced that our small business will turn around now!On behalf of my husband, son, and I, thank you so very much! We are very skilled craftsmen but business...not so much. To be given the tools based on our numbers really does help our confidence, (and artisan type guilt), in charging a fair price for our work.October, 2014We joined our local HBA and had some business questions and a colleague said that I most certainly needed to start reading your markup and profit book and that started our quest for more information to make our business better. I read the book cover to cover and learned a lot of very useful information that will begin and continue to help our business grow. Thank you.September, 2014Recently there was a tiny mix up with a book I ordered. I really appreciated how it was handled. We all make mistakes, this was a small one. I was impressed that there is an employee out there as cheerful and accommodating in resolving a problem. She owned the mistake and made your company look really good all at once. Thanks!August, 2014Thank you Mr. Stone. I have bought these books several times over and can't keep them in stock. I am buying two of each this time so I can hopefully keep a copy for myself. I love the Fast Track Proposal software. I am still implementing my procedures and have many steps still to take up the mountain, but it's going the right way.August, 2014Thanks again Michael and Devon! Your products have really helped to grow my business and implement processes that allow me to spend much needed time with my family!August, 2014I just want you to know that since purchasing 'Markup and Profit' I have been able to save over $10,000.00 in the last 6-7 months. The future looks great thanks to you. Thank you.July, 2014I gave away my first copy of your book to my brother-in-law who's been contracting for 20 years. As he leafed through the pages of your book, he kept saying things like, \"That's exactly right, but the way he expressed it makes so much sense...\" Thank you for such helpful products. I'm working through your video estimating course (just completed courses 3-4 today between jobs!)July, 2014All of your resources have been extremely helpful to a general contractor just starting out. Thank you very much!June, 2014I am one of your big fans. You both are awesome. Thank you for sharing your wisdom.June, 2014I'm on your MarkupandProfit newsletter list, a member of Construction Business Owners Group on LinkedIn, and I've purchased other products from you in the past, ie: Fast Track Estimating Software, and the Profitable Sales book. I've been happy with with all of it, Thank you.May, 2014I somehow came across your original book and have kept it until the pages have worn and in some cases fallen out! One of my most valuable business tools, I decided it was time to get the revised book. Thanks for your work and tireless efforts to help contractors.April, 2014Thank you for providing a professional model to follow. Your advice and the content of your programs has been extremely valuable to our business.March, 2014I have read the book markup and profit and wow it really opened my eyes to what I have been missing out on, now hopefully my business will profit with the right markup, thanks in advance.March 2014So glad I found your site. It has been extremely helpful. I'm a remodeling contractor in . . . All we do is remodel. I've always wanted to know how it's really done. I'm tired of winging estimates etc.March 2014I LOVE your website, weekly articles and it all is so true! Thank you for being the one great place to find info and realize that I'm not the only ones with these problems. :)February, 2014I so enjoy your articles and the sage advice provided. Thank you for providing such great insight and perspective!February, 2014Heard about this book on the Contractor Talk forum. Everyone that mentioned it said they wished they had read it when they first started there business. Can't wait to read it!February, 2014I read your books. I already own the original Markup & Profit book. I also have the Profitable Sales book. You are amazing and so generous with your knowledge. Thank you.January, 2014I have purchased a few of your other products one of which is \"Markup and Profit (revisited)\". There is no doubt I am more confident in pricing and estimating jobs. Now it's past time to learn more about selling. The statement \"nobody makes any money till someone sells something\" is so true and overlooked. I'm greatly looking forward to getting into the Profitable Sale's book.January, 2014I was doing classes on OCE and saw this class. I took the class 2 yrs ago and enjoyed it so much I thought I would REVISIT. thanks, you guys r greatJanuary, 2014You can't imagine what you've done for me - Thank you!December, 2013Michael Stone is AWESOME. His examples have been a part of my business from the beginning. What an awesome teacher.December, 2013I regularly read the blog and follow discussions on linkedin. Markup and Profit a Contractors Guide has helped me earn more than a living after doing little more than that for 15 years. I don't like to think about how I short changed myself and my family for so long. Thank you!October, 2013I so look forward to your news letter every Wednesday it has so much depth in terms of useful content for your average good clean contractors. It really has made a big difference in the way I see things, I can now price my jobs fairly and have a clear conscience at the end of the day.October, 2013We took the continuing education classes required by the State of Oregon Contractors Construction Board from you. They were by far the best and most informative of any continuing education class we have taken. We continue to receive the newsletter which has been beneficial as well.Thank you.September, 2013been going to your seminars at JLC for years... you are a legendAugust, 2013Borrowed the book \"Markup and Profit\" from a friend years ago and have been hooked on Mr. Stones good ideas ever since.August, 2013Thank you for your help and to tell you your customerservice is ***** stars. Have nice day.August, 2013I had purchased Markup and Profit. There was a ton of useful information and this was a big help because I was in the process of starting my own remodeling company. As a side, when I had a computer problem, Devon was so very kind and prompt in helping me get some information I needed. Thank you both!July, 2013I am a huge fan! Have been for a while! Business is picking up a lot and wanted to be prepared! THANK YOU for ALL that you both do for the \"good guys\"!!!May, 2013The articles on your blog are exceptional!May, 2013Though I don't always have time to read your newsletters, I always enjoy doing so. What I find interesting is you can take any reference to construction out of the articles and 99% of the material still applies. Even having managed multiple types of businesses over 30 years, including contracting, I always find useful tips within the letters, or at the very least, reminders to put me back on track.Jan, 2013I have read Mr. Stones articles in trade magazines for years, have his book on Markup & Profit for several years, and just joined the online discussion group today. I am preparing to hire a sales person, and this should be of some help. Thank you for all the info over the years. It has been of great value.Jan, 2013I purchased the Markup & Profit book serveral years ago. Plus I just purchased the estimating software about a month ago. I really appreciate what you've done here. Sharing your knowledge and teaching others what you've learned over the years.December, 2012Been a General Contractor for 20 years now and I ordered your Markup and Profit book. After reading the first 4 chapters, I found out you really can teach an old dog new tricks. I only cringe now thinking how much money I have left on the table in the past 20 years. I'm ordering the software to to replace a stick build one. Going to switch to unit costing as much as possible...Thanks...DonDecember, 2012Read your mark up and profit book last year and it is like talking to a good straight talking friend. Opting for this and reading your web site again as a bit of support at a dificult time. Thanks for understanding how it is.December, 2012My father, still active in our masonry & concrete business, started using the markup & profit formula about 10 years ago and started making some real profit.September, 2012I originally heard about the Markup and Profit book on a contractors web blog and forum site. It came highly recommended. I purchased the book, DVD and Estimating DVD earlier this year and have been satisfied. ThanksSeptember, 2012Hey there - ordering the Estimating Training to complement the Fast Track Estimating software I purchased last week. I worked through it a little and am impressed at the ease of use - so much so that I decided that the best way to get up to speed quickly and take full advantage of the system would be to leverage your expertise through the training. Thank you for honoring the discount even though I am ordering the packages a few days apart. I'm excited to get my first estimate completed through using your system and expertise.July, 2012Thank you for the help and insight you have provided through your books, blog, and monthly E-mails. I know that I am further along on a successful path than I would have been without your resources.April, 2012I Bought the original Markup and Profit when it first came out and have been applying the knowledge consistently since then. Many thanks to you folks for all the good information that you provide and for always \"helping the good guys win\"April, 2012I attended Michael Stone seminar 12 years ego and I got the first book. Thanks to this book and the seminar, I am still in the business.March, 2012I'm a returning customer and if Devon doesn't sign the Sales book, I'm returning it! I have the first MU & Profit book autographed by Devon, and it is a collector's item! Thanks so much for your devotion to us guys in the trenches.March, 2012I have attended 4 of your seminars at JLC Live and am working on reading your books. Thank you for all of the invaluable information you have provided over the years.January, 2012I have read \"Markup and Profit: A Contractor's Guide\" three times cover to cover, and it has revolutionized my business!\" Thanks!December, 2011Now Available on Audio!Audio Previews and Purchase InfoUpcoming EventsOur 2021 AdventureJoin us in April for a week at an all-inclusive resort in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. Spend time with others in the industry and have fun at the same time.Details here, including Covid considerations. Plan to join us!To Do InJanuary, 2021Select a TopicAccounting Business Business Saving Tips Change Work Orders Clients Company Reputation Contracts Cost Plus Design Agreements Education Employees Encouragement Estimating Family Franchises Getting Paid Insurance Jobs Itemization Lead Generation Marketing markup or margin Office Management Personal Pricing Jobs Production Professional Relationships Profit - Not a Dirty Word Real Life Issues Sales Steps to Positive Cash Flow Subcontractor/General Contractor Success Stories Tips TransparencyAbout UsWhat We BelieveMission StatementTestimonialsPrivacy PolicyEmailCall: 360-335-1100 or 888-944-0044Find us on FacebookJoin our Facebook forumTwitter: @MarkupAndProfitVisit our YouTube ChannelSearchSearch for:We Like to See the Good Guys Win!Copyright © 1999-2021 Construction Programs & Results, Inc. All Rights Reserved	00Would love your thoughts, please comment.x()x| ReplyInsertScroll to Top"
