"Camera Systems Engineer (Imaging Scientist) - Camera Hardware | Cupertino, CA | AppleYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.AppleCamera Systems Engineer (Imaging Scientist) - Camera HardwareCupertino, CAAppleCamera Systems Engineer (Imaging Scientist) - Camera HardwareCupertino, CADate posted:Jul 11, 2020SummaryPosted: Jul 10, 2020Weekly Hours: 40Role Number: 200180554Why Apple? We live in a mobile and device driven world where knowledge of the physical world around us is needed. We rely on this knowledge to get around, to learn about our environment and to enable spectacular new features for custom applications. Apple is meeting those needs as robustly and as creatively as possible and is interested in people who want to help meet that commitment. The success we are striving will be the result of very skilled people working in an environment which cultivates creativity, partnership, and thinking of old problems in new ways. If that sounds like the kind of environment that you find intriguing, then let's talk. These elements come together to make Apple an amazing environment for motivated people to do the greatest work of their lives. You will become part of a team that sets the standard in developing excellence, creativity and innovation. Will you help us design the next generation of revolutionary Apple products? The Camera Systems and Architecture Team develops novel calibration and correction methodologies to create new photographic experiences while maintaining high image quality over a wide range of component variation. Past projects have addressed color balance, color shading, optical and numerical image stabilization, position sensing, optical distortion calibration, and stereo imaging. The team is seeking an exceptional optical systems engineer / image scientist with broad skills to develop the next generation of computational imaging technologies.Key QualificationsExpertise in Matlab and familiarity with Python, C, C++ and Objective-C.Expertise with projective geometry and geometric imaging optics.Expertise with the design and analysis of optical imaging systems.Experience with optical concepts, optical design, optical aberrations.Experience with freeform optics.Experience with numerical methods and applied mathematics.Experience with image processing and computer vision algorithms.Experience with computational imaging methodologies.Experience with multi-camera epipolar geometry.Experience with CMOS image sensors and imaging technology.Experience with camera manufacturing.Experience with measurement automation.Experience with photography and photographic principals.Broad knowledge of engineering concepts (device behavior, data analysis, statistics, and systems modeling).Great interpersonal skills - the ability to collaborate across groups.DescriptionSimulating and modeling imaging optics and projective geometry. Developing novel camera calibration and image processing and computer vision algorithms. Developing iOS and/or OSX apps for use case data collection and prototyping. Defining and documenting the systems architectures and system specifications for new features. Analyzing and characterizing electrical, optical, and optoelectronic components for new systems. Designing and performing laboratory experiments, and documenting the results. Using computer control (Matlab, Python, etc.) to automate repetitive measurements. Managing project deliverables and schedules to meet commitments to product development teams.Education & ExperienceBS/MS/PhD in a relevant field (EE, CS, Physics, Optics, Image Science or Applied Mathematics).Additional RequirementsSend To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
