"WORK WITH ME – Christa JobbHOMEABOUT MEBLOGWORK WITH MEPRODUCTSWORK WITH MEAre you looking to build a very successful network marketing business that you actually enjoy?Silly question I know, because you probably wouldn’t be on this website if you weren’t.So here’s the deal...Truth is… network marketing opportunities are practically a dime a dozen. There is no shortage!However, whether you spin your wheels, barely making enough to call it a \"side hustle\" like most folks in this business… OR… turn your side hustle into a booming organization and join the ranks of the TOP earners, all depends on 2 things.1. Your desire and willingness to win… and actually DO what it takes to succeed.2. Having the right coach and mentor to guide you and help you along the way.The first one is up to you. The latter, I can absolutely help you with, IF you’re the right person with the qualities of a successful network marketer. More on that in a moment.Now, finding the right coach and mentor can be tricky. Anyone can stand up in front of a room, or get on a leadership call and tell you to make a list, go prospect, do the “numbers”, work the system and never give up.Sound familiar?I’ve struggled through all that as well, including running out of people to talk to, not knowing how to cold market prospect, feeling the financial strain of being in the red in my business, and spinning my wheels because I was stuck.Fortunately, I’ve found and successfully applied a much different way of building my business, by leveraging the internet.And as a result I’ve been able to turn the tables, and now get high-quality prospects to reach out to ME, with a system that prospects, sells and recruits virtually on autopilot.Of course the folks I work with get to utilize my system as well. And if working together makes sense, I’d be happy to walk you through the entire process.WHO I'M LOOKING FOR...Because time is a very precious commodity, and I value my time greatly, I can’t possibly work with everyone.I simply don’t have enough hours in the day (since I spend a lot of it with my family)… nor do I have the desire to work with everyone. Which is contrary to what most network marketers do.And because I work very closely with my team, I’m looking for very specific, MUST have qualities in the person I can call a business partner.They are positive, and happy peopleThey have great character and integrityThey have a vision of where they are going, or are open to developing a visionThey want to develop their servant leadership skills and value personal developmentThey look for solutions to problems and are resourcefulThey are committed and follow throughThey want to do something AMAZING with their lifeIf this sounds like you, and you’re ready to make a shift in your business, your income and in your life by working with someone who can help shortcut the learning curve and achieve success… then I’d love to chat with you and see if we’d be a good fit.Here’s what you need to do…grab a FREE 30 Minute Consult with me below!PRIVACY POLICYTERMS AND CONDITIONSCopyright Company 2021	"
