"quality outside house painters near me | quality fixer upper curb appeal ideasHomeLegalSitemapWe paint all types of projects — interior and exterior residential, commercial, public, and industrial buildings. Our expert painters are dedicated to providing our clients with prompt, professional, quality work. For over 30 years, we have provided friendly service at affordable rates. Our goal at House Painting Inc. is to instill confidence in our ability to meet all your expectations so that you know you are always our number one focus. Home PaintingWe take great pride our experience, expertise, quality, and customer service that we provide to meet the consumers' needs. It is our mission to provide excellent workmanship and complete customer satisfaction from start to completion of a project. To understand the needs and expectations of our customers, we take great care to work and communicate with every customer a professional manner. Our reputation is based on service, safety, and quality, regardless of how large or small the job. House PaintingPaint made for the exterior of a house is formulated differently from that destined for interior paint jobs. Exterior house paint is blended to withstand rain, wind, and varying temperatures, while interior house paint is formulated to hide minor imperfections such as brush marks, handprints, and scuffs. Interior paints can be made washable for convenience, and doesn’t require exposure to light to cure. Home PaintersSuperPagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local SuperPages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. SuperPages advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.HomeAdvisor uses an extensive screening process to screen businesses and business owners/principals. We perform this screening when a business applies to join our network and, if the business is accepted, once again every two years following — or whenever concerns are brought to our attention. If you have concerns that a pro in our network doesn't meet these standards, please contact us so we can investigate. We're committed to maintaining a network of trusted home service businesses, and those who don't meet our criteria will be rejected or promptly removed from our network. House PaintingMany painters provide service to multiple zip codes in and around Stamford. Browse through a sample of the Painters in Stamford below to find the right professional in your area for your project. Remember to contact each of these professionals individually to ask about their prices, recent successful painting services jobs, how they bill, and what licenses or permits they have or will have to get for your job: Home PaintingIt’s a lot of tedious and time-consuming work, and it’s usually wise to hire an experienced painter to tackle the job for you, especially for bigger jobs or jobs that require a ladder. A painting pro can provide an estimate by the square foot of your house’s interior or exterior, the level of difficulty posed by the house’s configuration, and the going rate for labor in your area. Start by researching the pros and cons of various types of paint. Then, if you’re using pro, get three estimates to make sure you’re getting the best deal. Painting a house is not inexpensive, but the right work pays off in protecting your home and keeping it looking fabulous for years to come. Home PaintersOur highly skilled and experienced house painters can transform the interior or exterior of your home into a work of art you’ll be proud to show off to your guests. Our home painters follow a time-tested process that involves paying attention to the smallest details. We also work quickly and efficiently, while making every effort to minimize disruptions to your family’s lifestyle. And when you factor in our affordable rates, it’s no wonder that Shoreline Painting is homeowners’ top choice when searching for professional painters in CT. House Painting COOver the past 10 years, Rainbow Painting has served thousands of satisfied customers around the New York and Connecticut area. We are both licensed and insured, giving you a trustworthy business. Our staff is 100% professionally trained to give you the best quality service. Rainbow Painting is also supplied with the highest quality paint guaranteeing long-lasting results. Our customer satisfaction rate is above 90%! See for yourself through our Angie's List reviews. Call or email us today for... Home PaintersBecause it is next to impossible to find out information about local painting contractors on the Internet, the adage “talk to neighbors” applies here. Some painting contractors display signs on the lawns of houses they are working on, but you find this more with general contractors and siding and replacement windows companies. So, other than the painter’s white panel van out front, you often do not know what is going on inside your neighbors’ houses. Home PaintingKeep in mind that every project has different requirements, and some painter professionals maybe be more equipped to handle the specifications of your painting services work than others. Talk to multiple painters before deciding which one is right for you. You will want to consider how much they charge, if they are properly licensed for painting services work in Stamford, and if your project is a fit. Here are some suggested professionals and companies to get you started: Home PaintersOur professional multi-step process is detail-oriented and includes everything from preparation to final walk through. We will protect your furniture, create a smooth surface, apply the paint, and inspect our work. When we present the final product to you, we want to achieve your complete satisfaction. Our work is not finished until you are happy with the result.Since 1997, Color World Housepainting has been providing home and business owners with quality interior and exterior painting services and so much more. We are a one-of-a-kind home painting company that also offers commercial painting, power washing, carpentry and drywall repair, staining, and gutter installation. We can even assist you with your holiday lighting display! Color World is a one-stop-shop and is dedicated to making your home or business the best-looking property on the block. Home PaintersAt DALIA HOME IMPROVEMENT CORP. we strive to provide a complete service, paying all our attention to the needs of our customers, striving to develop your project with all your expectations. We have been working with this name since 2009, providing services in the states of Connecticut and New York. Experience, quality, and commitment are what support us. https://www.instagram.com/daliahomeimprovementcorp/ Home Painters\"Very happy to have hired Larry to repaint a bedroom in our house. He gave an honest and upfront quote based on the work needed, and he was eager to get started. He was very communicative throughout the entire process and always arrived on time. He's got a super positive attitude and should we have another project, we'll definitely be sure to call Larry! \" House Painting COBy clicking Get a Quote, you affirm you have read and agree to the HomeAdvisor Terms & Conditions, and you agree and authorize HomeAdvisor and its affiliates, and their networks of Service Professionals, to deliver marketing calls or texts using automated technology to the number you provided above regarding your project and other home services offers. Consent is not a condition of purchase.Pro Hands-On Painting is your number one source for high quality Painting, Home Improvement & Handyman Services in Long Island, NYC & Sorrounding areas. All of our Painters are very dedicated and detail oriented painters, as well our Home Improevement & Handyman staff are very dedicated and skilled craftsman. We are a Local company oriented to Painting, Home Improvement & Handyman Services. We are a trusted company with strong morals. When we are assigned to your Residential or Business we provide you with the same services that we would provide to one of our family members. Pro Hands-On always keeps your best interest in mind ... View Profile House Painting COThis is one of the most important things you must consider while looking for a house painter. If they are professional and experienced, they must be having a website where you can read reviews from their past customers. Going through a few of them will give you an idea about their quality of work and their attitude towards their clients. Also, check out some photos that their past clients must have posted of their work. See whether the majority of their clients are satisfied with their work or not. If they don’t have a website, you can also find such reviews on their social media handles and online forums. Home PaintersBy clicking Get a Quote, you affirm you have read and agree to the HomeAdvisor Terms & Conditions, and you agree and authorize HomeAdvisor and its affiliates, and their networks of Service Professionals, to deliver marketing calls or texts using automated technology to the number you provided above regarding your project and other home services offers. Consent is not a condition of purchase.We take great pride our experience, expertise, quality, and customer service that we provide to meet the consumers' needs. It is our mission to provide excellent workmanship and complete customer satisfaction from start to completion of a project. To understand the needs and expectations of our customers, we take great care to work and communicate with every customer a professional manner. Our reputation is based on service, safety, and quality, regardless of how large or small the job. House Painting COBefore you start a painting job either on the interior your home, or the exterior, you’ll need to estimate how much paint to buy. There are various factors to take into consideration when deciding how many gallons of paint to buy for your project. You’ll need the square footage of the area that needs to be painted, while keeping in mind that doors and windows require a different type of paint from the walls. Home PaintingWELCOME! Element Painting Of New York. A company licensed and insured ,formed by professionals whose detain the skills and expertise to handle interior and exterior painting projects . Our team completes the quality painting that you expect . Working over many years in NYC area and Westchester County , CT , NJ . We offer a specialized services for your painting needs : Plastering Taping Regular Interior Painting Decoration Projects wallpaper hanging / Wallpaper removing Venetian Plaster Glaze...Some service pros are employees, franchisees, dealers or independent contractors (\"Corporate SP's\") of larger national or \"Corporate Accounts\". When this is the case, you may be matched with the Corporate Account or with one of their Corporate service professionals. The above screening process is not applicable to Corporate Accounts, as HomeAdvisor does not screen Corporate Accounts or Corporate service professionals. Home PaintersThis is one of the most important things you must consider while looking for a house painter. If they are professional and experienced, they must be having a website where you can read reviews from their past customers. Going through a few of them will give you an idea about their quality of work and their attitude towards their clients. Also, check out some photos that their past clients must have posted of their work. See whether the majority of their clients are satisfied with their work or not. If they don’t have a website, you can also find such reviews on their social media handles and online forums. Home PaintersKeep in mind that every project has different requirements, and some painter professionals maybe be more equipped to handle the specifications of your painting services work than others. Talk to multiple painters before deciding which one is right for you. You will want to consider how much they charge, if they are properly licensed for painting services work in Stamford, and if your project is a fit. Here are some suggested professionals and companies to get you started: Home PaintingPro Hands-On Painting is your number one source for high quality Painting, Home Improvement & Handyman Services in Long Island, NYC & Sorrounding areas. All of our Painters are very dedicated and detail oriented painters, as well our Home Improevement & Handyman staff are very dedicated and skilled craftsman. We are a Local company oriented to Painting, Home Improvement & Handyman Services. We are a trusted company with strong morals. When we are assigned to your Residential or Business we provide you with the same services that we would provide to one of our family members. Pro Hands-On always keeps your best interest in mind ... View Profile Home PaintingAll of us at Shoreline Painting & Drywall are very excited and proud to announce the public availability of the new FINE PAINTS of EUROPE paint and coating technique. We are a certified contractor as well as specialized in the application of the Fine Paints of Europe coatings.completed projects for examples of our superior workmanship throughout our operating territory. See Fine Paints Of Europe Work Home PaintersIf you choose to paint your home yourself, you can save on the cost of labor. But if you don’t have the time or experience to tackle to job, it’s worth paying the going rate for painters in your area. If your home requires power washing prior to painting, and if it requires caulking for windows and doors, the cost will also rise. Whether paint is applied with a sprayer, brushed, or rolled on will also factor into the price. A painting pro can easily offer an estimate prior to undertaking an exterior painting job. Home PaintersLouis Polidoro established shoreline in 1975. His son Christopher Polidoro entered the company as President in 2007. Continually bringing fresh new ideas to the forefront has been a primary focus of our company from the beginning. Our loyal customer base knows they can always count on us to bring a unique and creative approach to the process of painting their homes in an environmentally friendly way. House Painting COIt’s a lot of tedious and time-consuming work, and it’s usually wise to hire an experienced painter to tackle the job for you, especially for bigger jobs or jobs that require a ladder. A painting pro can provide an estimate by the square foot of your house’s interior or exterior, the level of difficulty posed by the house’s configuration, and the going rate for labor in your area. Start by researching the pros and cons of various types of paint. Then, if you’re using pro, get three estimates to make sure you’re getting the best deal. Painting a house is not inexpensive, but the right work pays off in protecting your home and keeping it looking fabulous for years to come. Home PaintingWe're a locally owned and operated company with over 10 years of industry experience. We value honesty and integrity in all aspects of our business. We offer a variety of home improvement services that are customizable to each individual project. We specialize in handyman/carpentry work and a variety of related service and repair projects. We pride ourselves on the quality of our work as well as our commitment to outstanding results. We look forward to building lasting relationships with our ... Home PaintersHouse painting is not something you would like to repeat every year. It is a lengthy and cumbersome process that most homeowners undertake only once in 5 to10 years. If you are also planning to have the interiors or exteriors of your house painted, you need to make sure that the job is done by experienced professionals only, who can handle your painting project with dexterity. You must not trust any house painter who quotes the lowest price for your paint job. There are several things you need to look out for before you finalize a house painter. House Painting COI hired Israel General Painting to paint the exterior of my house. He helped with color schemes and also getting samples to test. As we decided on the colors he washed and prepared the house then primed and painted. Did a great job. He was very flexible with color changes. He also did a different color around doors and windows with no extra charge. He also primed and painted the porch. He was quite punctual unless my experience with other contractors, which was really good. After the painting was done he also cleaned the roof and around the house and putting back the things in place. We ended up with him painting a room in the house as well (of course that’s with a new quote). I highly recommend Israel General Painting for your painting needs. I plan on hiring Israel again to paint the interior of the rest of my house next year! Home PaintersAnother thing you must look for in a house painting contractor is whether they provide any warranty on their work or not. Peeling issues are very common during the first few months of having the house painted. Make sure that the painter provides a warranty of at least one year, and if the peeling takes place within this period, they must come and fix it without any extra charges. Some reliable house painters who are confident about their work do not hesitate to give 2-3 years of warranty on their job. House Painting COAt MDF Painting & Power Washing, we take special care of your property. Our experienced team of interior painters possesses the necessary skills required for surface preparation and they understand the broad range of coatings available. We'll always make sure to properly prepare the area before painting and we can quickly diagnose and solve the unique challenges of any interior painting project you might have. Home PaintersHello, I am a project manager with Fields Construction Company based in Hoboken, NJ. We are in the process of compiling a list of bidders for a job we have been awarded in Stamford, CT. The building is a 648-unit apartment building on 5 floors over transfer slabs, with 11 buildings over 1 common shared parking garage and garage entrances on 2 street facades. It is a wood framed building that will feature a café, leasing area, fitness center and landscaped courtyard, among other elements. We are looking for painting contractors who consistently perform work in the area and would be able to handle a job of this size and nature. We are scheduled to start site-work on the project this month. Please let me know if this is something you're interested in bidding and we'll discuss further. Thank you very much, Greg House Painting COBecause it is next to impossible to find out information about local painting contractors on the Internet, the adage “talk to neighbors” applies here. Some painting contractors display signs on the lawns of houses they are working on, but you find this more with general contractors and siding and replacement windows companies. So, other than the painter’s white panel van out front, you often do not know what is going on inside your neighbors’ houses. House Painting COThis is one of the most important things you must consider while looking for a house painter. If they are professional and experienced, they must be having a website where you can read reviews from their past customers. Going through a few of them will give you an idea about their quality of work and their attitude towards their clients. Also, check out some photos that their past clients must have posted of their work. See whether the majority of their clients are satisfied with their work or not. If they don’t have a website, you can also find such reviews on their social media handles and online forums. Home PaintersSome service pros are employees, franchisees, dealers or independent contractors (\"Corporate SP's\") of larger national or \"Corporate Accounts\". When this is the case, you may be matched with the Corporate Account or with one of their Corporate service professionals. The above screening process is not applicable to Corporate Accounts, as HomeAdvisor does not screen Corporate Accounts or Corporate service professionals. Home PaintersIf you choose to paint your home yourself, you can save on the cost of labor. But if you don’t have the time or experience to tackle to job, it’s worth paying the going rate for painters in your area. If your home requires power washing prior to painting, and if it requires caulking for windows and doors, the cost will also rise. Whether paint is applied with a sprayer, brushed, or rolled on will also factor into the price. A painting pro can easily offer an estimate prior to undertaking an exterior painting job. House Painting×House Painting Sitemap Contact us at [email protected] | Sitemap txt | Sitemap"
