"U.S. Companies Hiring the World’s Geniuses – Page 2 – 24/7 Wall St.Skip to contentBusiness	Aerospace & Defense	Autos	Banking & Finance	Commodities & Metals	Consumer Products	Energy Business	Healthcare Business	Industrials	Infrastructure	Media	Retail	Services	Trending	Goldman Sachs Thinks This Out-of-Favor Sector Has Huge...Goldman Sachs has four out-of-favor stock picks have been...City Data Centers	Crime by State	Cost of Living by State	Population and Demographics by State	Coronavirus Tracking	Crime by State	Alabama	Alaska	Arizona	Arkansas	California	Colorado	Connecticut	Delaware	Florida	Georgia	Hawaii	Idaho	Illinois	Indiana	Iowa	Kansas	Kentucky	Louisiana	Maine	Maryland	Massachusetts	Michigan	Minnesota	Mississippi	Missouri	Montana	Nebraska	Nevada	New Hampshire	New Jersey	New Mexico	New York	North Carolina	North Dakota	Ohio	Oklahoma	Oregon	Pennsylvania	Rhode Island	South Carolina	South Dakota	Tennessee	Texas	Utah	Vermont	Virginia	Washington	West Virginia	Wisconsin	Wyoming	Cost of Living by State	Alabama	Alaska	Arizona	Arkansas	California	Colorado	Connecticut	Delaware	Florida	Georgia	Hawaii	Idaho	Illinois	Indiana	Iowa	Kansas	Kentucky	Louisiana	Maine	Maryland	Massachusetts	Michigan	Minnesota	Mississippi	Missouri	Montana	Nebraska	Nevada	New Hampshire	New Jersey	New Mexico	New York	North Carolina	North Dakota	Ohio	Oklahoma	Oregon	Pennsylvania	Rhode Island	South Carolina	South Dakota	Tennessee	Texas	Utah	Vermont	Virginia	Washington	West Virginia	Wisconsin	Wyoming	Population and Demographics by State	Alabama	Alaska	Arizona	Arkansas	California	Colorado	Connecticut	Delaware	Florida	Georgia	Hawaii	Idaho	Illinois	Indiana	Iowa	Kansas	Kentucky	Louisiana	Maine	Maryland	Massachusetts	Michigan	Minnesota	Mississippi	Missouri	Montana	Nebraska	Nevada	New Hampshire	New Jersey	New Mexico	New York	North Carolina	North Dakota	Ohio	Oklahoma	Oregon	Pennsylvania	Rhode Island	South Carolina	South Dakota	Tennessee	Texas	Utah	Vermont	Virginia	Washington	West Virginia	Wisconsin	Wyoming	Coronavirus Tracking	Alabama	Alaska	Arizona	Arkansas	California	Colorado	Connecticut	Delaware	District of Columbia	Florida	Georgia	Hawaii	Idaho	Illinois	Indiana	Iowa	Kansas	Kentucky	Louisiana	Maine	Maryland	Massachusetts	Michigan	Minnesota	Mississippi	Missouri	Montana	Nebraska	Nevada	New Hampshire	New Jersey	New Mexico	New York	North Carolina	North Dakota	Ohio	Oklahoma	Oregon	Pennsylvania	Rhode Island	South Carolina	South Dakota	Tennessee	Texas	Utah	Vermont	Virginia	Washington	West Virginia	Wisconsin	Wyoming	Technology	Apps & Software	Consumer Electronics	Telecom & Wireless	AAPL	FB	GOOG	Trending	Top Analyst Has 4 Red-Hot Semiconductor Capital...These four top semiconductor capital equipment companies are...Investing	Analyst Upgrades	Bankruptcy	Buffett	Corporate Governance	Corporate Performance	Dividends and Buybacks	Earnings	ETFs and Mutual Funds	International Markets	IPOs and Secondaries	Mergers and Acquisitions	Personal Finance	Rumors	Value Investing	Trending	Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Adobe, Disney,...Friday's top analyst upgrades and downgrades included Adobe,...Economy	Energy	Government Regulation	Healthcare	Housing	Jobs	Trending	COVID-19: This Is the Deadliest County in the...When it comes to COVID-19, Arizona is the deadliest state now,...Special Report	Brands and Products	Cities	Countries	States	Trending	These Are The Best Suburbs To Live In Your StateSource: Sporksrock120 / Wikimedia Commons Alabama: Hoover >...JobsU.S. Companies Hiring the World's GeniusesDouglas A. McIntyre	August 7, 2012 6:12 amLast Updated: March 26, 2020 11:27 pm10) JPMorgan Chase & Co.> H1-B requests: 645> No. employees: 260,000> Revenue: $90 billion> Headquarters: New York, N.Y.> Industry: Banking, financial servicesClose behind its competitor Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) ranks 10th for the number of visa requests by a public American company, with 645 applications. Similar to Goldman, many of these requests were for software and application development, ahead of strictly banking and financial positions. The average salary for JPMorgan’s H-1B visa applicants was over $107,000.9) Goldman Sachs & Co.> H1-B requests: 656> No. employees: 32,400> Revenue: $29 billion> Headquarters: New York, N.Y.> Industry: Banking, financial servicesGoldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) is the first bank to crack the top 10 list of visa requesters among public American companies. Goldman also tops the list for the most requests in the New York metro area — this area generated a total of 52,291 requests, accounting for almost 16% of the national demand for H-1B visas. Financial specialists are the second-highest profession requesting applications in the New York metro area, with 6,206 requests. Many of the requests for H-1B visas at Goldman were for software development and programming roles. The average salary for Goldman’s 2011 H-1B visa applicants was over $118,000.8) CVS RX Services> H1-B requests: 688> No. employees: 202,000> Revenue: $99 billion> Headquarters: Woonsocket, R.I.> Industry: Retail pharmacyThe second-largest pharmacy chain in the United States comes in eighth for number of visas requested. While the only pharmacy chain in the top 10 list of public American companies requesting visas, CVS Caremark Corp. (NYSE: CVS) is certainly not the only company requesting visas for pharmacy workers. Rite-Aid Corp. (NYSE: RAD), Walgreen Co. (NYSE: WAG), Kroger Co. (NYSE: KR), Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) and Safeway Inc. (NYSE: SWY) have all requested workers in the pharmacy profession. Pharmacists are also among the highest-paid H-1B visa workers, making on average almost $114,000.7) Google Inc.> H1-B requests: 1,009> No. employees: 33,000> Revenue: $38 billion> Headquarters: Menlo Park, Calif.> Industry: Internet, computer softwareWith such reliance on the skills of foreign workers, it is no wonder that Google Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) also has been a serious supporter of H-1B visa reform, aiming to increase the number of visas available. This is one of the Internet giant’s major lobbying efforts in Washington, D.C. The majority of H-1B visa requests were for positions at Google’s headquarters in Menlo Park. The average salary for positions for which the company is requesting H-1B visas is $124,616.Also Read: Nine Great American Companies That Will Never Recover6) Qualcomm Inc.> H1-B requests: 1,017> No. employees: 17,500> Revenue: $15 billion> Headquarters: San Diego, Calif.> Industry: TelecommunicationsThe vast majority of the requests that Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM) made for H-1B visas were for jobs in San Diego, with 983 applications. This represents almost 22% of all the visa requests in the metro area. Other large employers of H-1B visa workers there include the University of California-San Diego and Larsen & Toubro, the Indian conglomerate. Qualcomm remains an R&D powerhouse: it ranked 26th for the number of patents filed in the United States in 2011 at 926.Previous Next1	2	3	Read more: Jobs, Special Report, CTSH, CVS, GOOG, GS, IBM, INTC, JPM, KR, MSFT, ORCL, QCOM, RAD, SWY, WAG, WMT, featured	Get Our Free Investment NewsletterI have read, and agree to the Terms of Use	Editors' Picks	This Is the State With the Largest National GuardThis Is the College Major That Pays Off the MostThis Is the Most Dangerous Job in America2020 CEO Turnover Puts Highest-Ever Percentage of Women in Top JobHome	About Us	Disclaimer and Terms of Use	Privacy Policy	Contact Us	Advertise	CA Privacy Notice - Do Not Sell My Data"
