"12 signs it's time to change jobs - chiefessay.biz chiefessay.bizUseful informationHow to find a great jobSimple and healthy meals to work withAdvice5 tips on describing a hobby in a CVHow to write a CVJob interviewWhat questions to ask during the interview?How to negotiate a salaryInteresting12 signs it’s time to change jobsAdvice Useful information	04.12.2020	Everyone has bad days at work. However, sometimes it is worth giving the employer another chance instead of giving the notice of termination. As tempting as it may be to fantasize about quitting your job spectacularly about it, it is sometimes worth considering whether this is the right time to change.But how do you know when it’s actually time to quit and accept another company’s offer?First, always trust your gut. If you actually hate your job, you should definitely start your search. If you hesitate, consider what your intuition tells you. Perhaps you will be given a sign that there is nothing to wait for or perhaps to give your current job a second chance.Businessman with documents on his head 11. You feel anxious or even afraid of going to workThe stress of thinking about spending the next 8 hours in the office keeps you awake at night. If this only happens in exceptional circumstances, it may be enough to find a relaxing hobby (like yoga, running, cooking, meditation). Focus on it in particularly stressful periods. However, if this feeling is with you every day, think about changing your job.2. You procrastinate more than you actually workEveryone slips off their time at work, but if there is nothing engaging in your day-to-day responsibilities, it may be time for a change. During the day there should be at least one task that will give you more satisfaction than mindlessly browsing your friends’ photos on Facebook.3. Work is harmful to your healthYou are on sick leave more and more often and for longer and longer? Do you regularly drink a few glasses of wine after work to relax after a stressful day? Do you work so long that you don’t have enough free time to do sports, sleep, play or sleep? No job is worth losing your health.4. You keep complainingDuring your lunch break, you and your colleagues complain, and after work you bore your friends with stories about office horrors. People in the team, the way the company is managed, supervisor, travel, responsibilities – you can’t stand them and complaining about work is one of your most frequent topics of conversation. Run away. Work should bring more positives than negatives to life.5. You are overqualifiedIt happens that we accept offers with lower skills and qualifications – especially if the financial situation requires it. However, it should be remembered that new positions are constantly being vacated. Keep your eyes open when there is something matching your profile. Instead of sitting on an uninteresting “temporary” position, keep track of the labor market. Subscribe to Adzuna notifications. Thanks to this you will receive new job offers straight to your e-mail address.6. No promotion possibleDo not waste your time working in a company that does not give you the opportunity to develop. By devoting your time and energy to supporting the company, you should feel that the company also cares about your development – along with it. In the long run, such work can hurt you by inhibiting the learning of new skills and following industry trends.7. Negative atmosphereYour coworkers are complaining, the boss is constantly dissatisfied. The negative atmosphere is contagious. Also, there is little chance that you will feel positive. Besides, such pessimism can completely kill the passion you had in the beginning for the chosen career path.8. Other companies are fighting for youAre headhunters and recruiters contacting you? If you are not entirely satisfied with your current job, let it be a green flag. Time may start taking part in recruitment meetings.9. You are not satisfied with the company’s cultureMaybe you want to be able to work from home once a week. Or maybe on Tuesdays you would like to be in the office an hour earlier so that you can leave an hour earlier. Or maybe you care about the corporate environment. Would you like to work in a company that promotes activity by financing or practicing sports together. Do you think that these are mere frills, and you come to work, work and leave? However, somewhere there is a company for you whose culture will fit your values. By working in it, you will finally feel that you are coming true. It is worth looking for such a company.10. You cannot express your opinionIf you don’t feel confident or comfortable enough to express your opinion and share your thoughts, this is a bad sign. It’s not worth spending half a day in such an oppressive environment. This will negatively affect your overall self-esteem and may adversely affect your private life.11. No passion for the industryWork doesn’t always have to be a passion, but it’s great if it is. If working in your industry once seemed like a dream come true, but now you are indulgent at it, maybe it’s worth changing the industry? This is not unusual these days. And displacement may be a way to give you wings. Before making hasty decisions, research the market carefully and think about how you would like to fit into it. The next step could be an online course or volunteering. Remember that you can change your career path 180 degrees – if you want.12. You make excuses and justify your work“I hate the boss and I have a hopeless salary, but the benefits are good”, “my co-workers put obstacles under their feet and they are malicious, but I earn well”, “I am not interested in my work, but it is close to home and I have convenient access “. If you regularly justify your work, but you know deep down in your heart that the pros outweigh the pros, think about how long it is worth making excuses. If you still complain and see more negatives than positives, remember that there are other companies and other positions on the market – start actively looking for them.Related Posts6 things you should do before you quit your jobUseful information03.12.2020How to be more satisfied with your work?Advice03.12.2020Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Recent PostsExamples of 3 people who know how to prepare an effective creative CVHow to deal with stress at work5 questions you should never ask in a job interview4 tips for being happier at work4 ways to effectively prepare for an interviewHow to be more satisfied with your work?Chiefessay.biz 2020."
