"Delaware North at Grand Canyon (Summer Job 2021) - IhappyeducationHOMEABOUT USBiden’s Victory impacts on Work and Travel ProgramGALLERYWORK AND TRAVELJOB LOCATIONTAX REFUNDPROMOTIONRegister NowCONTACTSDelaware North at Grand Canyon (Summer Job 2021)HomeDelaware North at Grand Canyon (Summer Job...IhappyeducationHOMEABOUT USBiden’s Victory impacts on Work and Travel ProgramGALLERYWORK AND TRAVELJOB LOCATIONTAX REFUNDPROMOTIONRegister NowCONTACTSOrganization: Delaware North at Grand Canyon (Summer Job 2021)Position: Resort Worker and Prep Cook/CookRate of pay: $12.15City: Grand CanyonState: ArizonaDetailsEmployer Name:DELAWARE NORTH AT GRAND CANYON ARIZONAPosition: Resort Worker and Prep Cook/CookPosition available: 2-5Hourly wage:$12.15 per hourMeal details: DISCOUNTOvertime details: only after 40 hours of work in a workweek, not guaranteed. OT will be paid at 1.5/ hourly rateEstimated hours : 32 average hours per weekHousing assisted by: EmployerEstimated cost of housing: $40 per weekTransportation details: Walking distance (15 – 45 minutes) and employee shuttle park busView of Grand Canyon with morning light, USAJob description:Prep Cook/Cook. Delaware North Parks and Resorts is hiring for seasonal, experienced cooks to join our team at the Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona. Our ideal prep cooks and cooks are friendly and enthusiastic, seeking the adventure that can be found living and working in a United States national park, and passionate about delivering a high quality of service and experience to guests. Please make sure to read and understand the Prep Cook/Cook duties and responsibility.Resort Worker. Delaware North Parks and Resorts is hiring for seasonal resort workers to join our team at the Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona. Our ideal resort workers are friendly and enthusiastic, seeking the adventure that can be found living and working in a United States national park, and passionate about delivering a high quality of service and experience to guests. The Grand Canyon National Park team welcomes international resort workers to join our J1 Visa work program. Our resort workers will be assigned to a primary position but may also work shifts in other positions as needed, including: Housekeeper, Cashier, Dishwasher, Food Runner. Please make sure to read and understand the Prep Cook/Cook duties and responsibility on page 8J1 Students must be willing to work morning, day, late evening, weekends, and holidays shifts.You will be required to take a drug test upon your arrival. Testing positive for drugs or any illegal use or possessions of drugs or alcohol will result in employment and program terminationGrand Canyon Arizona is a beautiful place for nature lovers, however, please do not expect a nightlife, big shopping, or big city atmosphere. Students to be placed at various DNC locations such us Grand Canyon Village, Desert View or TusayanEnglish required skills: IntermediateStart date: May 7th – May 30th, 2021End date: August– September 7th, 2021NEAREST INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT: Phoenix International Airport or Flagstaff Pulliam AirportNEAREST CITY: Flagstaff, Arizona – 89 miles, Phoenix, Arizona – 247 miles, Las Vegas, Nevada – 273 milesUNIFORM REQUIREMENTS: DNC Parks and Resorts at the Grand Canyon provide the shirts and nametag. It is each associate responsibility to provide their own black or khaki pants, a black or brown belt, and athletic shoes or black or brown shoes that are in good condition. Shoes are to be white, black or brown. If you do not have these items, please purchase these before reporting to the Grand Canyon for employment. You will not be allowed to work if you do not have black or khaki pants, a black or brown belt and shoes in good conditionAll information may be changed due to reasonable reason for each placement without prior notice.iHappy Educationบริหารงานโดยพี่ ๆ ที่มีประสบการณ์การใช้ชีวิต, ศึกษา และทำงานในประเทศสหรัฐอเมริกา รวมถึงประเทศอื่น ๆ บวกกับ Life Style ที่ชอบการเดินทางและใช้ชีวิตโดยการท่องเที่ยวไปในประเทศต่าง ๆ มากกว่า 20 ประเทศทั่วโลกAddressบริษัทแฮปปี้ อินเตอร์ เอ็ดดูเคชั่น จำกัดเลขที่ 294/1 อาคารเอเชีย บิลดิ้ง ชั้น 12 ห้อง 12E ถนนพญาไท, แขวงถนนเพชรบุรี เขตราชเทวี กรุงเทพ 10400088-159-6569 (Hotline), 095-645-4262 , 099-626-5456ihappyeducation@gmail.comMain menuHOMEABOUT USBiden’s Victory impacts on Work and Travel ProgramGALLERYWORK AND TRAVELJOB LOCATIONTAX REFUNDPROMOTIONRegister NowCONTACTSFacebook PageCopyright © 2019 ihappyeducation. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.X"
