"Working On A Job Site With Asbestos? 4 Ways To Protect Yourself - Learning About Restoring Historic BuildingsLearning About Restoring Historic BuildingsAbout MeHi everyone, my name is Syd Becker. Welcome. On this site, I hope to share information about the tools and techniques used in the restoration of historic dwellings. Historic sites require special care to ensure the new build matches the existing elements. In short, the building repairs require the use of materials that match the ones used in the original build. Otherwise, the historic value of the dwelling may be irreparably damaged. I will help you all better understand this topic with the content I post on my site. Please feel free to visit my site daily to learn more.CategoriesblogLatest PostsWater Damage Problems That Become Costlier If You Neglect Them For Too Long 23 Dec, 2020Take Action After Storm Driven Water Damage 20 Oct, 2020Difficult Seasons in Life That Can Be Eased with the Gift of Home Maintenance Services 29 Nov, 2019Keys To Buying Some Quality Appliance Repairs 12 Sep, 2019Options For Fixing An Upholstered Chair With Worn Arms 05 Jun, 2019Working On A Job Site With Asbestos? 4 Ways To Protect YourselfWhen your construction job requires you to work on a job site where asbestos is present, you are going to want to make sure that you protect yourself and take the proper precautions to limit your exposure to the asbestos. Here are four things that you can do to ensure that you are not exposed and harmed by the asbestos on your job site.#1 Evaluate The RiskEven if your employer tells you that there is asbestos on the job site and where it is at, it is always a good idea to evaluate the risk yourself. Check and make sure that the asbestos is not located in other areas that your employer may have missed. Verify the condition of the asbestos and if it is intact or if it is loose and breathable. Finally, make sure that you know the location of all of the asbestos in the building where you are working. You need to understand and know where the risk is at so that you can properly avoid it.#2 Always Suit-UpWhen you have to work around asbestos, it is important that you always suit up properly. You are going to want to wear a suit that covers you from head to foot. Need to wear a breathing mask that is specifically designed to keep asbestos out. You need to wear goggles that completely cover your eyes and make contact with your face. You need to cover up your hair as well. Ideally, you shouldn't have any exposed skin when you are working around asbestos.#3 Use The Right Type of RespiratorsIt is vitally important that you use the right type of respirators when working around asbestos. The biggest risk that asbestos presents to you is getting inside of your lungs, where it can really wreak havoc on your body. Any respirators that you wear should be NIOSH approved to ensure that it will protect your lungs from breathing in asbestos.#4 Wash OffIf you are working directly with asbestos, you need to make sure that you take off all the protective clothing that you were wearing and wash them off at the end of the day. You should also have a place on-site where you can wash your entire body as well. When removing asbestos, the particles can be really small and can cling to your body and skin. You don't want to transport or bring the asbestos home with you or out and about in public either, which is why you need to rinse your body off with water after working to remove asbestos.Finally, be sure to follow all your workplace regulations regarding asbestos in order to stay safe around it. For more information, contact companies like Colfax Corporation.Share©2020 Learning About Restoring Historic Buildings"
