"Staff Engr Sys Architect At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Fl job at Northrop Grumman in Melbourne FloridaStaff Engr Sys Architect At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Melbourne Fl FeaturedNorthrop GrummanLocationMelbourne, FloridaWageHourlyJob ID14322073674Posted2021-1-13Apply NowStaff Engr Sys Architect At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Fl job at Northrop Grumman in Melbourne FLDescription, duties, responsibilitiesDesigns and develops system architectures and defines key capabilities and performance requirements. Defines design and technology maturity constraints of the system in accordance with customer specifications. Develops thorough definition of system external interfaces. Defines system implementation approach and operational concept. Ensures requirements are met and evaluates performance with customer. The successful candidate will be a Systems Engineer with architecture modeling and simulation experience. The individual will convert broad customer goals into system level concepts of operations and able to work with customers to help create the Operational Concepts that can be used to guide system development. The engineer will perform and develop system level models and simulations to analyze a systems ability to meet system level operational and performance requirements. The engineer will design and develop system architectures and define key capabilities and performance requirements. The engineer will define design and technology maturity constraints of the system in accordance with customer specifications and develop thorough external interface definitions. The individual will define system implementation approaches and operational concepts. The individual will collaborate with several stakeholders to support delivery of quality design products. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: o Bachelors Degree in a Science Technology Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) discipline and 14 years engineering experience - OR a Masters Degree in a STEM discipline and 12 years of engineering experience OR a PhD. A STEM discipline and 9 years of engineering experience. o Recently demonstrated knowledge of Systems Engineering practices oMust have an Active In-scope DoD Secret Security Clearance that has been granted / renewed within the past 6 year Preferred Qualifications: o Advanced STEM Degree o Expertise in systems development and Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) processes o Expertise in engineering simulations o Experience with system architecture development using one or more of UML/SysML (Rhapsody CORE System Architect MagicDraw) o Experience in the military aerospace development environment is preferred. o Excellent communication interpersonal skills and the ability to interface with all levels of employees and management o Experience with models of interface input/output including messages fields and signals between systems to provide specification of end-to-end system capabilities for developers o Experience creating and maintaining integration procedures o Experience creating and maintaining development schedules o Experience creating and maintaining models of software-to-hardware deployment and interface protocols o Experience mapping between requirements and designSalary Range: $200K -- $250K Minimum QualificationSystems Architecture and Engineering.Related JobsManufacturing Melbourne FLNetwork Operations Specialist Melbourne FLFlight Test Engineering Manager 2 Melbourne FLEngineering Specialist Environmental Control Systems Melbourne FLNetwork Operations Specialist Melbourne FLNetwork Operations Specialist Melbourne FLPassenger Service Wheelchair Attendant Melbourne FLSr Principal Software Engineer At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Melbourne Melbourne FLEngineering Specialist Environmental Control Systems Melbourne FLManager Engineering 2 At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Melbourne Fl Melbourne FLNorthrop Grumman Company OverviewThe following jobs have been promoted on the Aviation Ad Network and are to be considered - current, newsworthy aviation employment information (FYI). No guarantee is made as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any information, projections or opinions in announcements obtained through the promoted jobs. The information contained in this announcement is compiled for the convenience of site visitors and is accepted by the site visitor on the condition that errors or omissions are not the responsibility of Avjobs and shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause of action. Please visit this companys web site for additional details and information. Please reference Avjobs when applying.Apply NowTop EmployerWebsitewww.avjobs.com/companiesJob FeedViewNews FeedViewList All Northrop Grumman JobsDon't wait, apply today.We can't wait to receive your resume.Northrop Grumman is accepting resumes and actively recruiting for this Staff Engr Sys Architect At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Melbourne Fl position in Melbourne, Florida. Be sure to send your resume using the \"Apply Now\" button or by following the application instructions provided by the employer.Get Recommended to Northrop GrummanGet your skills, experience and interest matched with Northrop Grumman jobs and get recommended. Start your new career sooner. Get started today and get recommended to Northrop Grumman. Then Tell a Friend.Copyright © Avjobs, Inc., 1988-2021 All Rights ReservedAvjobs.com - Aviation Job SearchStaff Engr Sys Architect At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Melbourne FlLocation: Melbourne FLIndustry: AviationOccupational Category: Business OperationsHours: Full-time, 40 hours per weekSalary: USD 0Description: Northrop Grumman seeks a Staff Engr Sys Architect At Northrop Grumman Corporation In Melbourne Fl.Designs and develops system architectures and defines key capabilities and performance requirements. Defines design and technology maturity constraints of the system in accordance with customer specifications. Develops thorough definition of system external interfaces. Defines system implementation approach and operational concept. Ensures requirements are met and evaluates performance with customer. The successful candidate will be a Systems Engineer with architecture modeling and simulation experience. The individual will convert broad customer goals into system level concepts of operations and able to work with customers to help create the Operational Concepts that can be used to guide system development. The engineer will perform and develop system level models and simulations to analyze a systems ability to meet system level operational and performance requirements. The engineer will design and develop system architectures and define key capabilities and performance requirements. The engineer will define design and technology maturity constraints of the system in accordance with customer specifications and develop thorough external interface definitions. The individual will define system implementation approaches and operational concepts. The individual will collaborate with several stakeholders to support delivery of quality design products. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: o Bachelors Degree in a Science Technology Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) discipline and 14 years engineering experience - OR a Masters Degree in a STEM discipline and 12 years of engineering experience OR a PhD. A STEM discipline and 9 years of engineering experience. o Recently demonstrated knowledge of Systems Engineering practices oMust have an Active In-scope DoD Secret Security Clearance that has been granted / renewed within the past 6 year Preferred Qualifications: o Advanced STEM Degree o Expertise in systems development and Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) processes o Expertise in engineering simulations o Experience with system architecture development using one or more of UML/SysML (Rhapsody CORE System Architect MagicDraw) o Experience in the military aerospace development environment is preferred. o Excellent communication interpersonal skills and the ability to interface with all levels of employees and management o Experience with models of interface input/output including messages fields and signals between systems to provide specification of end-to-end system capabilities for developers o Experience creating and maintaining integration procedures o Experience creating and maintaining development schedules o Experience creating and maintaining models of software-to-hardware deployment and interface protocols o Experience mapping between requirements and designSalary Range: $200K -- $250K Minimum QualificationSystems Architecture and Engineering.Responsibilities:Educational requirements:Experience requirements:Desired Skills:Qualifications:Benefits:Northrop Grumman provides top-tier employee compensation benefits and a relaxed, team-oriented work environment, including:Incentives:Date Posted: 2021-1-13Please Apply by: 2021-1-29"
