"Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang January 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD. - Singapore Job Vacancies 2021HomeCompanyJob Searching TipsSing Job	Sing JobSingapore Job Vacancies 2020Home >> REZHENG PTE. LTD. >> Geylang >> Job Vacancy Laser Operator GeylangJob Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang January 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD.Information of Job VacancyTitle of Job : Job Vacancy Laser Operator GeylangCompany Name : REZHENG PTE. LTD.Placement : GeylangDate : 18 days ago ---> OPEN !Expired : NoJob Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD.. Good Afternoon for loyal visitors who are hunting job. Hopefully not despair give to find a job that fit with desire your needed. Indeed once in a while find a job that suit is complicated in this year. On this occasion, the admin will give news Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD.. Here news more detail about Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD..Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD.Here is conditions job description that you must meet to fill Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD. which opened end of this month:[CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE WORK PASSES NEED NOT APPLY]Main Duties and ResponsibilitiesInterpret technical drawings to understand the cutting specifications and requirements prior to the cutting.Perform daily machine start-up and shutdown procedures on CNC cutting machines and equipment.Prepare and stage raw materials at each work-center for daily production.Load and unload materials onto and from the cutting machines or equipment.Ensure all cutting production are in accordance with the production schedule set or allocated by the Production Supervisor.Maintain daily dust collector service and associated logbook in assigned area and report equipment or machine’s deficiencies.Perform minor maintenance and cleaning of cutting equipment and work area in accordance with the Company’s standards and machine manufacturer’s recommendation.Perform machine alignment in accordance to the recommended procedure and optic cleaning to keep the equipment and machines in good operating condition.Monitor and resonator gas levels and ensure adequate supply of gas for daily production.Check parts on other cutting centers per TS/ISO standards as and when required.Facilitate work order paper flow in accordance with TS/ISO quality standards.Comply to all safety rules and regulations such as wearing of personal protective equipment.Any other duties as assigned by the Supervisor.Job SpecificationTechnical Certificate in CNC Laser Cutting.At least 3 to 5 years of cutting experience and must have used CNC laser cutting machines or equipment.Knowledge of reading and interpreting technical drawings.Good communication and interpersonal skills and must be a team player.Must have good attention to details.Able to work independently with minimum supervision as well as under pressure.Only job candidates that satisfies to requirements above of that will be called upon to perform the next test. For that, if you are interested and meet the applicants Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD. above, please submit your application before job expired.Thus info Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD. that we can inform. hopefully info job today help you all who are seeking employment. If the info above vacancy does not suit with your desire, it never hurts to read information another job vacancies below. Finally, we say gratefulness already visited this website, do not forget to share information this beneficial through twitter. Hope you will find a job and work hard!If Ms fascinated submit Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD. REZHENG PTE. LTD., immediately prepare requirements / files and documents needed for apply Job Vacancy Laser Operator Geylang 2021 REZHENG PTE. LTD. above. Please click the \"Apply Now\" below.Submit Your ApplicationxSubmit your application through the link below:Do not forget to like our fanpage to get the latest job informationApply Now	RELATED JOBSJob Vacancy Administrative AssistantAccess Frontier - Singapore | Opened at : 18 January 2021 - 1 hour ago	Administrative assistants, secretaries, and receptionists have a reputation of simply needing to answer the phone and greet office guests.Job Vacancy R&M Technician IIHP - Singapore | Opened at : 18 January 2021 - 2 hours ago	Nitec/ Higher Nitec in any field. Basic knowledge in the field of electro mechanical technology. Minimum 1 year relevant experience.Job Vacancy Kiehl's Customer RepresentativeL'Oreal - Singapore | Opened at : 18 January 2021 - 3 hours ago	We wake up every morning because there is excitement in knowing that everyone we work with has a tremendous impact on a larger vision. What are we looking for?Job Vacancy Temp Customer Service OfficerCelecti Pte. Ltd. - Singapore | Opened at : 18 January 2021 - 1 hour ago	# Accessible from Jurong East MRT. # Rostered 5 days between Mondays and Saturdays. 3 days a week from 9am to 6pm. 2 days a weekf rom 9am tp 8pm.Job Vacancy Specialist, SystemsSingtel - Singapore | Opened at : 18 January 2021 - 4 hours ago	Proficient in as Microsoft Window, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook. NCS is a leading information and communications technology (ICT) and communications…AdvertisementsSearch Updatexsxuybjjgbt tnztbercn uharbourfrontwest singaporetuasthe yardnepal parktableau andsentosangCopyright 2015 @ Singapore Job Vacancies 2019 - US Job Vacancies About | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Term of Service - 0.650 s."
