"Geography 2017-2018 | Academic Jobs Wiki | FandomSearch	This wiki	This wiki	All wikis	|Sign In	Don't have an account?Register	Academic Jobs Wiki1,291 PagesAdd new pageCommunityMost Visited Pages	Recently Edited PagesSpanish and Portuguese 2020-2021Communication and Media Studies 2020-2021Music Theory/Composition 2020-21Ethnic Studies 2020-2021Humanities and Social Sciences Postdocs 2020-2021German 2020-2021Archaeology 2020-2021Recent blog posts	Forum	ExploreRecent ChangesRandom pageCommunityVideosImagesDiscussin:AcademicJobSearch, Academic Jobs Wiki	Geography 2017-2018EditEdit source	History	Talk (0)	ShareLast year's page: Geography 2016-2017NEW PAGE: Geography 2018-19Contents1 Full-Time / Tenure-Track Positions1.1 Delta State University-Assistant Professor of Geography and Sustainable Development1.2 Delta State University-Assistant Professor of Geography and Social Science Education1.3 Barrett, the Honors College at Arizona State University - Honors Faculty Fellow (Full-Time, Permanent Non-tenure-track) - Open Rank and Open Field1.4 Eastern Washington University (WA) - Assistant Professor, Geography/Anthropology1.5 RUTGERS UNIVERSITY-NEW BRUNSWICK - TT Assistant Professor of Marine Social Sciences and Policy/Human Ecology Department1.6 University of British Columbia: Canada Research Chair in GIS, Geospatial Big Data and Digital GeohumanitiesFull-Time / Tenure-Track Positions[edit | edit source]Delta State University-Assistant Professor of Geography and Sustainable Development[edit | edit source]The Division of Social Sciences and History at Delta State University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Geography and Sustainable Development or Visiting Assistant Professor of Geography and Sustainable Development, to begin August, 2018. The successful candidate will teach 12 credit hours per semester, which will include introductory, advanced and graduate-level courses. The incumbent will also develop an active research agenda and engage in service to the department, college, university and community, and will advise students. Teaching and advising may include students working towards the Master of Arts in Liberal Studies, the Master of Community Development, or the Master of Education in Secondary Education. Opportunities exist for collaborative research and service with campus centers of excellence, including the Center for Community and Economic Development; the Madison Center for the Study of Democracy, Human Rights and the Constitution; the Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Information Systems; and the Delta Center for Culture and Learning.A Ph.D. in Geography or a closely related subject (with at least 18 hours of graduate credit in Geography) is required, with experience in environment or social justice or community and economic development. Experience with Geographic Information Systems is desirable. Preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate experience with service learning; interdisciplinary teaching and research; on-line teaching; teaching in a diverse, multicultural environment.Effective university level instruction skills are expected.Ph.D. required by August 2018 for appointment to assistant professor.If letters of recommendation are being sent under separate over, attach a document in place of the letters stating their names. This way you will be able to submit your application. Letters can be mailed to Human Resources, Kent Wyatt Hall 247, 1003 W. Sunflower Rd., Cleveland, MS 38733 or emailed to dsuhrjobs@deltastate.edu. When letters arrive they will be added to your materials online. For more information, call: 662 846 4035.Screening of applications will begin on July 11, 2018 and will continue until the position is filled.Delta State University-Assistant Professor of Geography and Social Science Education[edit | edit source]The Division of Social Sciences and History at Delta State University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Geography and Social Science Education position, to begin August, 2018.The successful candidate will teach 12 credit hours per semester, which includes teaching methods of teaching social studies/social sciences as well as introductory, advanced and graduate-level geography courses. S/he will be required to develop and deliver courses in a variety of modes, including online courses that ensure quality and effective assessment. Responsibilities will include serving as a liaison to the College of Education and Human Sciences (COEHS) in respect to accreditation and the supervision of teaching internships and field experiences. S/he will be required to serve on committees and support accreditation efforts as needed. Developing an active research agenda and engaging in service to the division, college, university and community, as well as advising students are other requirements. Teaching and advising may include students working towards the Master of Arts in Liberal Studies and the Master of Education in Secondary Education degrees.The candidate should have expertise in social studies/social science learning theories, practice, and pedagogy and a commitment to promoting diversity and equity. Preference will be given to candidates with knowledge and application of culturally responsive pedagogy. Opportunities exist for collaborative research and service with campus centers of excellence, including the Center for Community and Economic Development; the Madison Center for the Study of Democracy, Human Rights and the Constitution; the Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Information Systems; and the Delta Center for Culture and Learning.A Ph.D., in Geography or Ed.D., in secondary education or curriculum and instruction with an emphasis in teaching Geography. The candidate should have at least three years of successful teaching in public school secondary education. Priority will be given to those who have knowledge and experience in program assessment for CAEP (NCATE)/NCSS accreditation.Commensurate with experience and qualifications Ph.D., in Geography or Ed.D., in secondary education or curriculum and instruction with an emphasis in teaching Geography. Ph.D. or Ed.D. required by June 10, 2018 for appointment to assistant professor.Cover letter, vitae, teaching philosophy, unofficial transcripts and three letters of recommendation are required for this position. Requests for letters of recommendation will automatically be generated to the references you list on the application. These individuals will be sent a link to allow them to submit their letter directly to application system. All application materials must be received by June 10, 2018.Barrett, the Honors College at Arizona State University - Honors Faculty Fellow (Full-Time, Permanent Non-tenure-track) - Open Rank and Open Field[edit | edit source]Barrett, The Honors College at Arizona State University is expanding its faculty and invites applications for a position in the core Honors faculty. Barrett faculty members are Honors Faculty Fellows designated as Lecturers, Senior Lecturers, and Principal Lecturers with competitive salaries and generous benefits. The main responsibility of Barrett faculty members rests on the teaching of a rigorous two-semester interdisciplinary seminar, The Human Event, in which students examine primary materials reflecting diverse intellectual traditions from earliest writings to the present. Special attention is given to critical thinking and argumentative writing skills. In addition, faculty teach upper-division seminars and mentor honors students through independent studies, individual conferences, theses, and other scholarly endeavors.Barrett attracts many of the top students in the country and provides them with an enriched academic experience that challenges them and enables them to become better citizens of the world. Typical incoming students at Barrett are in the top five percent of their high school classes.We seek to fill a full-time, multi-year faculty position whose primary responsibility will be to teach the first-year Human Event seminar. Successful applicants will demonstrate teaching excellence, including experience and openness to teaching primary sources through multiple theoretical/disciplinary/methodological approaches, across cultures and historical eras. The position begins August 2018; the nine-month salary will be based on education and experience.Qualifications: A PhD, in hand by June 2018, in any academic field that adds richness to our college. Candidates whose work integrates views from multiple disciplines are encouraged to apply. Experience in teaching argumentative writing and leading seminar- based discussions is highly desired. We seek applications from candidates whose teaching and scholarly activities address and reflect the diversity of our student population and who enhance the diversity of our faculty. Desirable candidates would augment existing areas of specialization and/or geographic focus of current faculty. While we welcome applications from candidates in any field, those specializing in African/Africana studies, Latina/o and Hispanic studies, Native American studies, and STEM fields are particularly encouraged to apply.Please send: (1) a letter of application detailing teaching philosophy and experience, disciplinary training and research, and how you can contribute to honors education;(2) a C.V.;(3) a brief description of course objectives and themes you would adopt in the first and second semesters of The Human Event (HON 171 & HON 272), and a list of readings for both.Please send your applications materials, formatted as .pdf files, to: bhcfacultysearch@asu.edu.Questions about the position may be addressed to Dr. Aviva Dove-Viebahn, Chair, Faculty Search Committee, at bhcfacultysearch@asu.edu.Applications must be received by 5:00 pm on January 16, 2018.Eastern Washington University (WA) - Assistant Professor, Geography/Anthropology[edit | edit source]The Department of Geography & Anthropology at Eastern Washington University invites applications for a faculty position in the area of disasters, hazards and human and environmental impacts at the rank of Assistant Professor for the 2018-2019 academic school year. The position is a nine-month academic year appointment that would begin September 16, 2018.We seek candidates with a strong social science background who can provide expertise in the areas of disasters and hazards, either naturally-occurring or anthropogenic, with an emphasis on how these events impact human populations. Specifically, we are interested in applications from scholars who focus their work in disasters and hazards on issues related to 1) the health consequences associated with occurrences of disasters and hazards and/or 2) disasters and hazards within the urban context and/or from an urban ecology perspective. Candidates with demonstrated fieldwork experience working with local communities to prepare, avoid, remedy or remediate environmental and/or man-made disasters and hazards are particularly encouraged to apply.The department has existing expertise in the areas of resource management, conservation, water resource planning, climate change, multi-scale biogeography, small-scale agricultural production, migration and relocation, urban governance and politics, and social and environmental justice. Candidates should demonstrate the ability to both bridge and integrate with our existing areas of specialization and develop new courses and research opportunities in the area of human impacts of disasters and hazards.Application deadline: November 2017Application link: http://bit.ly/2hFPoFqANY UPDATES WITH EWU?RUTGERS UNIVERSITY-NEW BRUNSWICK - TT Assistant Professor of Marine Social Sciences and Policy/Human Ecology Department[edit | edit source]The Department of Human Ecology at Rutgers University School of Environmental and Biological Sciences invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor – AY in marine social sciences and policy. The successful candidate will establish an innovative program of scholarship, teaching, and service dealing with marine issues conceived broadly, and should be comfortable working with interdisciplinary teams to bridge the social and natural sciences. The candidate should possess a Ph.D. or equivalent in one of the social sciences (anthropology, geography, sociology, political science, economics, environmental studies, or related fields), focused on marine issues in either domestic or international settings, and have proven experience applying social science methods to significant marine issues.The successful candidate should show potential to successfully obtain and manage grants to support research activities and maintain a record of scholarly publications. Research topics of interest for this position might include human dimensions of marine resource management; coupled socio-ecological marine systems and/or ecosystem services; ocean conservation and/or marine protected areas; sustainable use and management of marine resources and fisheries; governance, institutions and/or socio-economics of marine issues; equity and access for marine-dependent communities; law and policy dealing with small island states; climate change impacts on marine resources and communities; offshore development, pollution and environmental impacts; and other related topics. The candidate should be comfortable working with and leveraging interdisciplinary teams to bridge the social and natural sciences in marine issues, such as working with faculty in the Department of Marine and Coastal Sciences, the Institute of Earth, Ocean and Atmospheric Sciences, and the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Natural Resources at Rutgers, as well as with a new Center for Fisheries and Ocean Sustainability. The successful candidate will be expected to teach courses within the curriculum of the Environmental Policy, Institutions, and Behavior undergraduate major, such as courses on natural resources policy; marine policy, governance and institutions; or human dimensions of marine conservation, among other topics (see curriculum at:http://humanecology.rutgers.edu/epibcourses.asp), and may also engage with related teaching minors, such as minors in Sustainability and in Fisheries. The successful candidate will also be encouraged to work with graduate students in other departments across the School and University through participation in Graduate Faculty appointments. We are especially interested in candidates who, through their research, teaching, service, and/or personal experience will contribute to the diversity and excellence of our academic community.Applications will be accepted through November 10, 2017. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Interested candidates should submit a single PDF file containing 1) a cover letter including the names and contact information of three references; 2) a Curriculum Vitae; 3) a statement of teaching philosophy; and 4) a writing sample or representative publication. Submissions to: http://jobs.rutgers.edu/postings/52069University of British Columbia: Canada Research Chair in GIS, Geospatial Big Data and Digital Geohumanities[edit | edit source]The Department of Geography at The University of British Columbia (UBC), Vancouver campus, invites applications for the position of Canada Research Chair (Tier 2) with a specialization in Geospatial Big Data and Digital Geohumanities, to enhance existing departmental strengths in human geography. This position is expected to be a full-time, tenure-stream appointment made at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor. The successful applicant will have a Ph.D. degree and will be an emerging scholar who is active in their field of research and whose profile and research proposal both meets CRC program criteria and demonstrates an excellent fit with institutional strategic goals and the aims of the position. The Chair will be expected to maintain an outstanding program of research, to teach at the undergraduate and graduate levels, to supervise undergraduates, graduate students, and postdoctoral fellows, and to contribute to service at the departmental level and beyond.We seek a scholar specializing in the interactions between a) methodological innovations in Big Data, visual methodologies, or the cybernetic posthuman assemblages of the ‘Internet of Things,’ and b) social, legal, or institutional aspects of changing politics of knowledge production enabled by new geovisualization technologies deployed by corporations, governments, and social movements. The ideal candidate will have an established and innovative program of research that advances geographical and interdisciplinary perspectives and contributes to UBC’s strategic priorities and new initiatives in other units and programs such as First Nations and Indigenous Studies, the Institute for Gender, Race, Sexuality, and Social Justice, Sociology, the Bachelor of Media Studies, and the Science and Technology Studies Program.The candidate must demonstrate teaching excellence in one or more of the following areas: digital humanities methods; GIS and society; spatial statistics; API programming techniques and social media analytics; data mining methods and Big Data; and cartography and geospatial data visualization.NOTE: Truncated job ad for spaceAs of 10/1, they were requesting letters of reference.Closed: 9/18/2017Retrieved from \"https://academicjobs.wikia.org/wiki/Geography_2017-2018?oldid=558634\"Categories:AcademicJobSearchAcademic Jobs WikiAdd categoryCancelSaveCommunity content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted.	Fan Feed	Explore Wikis	Universal Conquest WikiLet's Go Luna! WikiFandomShop DC Trivia GalaxyQuestTerms of Use	Privacy Policy	Do Not Sell My Info	Support	Help"
