"Product Manager Sr (Longitudinal Care) in , - AnthemMinimizeCloseWelcome to the Anthem Careers site! We have been hard at work to improve our job search and application systems to better serve you. It is now easier to find and apply for relevant jobs as well as stay connected with Anthem. Here are a few of the updates you may notice:Welcome to the Anthem Careers site! We have been hard at work to improve our job search and application systems to better serve you. It is now easier to find and apply for relevant jobs as well as stay connected with Anthem. Here are a few of the updates you may notice:No more profiles! We no longer require you to create a log in and password to apply for a job and you won't be able to access previously created profiles, but don’t worry – we still have your previous application(s) on file and you can still track your status by clicking on the \"Track Your Job Application Status\" button.Job Alerts – If you had previously registered to receive job alerts and wish to continue to receive these notifications, please re-register by clicking the “job alert” button.NEW! Didn’t find a job that is right for you? Join a Talent Network to stay informed on news and job opportunities with the Anthem Team!Skip to main contentMenuAbout Anthem, Inc.Our CompaniesCorporate ResponsibilityDiversity & InclusionMilitary & VeteransStudent OpportunitiesSocial MediaFrequently Asked QuestionsDiversity & InclusionMilitary & VeteransStudent OpportunitiesSocial MediaFrequently Asked QuestionsBack to Search ResultsIt is important that you apply using an email address which is unique to you and not shared with a friend, relative, spouse, or significant other. Our recruiting system uses your email address as your unique identifier. If you apply with a shared email address, your application will overwrite any previous applicant record with the same email address. Additionally, please ensure that you use a valid email address, free from typos, as there are a variety of communications which may be sent to the email address with which you applyProduct Manager Sr (Longitudinal Care)Location:Job Family: MarketingReq #: PS41399Date Posted: Jan 12, 2021Share: share to e-mailApply Now >DescriptionSHIFT: Day JobSCHEDULE: Full-timeYour Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health care companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company.Product Manager SrOverview:Are you a seasoned product development manager with experience building and managing successful digitally-enabled virtual health care programs? Have you owned a product roadmap and managed a disciplined strategic process for developing ideas and taking them to market?We are investing in innovation. And if you are experienced senior-level product manager with an entrepreneurial mindset who will challenge the status quo to shape next-generation products, then this might be the right role for you.Our Commercial Product division is growing, and we’re establishing a new Clinical Products team, tasked with reimagining our behavioral health, chronic conditions and women’s health product portfolio by introducing digitally-enabled virtual capabilities to improve access to critical services while lowering costs for people struggling with costly and complex health issues.As a senior product manager you will “own” your products and be the source of truth for them. You will combine data, marketplace research, and your knowledge of our clients’ evolving needs and changing competitive landscape to guide and rationalize your product roadmap planning and execution. You will also lead collaborative projects with multidisciplinary stakeholders across Anthem to oversee and shape the creation of new products from concept to launch.Your key attributes:- You are passionate about the healthcare industry and making a difference in the lives of people we serve.- You embrace technology and relentlessly contemplate how to apply it to a human-centered approach to helping members better manage their health.- You are curious by nature with a strategic mindset and can see and act within the bigger picture.- You get things done in highly matrixed environment. You’re resilient and able to deal with ambiguity and can effectively cope with change by shifting gears comfortably; and take action without always having the total picture.- You effectively communicate with leadership teams and present options and their inherent tradeoffs so decisions can be made quickly and effectively.- You’re skillful at building consensus and making thoughtful, data-driven recommendations for project / program prioritization, solution design, and risk identification and mitigation.- You have an intuitive “radar” for identifying and acting when struggling projects require guidance or knowledge from other experts within Anthem.Primary duties:- Champions the vision and guides the product strategy and roadmap for your products.- Sets development priorities and secures stakeholder alignment along the way.- Initiates the implementation of new products or product changes/enhancements.- Ensures collaborative workflow and checks and balances are maintained at each stage of development by following Anthem’s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) approach.- Determines customer needs and preferences through research and analysis of industry technology, current processes and other methods.- Routinely tracks product and reports performance and relevant changes in the competitive environment.- Supports the development of short and long-term strategic product promotions in support of market, sales and profitability objectives.- Ensures products meet competitive and legislative needs.- Identifies operating requirements to support short and long-term product strategy.- Refines policies/process that increase speed and agility of our product development approachWork location - Office in one of the following locations:Atlanta, GA; Boston, MA; Costa Mesa, CA; Chicago, IL; New York City, NY; Thousand Oaks, CA; Woodland Hills, CAQualificationsRequires a BA/BS degree in a related field and 4-6 years of relevant industry experience (product/program management, product planning/strategy); or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background.- MBA preferred.- Experience working in the managed care / healthcare insurance industry strongly preferred.- Direct product management experience with digitally-enabled behavioral health, chronic condition, and/or women’s health is highly desirable.- Proven experience defining and managing cross-functional teams.- Demonstrated results in three or more of the following areas required: Product Development, Program Management, Market Strategy, Market Research or Risk Management.Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and has been named a 2019 Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.Share: mailApply Now >Please be advised that Anthem only accepts resumes from agencies that have a signed agreement with Anthem. Accordingly, Anthem is not obligated to pay referral fees to any agency that is not a party to an agreement with Anthem. Thus, any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Anthem.EEO is the LawEqualOpportunityEmployer/Disablity/VeteranPlease use the links below to review statements of protection from discrimination under Federal law for job applicants and employees.EEO Policy StatementEEO is the Law PosterEEO Poster Supplement-English VersionPay TransparencyPrivacy Notice for California ResidentsAnthem, Inc. is an E-verify Employer© 2005-2021 Anthem, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Click here if you are having technical difficultiesAnthem, Inc. is committed to helping individuals with disabilities participate in the workforce and ensuring equal opportunity to apply and compete for jobs. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process, please email Human Resources at [email protected] for further assistance.*WARNING: Please beware of phishing scams that solicit interviews or promote work-at-home opportunities, some of which may pose as legitimate companies. Please be advised that Anthem will never ask you for a credit card, send you a check, or ask you for any type of payment as part of consideration for employment with our company. If you feel that you have been the victim of a scam such as this, please report the incident to the Federal Trade Commission here by selecting the ‘Rip-offs and Imposter Scams’ option. Anthem requires a completed online application for consideration of employment for any position.LegalPrivacySite MapAbout AnthemStandard Code of Conduct"
