"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs9,030 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchDigital Media Spark Hive Cybersecurity Python Information Technology (IT)Refine by SkillsSQL (8) Computer Science (7) Data Science (7) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6) Data Analysis (6)Excel (5) Software Engineering (5) Data Management (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) ETL (3) Machine Learning (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3) Statistics (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisDemand Generation ManagerQuorum Analytics Washington D.C., DC, USAConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Dec 29, 2020Full-timeConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Senior Cyber Threat HunterPfizer Collegeville, PA, USAThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Software Engineer, Vehicle User Interface (C++)Tesla Austin, TX, USAThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Principal Data EngineerAmgen Tampa, FL, USAWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Senior Software Engineer/DeveloperFidelity Investments Westlake, TX, USAProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Database Platform EngineerTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Sr. Data Analyst, Commercial Service OperationsTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...HR Specialist (Data Scientist)icrunchdata Network Norfolk, VA, USADuties Help Duties Summary As our nation navigates the COVID-19 pandemic, CBP is committed to delivering our mission to safeguard America&39;s borders and enable legitimate trade and travel. Staffing mission critical positions remains a high priority. Be reassured that CBP is still hiring, despite potential hiring process step delays due to restrictions to in-person activities. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities Organizational Location: This position is with the Department of Homeland Security, within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Enterprise Services, Office of Human Resources Management, Talent Management Directorate, National Recruitment Division, located in Washington, DC. Limiting Number of Applicants: It is recommended that you apply as soon as possible in order to receive consideration as this announcement will close on 01/13/2021at 11:59 p.m. ET or on the day we receive 75 applicants (whichever comes first.) Joining the Customs and Border Protection,...Jan 17, 2021Duties Help Duties Summary As our nation navigates the COVID-19 pandemic, CBP is committed to delivering our mission to safeguard America&39;s borders and enable legitimate trade and travel. Staffing mission critical positions remains a high priority. Be reassured that CBP is still hiring, despite potential hiring process step delays due to restrictions to in-person activities. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities Organizational Location: This position is with the Department of Homeland Security, within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Enterprise Services, Office of Human Resources Management, Talent Management Directorate, National Recruitment Division, located in Washington, DC. Limiting Number of Applicants: It is recommended that you apply as soon as possible in order to receive consideration as this announcement will close on 01/13/2021at 11:59 p.m. ET or on the day we receive 75 applicants (whichever comes first.) Joining the Customs and Border Protection,...Sr SAP Basis Administratoricrunchdata Network Naples, FL, USARequisition ID: 46491 Title: SAP Basis Administrator Sr Division: Arthrex, Inc. (US01) Location: Naples, FL Main Objective: Maintains the life-cycle management of SAP systems, in a cloud environment, including but not limited to Suite on HANA/S/4 HANA, ECC HCM, GTS, BW on HANA, BOBJ, Lumira, TREX, TDMS, OpenText, Vertex, Vistex, Redwood RMJ, Fiori, SAP Gateway, NetWeaver Java AS, NetWeaver SSO, PI/PO and Solution Manager. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Applies standard SAP principles, concepts and techniques in system installation, monitoring performance, problem diagnosis and resolution. Demonstrates excellent tactical approaches that also reflect the strategic perspective of Arthrex. Administers all aspects of the systems listed above. This may include system installation, upgrades and application of patches (OSS notes, support packages, add-ons). Supports the technical implementation of the SAP system landscape as it evolves (i.e., development, test, staging and...Jan 17, 2021Requisition ID: 46491 Title: SAP Basis Administrator Sr Division: Arthrex, Inc. (US01) Location: Naples, FL Main Objective: Maintains the life-cycle management of SAP systems, in a cloud environment, including but not limited to Suite on HANA/S/4 HANA, ECC HCM, GTS, BW on HANA, BOBJ, Lumira, TREX, TDMS, OpenText, Vertex, Vistex, Redwood RMJ, Fiori, SAP Gateway, NetWeaver Java AS, NetWeaver SSO, PI/PO and Solution Manager. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Applies standard SAP principles, concepts and techniques in system installation, monitoring performance, problem diagnosis and resolution. Demonstrates excellent tactical approaches that also reflect the strategic perspective of Arthrex. Administers all aspects of the systems listed above. This may include system installation, upgrades and application of patches (OSS notes, support packages, add-ons). Supports the technical implementation of the SAP system landscape as it evolves (i.e., development, test, staging and...Vice President of Marketing Strategy & Analyticsicrunchdata Network Illinois Medical District, Chicago, IL, USAAEI’s Vice President (VP) of Marketing Strategy & Analytics will be responsible for planning, developing, implementing, and monitoring AEI’s overall business marketing strategy in support of AEI’s short-term objectives and long-term Strategic Plan. The VP will have an entrepreneurial mindset and will identify opportunities, direct growth efforts, and demonstrate ROI of marketing initiatives. The VP will empower and mentor the Marketing staff to deliver on the goals, objectives, and duties listed below. Specific duties may include: Enhance AEI’s current market presence and position AEI as a trusted advisor and showcase AEI’s company culture of empowered employee owners. KPIs may include number of leads through our website from social media posts, AEI leadership and technical expert appearance in publications or on panels, and company recognition (awards). Provide AEI’s sales team with marketing collateral that drives growth within their target lists. KPIs will be based on number...Jan 17, 2021AEI’s Vice President (VP) of Marketing Strategy & Analytics will be responsible for planning, developing, implementing, and monitoring AEI’s overall business marketing strategy in support of AEI’s short-term objectives and long-term Strategic Plan. The VP will have an entrepreneurial mindset and will identify opportunities, direct growth efforts, and demonstrate ROI of marketing initiatives. The VP will empower and mentor the Marketing staff to deliver on the goals, objectives, and duties listed below. Specific duties may include: Enhance AEI’s current market presence and position AEI as a trusted advisor and showcase AEI’s company culture of empowered employee owners. KPIs may include number of leads through our website from social media posts, AEI leadership and technical expert appearance in publications or on panels, and company recognition (awards). Provide AEI’s sales team with marketing collateral that drives growth within their target lists. KPIs will be based on number...Vice President of Marketing Strategy & Analyticsicrunchdata Network Los Angeles County, CA, USAAEI’s Vice President (VP) of Marketing Strategy & Analytics will be responsible for planning, developing, implementing, and monitoring AEI’s overall business marketing strategy in support of AEI’s short-term objectives and long-term Strategic Plan. The VP will have an entrepreneurial mindset and will identify opportunities, direct growth efforts, and demonstrate ROI of marketing initiatives. The VP will empower and mentor the Marketing staff to deliver on the goals, objectives, and duties listed below. Specific duties may include: Enhance AEI’s current market presence and position AEI as a trusted advisor and showcase AEI’s company culture of empowered employee owners. KPIs may include number of leads through our website from social media posts, AEI leadership and technical expert appearance in publications or on panels, and company recognition (awards). Provide AEI’s sales team with marketing collateral that drives growth within their target lists. KPIs will be based on number...Jan 17, 2021AEI’s Vice President (VP) of Marketing Strategy & Analytics will be responsible for planning, developing, implementing, and monitoring AEI’s overall business marketing strategy in support of AEI’s short-term objectives and long-term Strategic Plan. The VP will have an entrepreneurial mindset and will identify opportunities, direct growth efforts, and demonstrate ROI of marketing initiatives. The VP will empower and mentor the Marketing staff to deliver on the goals, objectives, and duties listed below. Specific duties may include: Enhance AEI’s current market presence and position AEI as a trusted advisor and showcase AEI’s company culture of empowered employee owners. KPIs may include number of leads through our website from social media posts, AEI leadership and technical expert appearance in publications or on panels, and company recognition (awards). Provide AEI’s sales team with marketing collateral that drives growth within their target lists. KPIs will be based on number...Director Technology Shared Servicesicrunchdata Network Illinois Medical District, Chicago, IL, USAThe Director, Technology Shared Services will be accountable for leading shared services across the technology organizations (Network, IS, EPM) of UScellular. Shared Services include functions related to governance, risk and compliance over financial processes, IT general controls, Sarbanes-Oxley (“SOX”) controls, security risks, audit action plans, and Federal / State regulatory compliance requirements. In addition, this role governs our portfolio telephone numbers to ensure availability for existing / new customers, including integration with billing systems and compliance/reporting to regulatory agencies. Agencies across four distinct disciplines: Planning, Management, Telephony Strategy and Number Management. Additionally, this role sets the direction for the highest priority Enterprise projects within the Engineering organization. Finally, this position is responsible for special projects, including complex strategic negotiations with the largest technology vendors, including...Jan 17, 2021The Director, Technology Shared Services will be accountable for leading shared services across the technology organizations (Network, IS, EPM) of UScellular. Shared Services include functions related to governance, risk and compliance over financial processes, IT general controls, Sarbanes-Oxley (“SOX”) controls, security risks, audit action plans, and Federal / State regulatory compliance requirements. In addition, this role governs our portfolio telephone numbers to ensure availability for existing / new customers, including integration with billing systems and compliance/reporting to regulatory agencies. Agencies across four distinct disciplines: Planning, Management, Telephony Strategy and Number Management. Additionally, this role sets the direction for the highest priority Enterprise projects within the Engineering organization. Finally, this position is responsible for special projects, including complex strategic negotiations with the largest technology vendors, including...Director, Business Development (IT Services, Software Development, Consulting and Solutions)icrunchdata Network Illinois Medical District, Chicago, IL, USAWe are looking for an exceptional Director, Business Development to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Core to this need are proven performance in areas of: Proven track record of closing $500K to $8M in IT / digital services per year, having demonstrated sales experience with custom application development / maintenance, IT consulting, eCommerce, mobility, or digital services. Must include new clients in addition to growing existing engagements. Skilled in all aspects of consultative sales and business development to include initiation, deal qualification, closure, and customer satisfaction / client management. Technical engineering background is a plus. A track record of opening new accounts and then growing them; and adeptness in building long term relationships versus taking a transactional approach and selling discrete, small chunks of business. Broad services experience across business development and delivery functions...Jan 17, 2021We are looking for an exceptional Director, Business Development to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Core to this need are proven performance in areas of: Proven track record of closing $500K to $8M in IT / digital services per year, having demonstrated sales experience with custom application development / maintenance, IT consulting, eCommerce, mobility, or digital services. Must include new clients in addition to growing existing engagements. Skilled in all aspects of consultative sales and business development to include initiation, deal qualification, closure, and customer satisfaction / client management. Technical engineering background is a plus. A track record of opening new accounts and then growing them; and adeptness in building long term relationships versus taking a transactional approach and selling discrete, small chunks of business. Broad services experience across business development and delivery functions...Director, Business Development (IT Services & Consulting)icrunchdata Network Miami-Dade County, FL, USAWe are looking for an exceptional Business Development and Growth Director to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Core to this need are proven performance in areas of: Proven track record of closing $1M to $8M in IT / digital services per year, having demonstrated sales experience with custom application development / maintenance, IT consulting, eCommerce, mobility, or digital services. Must include new clients in addition to growing existing engagements. Skilled in all aspects of consultative sales and business development to include initiation, deal qualification, closure, and customer satisfaction / client management. Technical engineering background is a plus. A track record of opening new accounts and then growing them; and adeptness in building long term relationships versus taking a transactional approach and selling discrete, small chunks of business. Broad services experience across business development and delivery...Jan 17, 2021We are looking for an exceptional Business Development and Growth Director to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Core to this need are proven performance in areas of: Proven track record of closing $1M to $8M in IT / digital services per year, having demonstrated sales experience with custom application development / maintenance, IT consulting, eCommerce, mobility, or digital services. Must include new clients in addition to growing existing engagements. Skilled in all aspects of consultative sales and business development to include initiation, deal qualification, closure, and customer satisfaction / client management. Technical engineering background is a plus. A track record of opening new accounts and then growing them; and adeptness in building long term relationships versus taking a transactional approach and selling discrete, small chunks of business. Broad services experience across business development and delivery...Director, Technology Risk Consultingicrunchdata Network San Francisco, CA, USARSM has an exceptional career opportunity available for an experienced Director to join our Risk Consulting practice on the West Coast as a part of our Technology Risk Consulting Solution Set. RSM Risk Consulting directors are experienced senior managers and leaders seeking career growth, practice development, and accelerated leadership opportunities within an exciting, growing consulting practice. They are leaders who appreciate the opportunity to build teams, develop people, and serve clients in a dynamic fast-paced environment while simultaneously pursuing their career goals while also experiencing a rewarding work-life balance. Our clients depend upon effective risk management, internal audit, and governance over their enterprise- wide information technology in order to achieve their business objectives. Our Risk Consulting Technology Risk Consulting (TRC) professionals serve dynamic middle-market and other large complex organizations seeking to create and preserve value while...Jan 17, 2021RSM has an exceptional career opportunity available for an experienced Director to join our Risk Consulting practice on the West Coast as a part of our Technology Risk Consulting Solution Set. RSM Risk Consulting directors are experienced senior managers and leaders seeking career growth, practice development, and accelerated leadership opportunities within an exciting, growing consulting practice. They are leaders who appreciate the opportunity to build teams, develop people, and serve clients in a dynamic fast-paced environment while simultaneously pursuing their career goals while also experiencing a rewarding work-life balance. Our clients depend upon effective risk management, internal audit, and governance over their enterprise- wide information technology in order to achieve their business objectives. Our Risk Consulting Technology Risk Consulting (TRC) professionals serve dynamic middle-market and other large complex organizations seeking to create and preserve value while...Director,SAP C-FIN (Central Finance)icrunchdata Network New York, NY, USAProvide Solution Architecture advisory services to clients in the area of SAP C-FIN/Central Finance Lead highly skilled client and KPMG work teams throughout the project lifecycle by leveraging SAP services and helping to ensure timely execution of project deliverables Lead key business development activities for our SAP (ERP) advisory service offerings, including targeting key C- level clients, proposing services, and closing opportunities on SAP engagements Interact with client CFOs, Controllers and CIOs to establish client value propositions that tie financial metrics directly to operations business system improvement Participate in continual development and publication of thought leadership and service offerings as well as assist partners with practice administration including resource allocation, career development of staff, and other people management decisions Fulfill all Financial and Risk management responsibilities on each client engagement Qualifications A minimum of...Jan 17, 2021Provide Solution Architecture advisory services to clients in the area of SAP C-FIN/Central Finance Lead highly skilled client and KPMG work teams throughout the project lifecycle by leveraging SAP services and helping to ensure timely execution of project deliverables Lead key business development activities for our SAP (ERP) advisory service offerings, including targeting key C- level clients, proposing services, and closing opportunities on SAP engagements Interact with client CFOs, Controllers and CIOs to establish client value propositions that tie financial metrics directly to operations business system improvement Participate in continual development and publication of thought leadership and service offerings as well as assist partners with practice administration including resource allocation, career development of staff, and other people management decisions Fulfill all Financial and Risk management responsibilities on each client engagement Qualifications A minimum of...Director – Application Information Services – HR And Corporateicrunchdata Network Parsippany-Troy Hills, NJ, USATiffany & Co. is currently seeking a Director – Application Information Services focusing on global, enterprise application solutions. The primary purpose of this position is to partner with the Finance, Human Resources, Workforce Management, and other Corporate supporting business teams to identify opportunities, requirements and new technology solutions to support the growth of business partner initiatives and programs. This roll is accountable for development and support for enterprise software solutions (both packaged and custom developed applications). Specific accountabilities include providing for IT strategy, delivery and support of Finance, Human Resources and other support Corporate systems globally for an iconic brand. Responsibilities Lead major business partner technology initiatives bringing modern best practice delivery methodologies. This includes a new HR (Oracle HCM) implementation and a Kronos Workforce Management rollout in addition to other Corporate...Jan 17, 2021Tiffany & Co. is currently seeking a Director – Application Information Services focusing on global, enterprise application solutions. The primary purpose of this position is to partner with the Finance, Human Resources, Workforce Management, and other Corporate supporting business teams to identify opportunities, requirements and new technology solutions to support the growth of business partner initiatives and programs. This roll is accountable for development and support for enterprise software solutions (both packaged and custom developed applications). Specific accountabilities include providing for IT strategy, delivery and support of Finance, Human Resources and other support Corporate systems globally for an iconic brand. Responsibilities Lead major business partner technology initiatives bringing modern best practice delivery methodologies. This includes a new HR (Oracle HCM) implementation and a Kronos Workforce Management rollout in addition to other Corporate...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
