"JOBS - PRO-REALESTATE.be - Belgium's showcase for Real Estate and Property Management Best PracticesNEWSAGENDAJOBSNEWSLETTER<You are here : HOME > JOBS >JobsTeam Manager Real Estate ExpansionColruyt Group recherche constamment de nouveaux emplacements pour ses magasins. Nos responsables expansion prospectent le marché immobilier, mènent les négociations et gèrent le patrimoine existant. En tant que team manager, vous dirigez cette équipe de premier plan. Un travail avec influence !Nos responsables expansion recherchent des emplacements susceptibles d’accueillir de nouveaux magasins ou des extensions de magasins existants, pour ...| 11-01-21Building Project ManagerLes ressources humaines sont notre premier capital. La sérénité est un facteur de succès pour l’individu et pour l’entreprise. Travailler chez AREMIS, c’est partager des valeurs pour contribuer à la tranquillité d'esprit de nos clients et de nos équipes.❗ #AREMIS recruteert ! #Buildingprojectmanager⚙ AREMIS is actief op zoek naar een ervaren Building project manager | specifieke kennis met betrekking ...| 11-01-21Real Estate DeveloperUpgrade Estate develops and manages real estate projects for students and young professionals. It focuses on investors as well as tenants. We are best known as a student housing provider with our 'Upkot'​ brand, which is part of our Belgian operation. We are also fully committed to positioning new brands, such as 'Upliving'​, an urban living concept for young ...| 11-01-21Project Engineer Real EstateCyclops offers to industrial companies complete engineering, procurement and project management (EPCM) services “from your first idea to start-up”.As a flexible and independent partner, we analyze and realize every project in close relationship with you, taking ownership of the project, applying an integrated project approach and dedicating only the appropriate resources with the right experience and skills.The successful application ...| 11-01-21Real Estate Asset ManagerASCENCIO est une SIR (Société Immobilière Réglementée) spécialisée dans l'investissement en surfaces commerciales situées en périphérie des villes. L'entreprise est active en Belgique, en France et en Espagne.En tant qu’Asset Manager, vous êtes responsable de la gestion, la valorisation et l’optimalisation des actifs commerciaux ainsi que de la relation avec nos retailers. Pour ce faire, vous travaillez en étroite collaboration ...| 06-01-21Junior Associate Real EstateOperating in over thirty countries - and at the forefront of our industry - Allen & Overy is one of the world's leading law firms. The work we do makes headlines, breaks new ground and sets precedents. Ambitious, creative and inclusive, we embrace new ways of thinking. That's why we've been named the Most Innovative Law Firm in Europe ...| 06-01-21Manager Corporate Real Estate and Portfolio StrategyOur leading Real Estate Advisory team offers a breadth of capability and an innovative approach unequalled in the market. We combine property services with financial and business advisory expertise to deliver integrated solutions, we apply a depth of insight drawn from our understanding of all industries, sectors and asset classes.Our solutions and services include:portfolio strategy, real ...| 06-01-21Property Manager GlobalBemchimmo Group is the sister company of the Puratos Group.Bemchimmo Group, specialized in Real Estate and based in Groot-Bijgaarden (near Brussels), detains some commercial and industrial premises used by Puratos.Several new projects are ongoing in the near and long-term. The value and size of this portfolio is therefore expected to significantly increase over the coming years.The Technical ...| 05-01-21Page 1 of 2 1 2 >>Making the NewsMore energy and prosperity in the Sablon neighbourhood with the Lebeau projectAgendaMIPIM 2021FR - Cannes, Palais des Festivals09-06-21 - 10-06-21REALTYBE - Brussels - Gare Maritime / Tour & Taxis16-11-21 - 17-11-21© Copyright 2021 Business Interactive Media • • With the support of the editorial team of Pro-Realestate.beDevelopment by ICI Solutions"
