"job opening - EMEA service & outsourcing project manager - Poznań, Wielkopolskie | RandstadEnglishPolskiУкраїнськаcontact usработа в Польшеrandstad worldwiderandstad logojob seekeremployersabout usfind a jobsubmit your CVareas of expertiseour officesbenefitsITPolskiEnglishУкраїнськаWarning: Javascript disabledNote: our system indicates that Javascript is disabled or not supported by your browser. In order to take advantage of full functionality of this site, javascript must be enabled. Please change your browser options.emea service & outsourcing project manager, poznańposted14.01.2021locationpoznań, wielkopolskiejob typepermanentapply nowjob detailsposted14.01.2021poznań, wielkopolskievacancies1experience levelpowyżej 24 miesięcyjob typepermanentjob categoryFinance & Economicscontract typeumowa o pracęworking timepełen etatwork systempodstawowycontactzuzanna sobiech+48 667580031reference number/44/11/2020/ZS - 66455apply nowsend this job offer by e-mail print this job offerjob descriptionOur client is establishing a Finance Shared service center organization supporting all units globally. We have an exciting future ahead of us towards a clear Finance strategy road map. Finance will have a powerful role related to a lean, efficient and digital environment, and we are aiming to be in the frontline of next-generation Business Finance.Are you looking for a new job? Do you enjoy working as a team player in an international environment? Do you want to be part of a highly engaged team, with nice colleagues? Come and join us! Help us create a new SSC in Poznan!what we offera job in an international environment, new SSC (historical Swedish company with a lot of opportunities in the future)very attractive salarycontract of employmenta chance to be a part of a diverse workforce where you get to face exciting challenges and varied tasksyour tasksmanaging customer relationships and expectations across services (BPO + inhouse), developing and maintain service catalogue and service level agreementsreviewing and maintaining the global services management frameworkidentyfing exceptions to the quality of service delivered and facilitate work to identify root causes and resolutionssuccessfully introducing new services to BPO or inhouse, develops business cases for new serviceswhat we expectuniversity degree in Accounting or Finance equivalent10+ years of professional experience within finance including experience of working within the area of service management and or outsourcing experiencebroad understanding and knowledge of Shared Services customer, product and service portfoliostrong interest and understanding of current and future Processes, Concepts and Systemshigh-level of communication, negotiation, networking and teaming skillsfluent in English is a requirement﻿﻿﻿﻿Agencja zatrudnienia – nr wpisu 47related jobsstażysta w dziale hr22 January 2021 Poznań praca tymczasowaWierzysz, że dzięki innowacjom i osiągnięciom naukowym można poprawiać jakość życia ludzi, by mogli osiągać więcej, czuć się lepiej i żyć dłużej? Ważne jest dla Ciebie, aby ...view jobksięgowy/a21 January 2021 Warszawa praca tymczasowajeśli lubisz pracę z dokumentami, kwestie rozliczania podatków są dla Ciebie codziennością i chciałbys/abyś podjąć pracę w dynamicznej, międzynarodowej firmie, zaaplikuj! ...view jobsenior financial analyst21 January 2021 Warszawa PermanentWould you like to pursue your career in a leading global financial institution? Do you enjoy doing project work? Are you already experienced in areas such as balance sheet, income ...view jobjob seekerfind a jobsubmit you cvareas of expertiseour officesработа в Польшеemployersrecriutmentpayroll solutions outsourcingtransport outsourcingemployee outsourcinghr consultancyit outsourcingcontactabout randstadour historyour sponsorshipsrandstad worldwidespokeperson contactcontact ussearchLinkedInYoutubeFacebookTwittercontact uscookiesmisconduct reporting procedureprivacy noticebest business practicesRandstad Polska Sp. z o.o. is limited company with registered number 0000157531.Registered adress of Randstad Polska Sp. z o.o. is al. Jerozolimskie 134, 02-305 Warszawa.RANDSTAD, HUMAN FORWARD and SHAPING THE WORLD OF WORK are registered trademarks of Randstad N.V.Development and Hosting by Bit Agencysearch this sitejob seeker togglefind a jobsubmit your CVareas of expertiseour officesbenefitsITemployers togglerecruitmentpayroll solutions outsourcingtransport outsourcingemployee outsourcingHR consultancyIT outsourcingcontactabout us togglerandstad historyour sponsorshipsrandstad worldwidemediacontact us"
