"How to Meditate on the Breath / Yogi with a Day JobPAGESHomeAbout CathyStart HereShop for StuffDeepen Your PracticeCATEGORIESLABELScompassionlifestylemeditationminimalismpracticepranayamayoga principlesHow to Meditate on the BreathMost Americans discover yoga on the physical side which produces a number of benefits, but the point of yoga—according to the Patanjali who wrote the Yoga Sutra—is to still the motions of the mind.While the poses (asana) can engage our mind and make us more focused, it is the breath that brings about the state change internally.If you don't currently have a meditation practice, one of the simplest ones to begin is to focus on your breathing. Doing this for as little as two minutes a day can have a profound influence on your well being.How to meditate on the breath1. Sit quietly with your spine straight. (For more on finding a comfortable position, read this article by Anne Cushman.)2. Set a timer for 2 minutes, then set it aside so that you don't have to keep track.3. Close your eyes and inhale for a count of four.4. Now, exhale for a count of four.5. Quietly, place all of your attention on the breath and keep your inhalation and exhalation at even length.6. If your mind wanders, simply bring your attention back to the breath without judgement.What typically happens when you first start meditating on the breath1. Sit quietly with your spine straight.Am I doing this right? How do I know if my spine is really straight? Should I go look in a mirror?It's okay. Just sit tall.2. Set a timer for 2 minutes, then set it aside so that you don't have to keep track.Alexa, set a timer for two minutes.3. Close your eyes and inhale for a count of four.How fast should I be counting? Am I doing this right?If that feels too short, make it slightly longer. Just pick something that works for you where you feel fully inhaled without straining.4. Now, exhale for a count of fourMmmmmm....5. Quietly, place all of your attention on the breath and keep your inhalation and exhalation at even length.Look at me breathing deeply and evenly...1,2,3,4...1,2,3,4... I wonder if I remembered that thing that I was supposed to do for work. Oh no, is it Gemma's birthday tomorrow? Are we out of oranges?ARGH!!!!I knew I couldn't do this meditation stuff. How can you suck at meditation???!!!Just release your thoughts and go back to breathing and counting. Deeply and slowly.6. If your mind wanders, simply bring your attention back to the breath without judgement.How did she know my mind was going to wander?All of our minds wander. It is why this is a meditation p.r.a.c.t.i.c.e.Meditation is simple, but profound. And the more you practice, the easier it becomes.meditationTWITTERFACEBOOKPINTERESTNo commentsPost a CommentTO THE PRESENT·TO THE PASTSubscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)PROFILE PHOTOChoose joy, meaning, and freedom in a world of demands.POPULAR POSTSHow to Label Yoga Mats and BlocksYoga Energetics | Langhana13 Things You Need to Know If Your Partner's Training to be a Yoga TeacherThe Niyamas | SvadhyayaHow to Re-engage our Practice when We've Neglected ItSEARCHARCHIVESARCHIVES March 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) November 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (2) September 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) March 2015 (3) January 2015 (1) September 2013 (8)© 2015 Cathy Hutchison. Reuse permitted with credit and link to original. Powered by Blogger.© Yogi with a Day JobMaira Gall"
