"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesOther 1253 Retail 1245 Professional Services 928 Health Care 891 Nurse 887 Education 886Nonprofit - Social Services 886 Engineering 96 Defense 66 Construction 58 Business 43 Veterinary Services 41 Accounting 31 Manufacturing 11 Science 11 Sales 10MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 13 Intern 2Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 2 $75,000 - $100,000 2 $100,000 - $150,000 2 $150,000 - $200,000 2Management Customer Service Installation - Maint - Repair Supply Chain Automotive Architecture Logistics Distribution - Shipping Skilled Labor Information Technology (IT) Pennsylvania976 jobs foundJan 18, 2021DevOps Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $150,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/758D1ov7CN/Devops-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. Carnegie Robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Embedded Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $165,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: http://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Cloud Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/sAoG44WA5Z/Cloud-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. As a cloud...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeOct 15, 2020Admin Coordinator-Philadelphia, PA FeaturedThe American College of Physicians (ACP) is looking for a full-time Administrative Coordinator in its Medical Education division. ACP, a national organization of internists with headquarters in Philadelphia, is the largest medical specialty organization and the second-largest physician group in the United States with more than 159,000 members worldwide. The Administrative Coordinator provides general administrative support to several senior leaders and other staff within the fast-paced Medical Education division. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Maintaining calendars, arranging meetings, preparing materials, coordinating travel arrangements, and tracking and submitting expenses for reimbursement Coordinating logistics related to Education Committee meetings and other events, including securing locations, sending out invitations, preparing agendas, taking minutes, and tracking deliverables Working with the Manager, Grant Projects & Administration...American College of Physicians Philadelphia, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 23, 2021Program ManagerOverview The Program Manager is responsible for implementing and administering one or more corporate programs, typically consisting of multiple projects or sub-projects. Within Black Box, a \"program\" is defined as either a) a collection of related projects with a common purpose and strategic goal, or b) a large complex delivery engagement that involves a high degree of complexity. A \"program\" can be dedicated to one client or can span across multiple clients. The Program Manager has ultimate accountability for the successful delivery of assigned programs & projects, where success is defined as on schedule, on budget, within the approved scope, with a high degree of quality, and a satisfied client. The Program Manager serves as the main point of contact with the client and provides overall leadership across Black Box's multiple organizations to successfully deliver to our clients. https://www.bboxservices.com/ Responsibilities Execute NACS PMO standards, processes...Black Box Pennsylvania, USAJan 23, 2021Quality Engineering InternOverview The Quality Engineer intern will work within the Technology Product Solutions division of Black Box and assist in process improvement, automation, writing macros, setting up quality metrics and reporting and will get exposure to KPI's for managing hardware. Responsibilities Understand and apply problem solving, root cause analysis, and solution validation. Understand and apply failure mode & effects analysis, control plans, sampling plans, and statistical analysis. Assist in developing control plans. Understand and apply measurement and test techniques. Measurement and test product, and record results without supervision. Understand quality management systems and ISO 9001:2015. Understand auditing and conduct audits. Successfully conduct audits as a support auditor. Understand and apply lean concepts. Complete improvement project utilizing lean methodology. Create and deliver presentations summarizing what was learned, how it was applied, and any results....Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Digital Marketing InternOverview The Digital Marketing intern will work within the Marketing Department to understand and execute upon digital strategies that drive activity and growth. This position will be exposed to several facets of Digital Marketing with the opportunity to make valuable contributions to our digital marketing workflows. Responsibilities INTERNSHIP DETAILS & RESPONSIBILITIES: The Intern will be assigned a Coach and Mentor to guide them through their experience. The Intern will be assigned a project which will be presented to Black Box Management at the conclusion of the Internship. Will support the web team by managing and organizing website content, and assets across all countries. Create and schedule social media posts. Organize asset library (Creative Hub). Audit website for gaps. TRAINING OVERVIEW: Opportunities to learn about different areas of the Telecomm business. On-the-Job training with assignments guided by an individual Mentor/supervisor. Online,...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021CW - AssemblerOverview Assembler - Disassembles and/or assembles technical equipment. Reads and interprets instructions, assembly parts and tools, and fits electronic components together with a focus on quality and efficiency. Pull & pack parts for manufacturing team. Top Skills Needed: Quick Learner Reliable Flexible Standard Hours: Mon - Friday 7:00am-3:30pm (OT possible, but voluntary) Currently a Short term contract with possible extension(s) depending on workload Candidate Selection process: 1st - phone interview with Kevin Funkhouser (Director of Manufacturing Operations) & Pam Johnson (Production Supervisor). Mgr will call candidate 2nd - In Person with Kevin Funkhouser (Director of Manufacturing Operations) & Pam Johnson (Production Supervisor) Responsibilities Pulls/pack parts Cable assembly Performs a variety of tasks to assemble components, subassemblies, products, or systems in fiber optic or cable assembly. This may be accomplished through rotation of...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Remote Sr. Sales Engineer- UCaas/CXOverview The Remote UCaas/CX Sr. Sales Engineer (SE) is a key contributor to Black Box Network Services' Enterprise Solution Engineering practice. The SE will need to leverage a healthy balance of technical and sales skills in a very dynamic and fast pace environment. The SE is an integral part of both the strategic sales process and ensuring post sale solution adoption. Leveraging (Company) innovative solution portfolio, the primary objective is providing technical thought leadership for our largest and most complex unified communication and collaboration opportunities. The primary customer interaction for this role is with C-Level executives, technology management and line of business owners. Avaya, Ring Central, Genesys, InContact or Cisco technologies preferred. www.bboxservices.com Preferred locations: Dallas, Raleigh, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Phoenix or any SouthWest location. Responsibilities As a Sales Engineer (SE), you will be the lead technical evangelist...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Remote Pre-Sales Solutions Architect - WIFIOverview The Solution Architect's (SA's) role is one of a pre-sales resource to utilize their technology background to lead the consultative discovery of the client/prospect's business goals, objectives, and challenges and to translate them into effective WiFi technology solutions. The SA plays a leadership role, by analyzing business requirements, presenting related solutions, and driving the business case and financial justifications. Qualified candidates will possess deep experience in the communications and/or network industry in a sales-oriented, technical solution design and architecture role, with an emphasis on various Wi-Fi network architectures, www.bboxservices.com Preferred locations: Dallas, Raleigh, San Francisco/Bay Area, Chicago, Atlanta, Minneapolis, Pittsburgh, Phoenix, Seattle Remote available for the right candidate. Responsibilities Develop Wi-Fi solutions and strategies Serve as a deal architect for multi-faceted, multi-technology solutions...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 21, 2021Chief of Staff DoctorSUMMARY OF JOB PURPOSE AND FUNCTION The primary purpose and function of the Chief of Staff is to manage the hospital and ensure the highest quality of veterinary care, exceptional client service, associate engagement and maximum productivity of the veterinary medical team. This position advocates for pets and their quality of life; builds a long term bonding relationship with clients; contributes to the development and maintenance of the human-pet bond; educates clients and hospital associates on all aspects of pet health. The Chief of Staff partners with the Practice Manager (if applicable) to operate an effective and productive veterinary medical team, ensure a safe and engaging hospital environment, and improve both the medical quality and business performance of the hospital. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS The ratio of time spent on leadership duties and practicing veterinarian responsibilities will vary depending on the hospital situation; the Chief of Staff must...Banfield Pet Hospital Pittsburgh, PA, USAJan 20, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001579Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stroudsburg, PA 18360, USAJan 20, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001579Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stroudsburg, PA 18360, USAJan 19, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 000560Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital North Wales, PA 19454, USAJan 18, 2021Maintenance Technician Washington, PA Requisition Number: MAINT01520CLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://recruiting.ultipro.com/SPR1005/JobBoard/17902b3d-1500-1fbc-82f1-12a85d5288ed/OpportunityDetail?opportunityId=6b9c5873-8de8-41d4-b87f-bde994d98d9e Maintenance Technician Job Category : Sprague PA Transport Requisition Number : MAINT01520 Posting Details Full-Time Locations Showing 1 location Washington, PA Job Details Description Major Duties / Responsibilities: Respond quickly in the event of an emergency, notify appropriate personnel Conduct maintenance of electrical systems Survey buildings and repair mechanical systems to ensure they are consistent with health and safety regulations Survey tanks, pumps, meters, piping and electrical systems to ensure they are consistent with DEP and EPA regulations/compliance Develop and implement preventative maintenance procedures Work with HSE Manager to conduct safety checks...Sprague Operating Resources LLC Washington, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics is seeking creative, energetic and driven Software Engineers with strong hands-on development skills to work on a variety of interesting and challenging robotics perception and control projects. This position provides the opportunity to join a team of talented veterans in the robotics field and program advanced sensors and autonomous robots from the ground up. The ideal applicant for this position has brains, creativity, and strong experience developing and testing software for robotics and/or sensing applications. We seek candidates who take pride in building solid, rigorously tested systems. Experience and interest in production-level coding and testing methods is a plus for this position. Responsibilities and Duties Create software for robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Technical Program Manager Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/SX304bAxJz/Technical-Program-Manager As a Technical Program Manager, you will be collaborating with an energetic and motivated, multi-disciplinary team to develop reliable robotic and automation systems for a wide range of real-world commercial products and R&D applications. You will serve as interpreter of many languages: translating technical details to customers and expressing the customers’ needs to your technical team. You will provide the technical guidance needed to move a project from the concept phase, through prototype development, and into production. This requires a unique skill set involving systems engineering, risk and requirements management, in coordination with customer facing program management skills. The Technical Program Manager has the responsibility to move from planning and management to hands-on technical...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Diesel & Hydraulic Mechanic II Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/JoRHqfesgj/Diesel-Hydraulic-Mechanic-II Urgently Hiring Fantastic opportunity for a career pivot, high starting pay rate, and great benefits! Carnegie Robotics Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Engineering Technician United States Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/4B9gDWVOLe/Engineering-Technician Job Title: Engineering Technician Executive Summary Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for assembly, testing, and troubleshooting electromechanical product. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be required to problem solve, applying electrical and mechanical...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Engineering Technician Internship Spring & Summer 2021 Pittsburgh, PAEngineering Technician Internship Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. CRL is looking to add a current student or immediate graduate to their Engineering Technician (ET) team in an internship role. The ET team is responsible for assembly, testing, and troubleshooting electromechanical product. In addition this position will be required to problem solve, applying electrical and mechanical knowledge to solve technical challenges, and strive to bring CRL's product offerings to the highest level of quality, reliability and value. Intern will learn to use various machines and gain...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA InternLoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
