"Environment Artist (Star Wars Team) at Electronic ArtsSelect LanguageEnglish Spanish French German Chinese Italian Japanese Korean Polish Romanian SwedishSearchEnvironment Artist (Star Wars Team)Location: Los Angeles, California, United StatesApplyNoticeThis position is no longer posted.Requisition Number: 162888Position Title: Artist 2External Description:Respawn Entertainment is hiring! Learn more about our studio and values at respawn.com/studio.We are seeking a highly skilled Environment Artist to join our Star Wars team. Our ideal candidate has experience as a member of a AAA game team from concept to ship, as well as a rich portfolio which showcases their ability to create high quality, highly detailed in-game environments and props. We’re picturing someone with strong world-building sensibilities who can embrace our philosophy and share their hard earned expertise to create an incredible experience for our players.What’s it like to be an Environment Artist at Respawn?Day to Day - As an Environment Artist you will create high quality, visually appealing 3D environments and assets for use in game. You will own your work from start to finish, while also collaborating with other artists, designers, and leads to ensure the work fits into the vision for art direction and ultimate gameplay goals.Creative Freedom - We believe that when developers have creative freedom and work together they will make extraordinary games that achieve the unexpected. As a Senior Environment Artist, you will be thriving to bring life and excitement to the game through your design and implementation of high quality, believable 3D environments and assets. Ensure that art assets are performant, and fit within their memory budgets. Fix bugs as needed. Conduct research for reference material, participate in photo shoots and help build our texture library.Ownership - Our teams are small and everyone has a lot of ownership over their work. Our Senior Environment Artists own their individual levels from blockout to shipping. As part of a small team you will have the opportunity to shine here.Feel - Our studio puts a big emphasis on fun gameplay. We want responsive, immersive gameplay that just feels right. Every detail matters - whether it’s the way a player experiences traversing across a cliffside, the way a weapon feels amazing to use, the way embodying a character can make a player feel powerful and smart, to the way an astonishing moment can leave a player breathless; it’s all crafted with purpose. All disciplines in game development are accountable to the gameplay a player experiences - and our game designers are key in ensuring the best feel possible.Collaboration - Our Environment team collaborates with multiple disciplines on a daily basis to share ideas, iterate, and problem solve. The work of our Environment Artist has an impact on others, and they anticipate and communicate any changes that may affect schedules and workloads for our downstream disciplines.What do we look for in Environment Art candidates?You’ve Made Stuff You Are Proud Of - We would like to see portfolios of highly detailed 3D art with a focus on environments and variety of subject matter (buildings, props, natural landscapes, etc.) Portfolio should show quality, taste, and ability to hit a photorealistic/believable look. If your portfolio includes work that you developed as part of a team, we’d like to know the specifics of what you contributed versus what was handled by others.Passion - We look for Environment Artists who are highly passionate. Our team is constantly sharing inspiration and working to raise the quality bar. No one is phoning it in here – our team loves what they do and it shows in their work.Potential Over Experience – We value talent over years of experience. Experience counts, but potential is important too. We look for motivated people with a strong sense of design and quality.Teamplayer – The ability to accept feedback and critiques will help you tailor your work towards what’s best for the game. We look for Environment Artists who demonstrate openness to team members’ ideas, incorporating suggestions to tailor your work towards what’s best for the game. Making games is a group effort and you will work closely with other accomplished departments that are experts in what they do. Teamwork is very important to our success.Ideally, you also will have...3+ years professional experience as a 3D Artist for games, ideally with experience in a Senior level role.Fluency in Maya, Substance, Zbrush, and PhotoshopStrong understanding of scale, proportion, and surface properties.Strong understanding of game engine tools and pipelines such as UE4, Unity, Maya, and other proprietary tools.Ability to polish gameplay moments and environments to a AAA quality.If this opportunity sounds like a great fit for you, please submit your resume and portfolio and we will get back to you once we have reviewed!In addition to opportunities for creative impact and professional growth which come with being a member of our team, working at Respawn has many other perks and benefits! Learn more at respawn.com/perks.City:State:Community / Marketing Title: Environment Artist (Star Wars Team)Company Profile:Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets.EEOText: About EA At Electronic Arts, we exist to Inspire the World to Play. We create extraordinary new game experiences for our millions of players everywhere by bringing together talented people that combine creativity, innovation, and passion. We know that our strength lies in the diversity of our people. We immerse our employees into an inclusive culture, and provide opportunities for learning and leading that allow them to do the most impactful and rewarding work of their careers. We put our people first. We provide comprehensive benefit packages with a focus on health and wellbeing to support your needs and help you balance your career and personal life. We provide access to dynamic and collaborative work environments, opportunities to connect and contribute through our Employee Resource Groups, and support for a balanced life with paid time off and maternity and paternity leave, plus free video games and so much more! Electronic Arts is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Electronic Arts also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.Date Opened: 2020-10-30 22:37:13.19EEO Employer Verbiage:About EAAt Electronic Arts, we exist to Inspire the World to Play. We create extraordinary new game experiences for our millions of players everywhere by bringing together talented people that combine creativity, innovation, and passion. We know that our strength lies in the diversity of our people. We immerse our employees into an inclusive culture, and provide opportunities for learning and leading that allow them to do the most impactful and rewarding work of their careers.We put our people first. We provide comprehensive benefit packages with a focus on health and wellbeing to support your needs and help you balance your career and personal life. We provide access to dynamic and collaborative work environments, opportunities to connect and contribute through our Employee Resource Groups, and support for a balanced life with paid time off and maternity and paternity leave, plus free video games and so much more!Electronic Arts is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Electronic Arts also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.Other JobsHard Surface Artist - ContractLos Angeles, California, United StatesLead 3D ArtistLos Angeles, California, United StatesTechnical ArtistShanghai, Shanghai, ChinaCharacter Modeler - Blendshape ArtistVancouver, British Columbia, CanadaOutsourcing Character Review Artist – MaxisRedwood City, California, United StatesSearchClick here to view our Data Privacy Policy. .google-site-verification: google7f7a22bb8fdf2c3d.html"
