"Jobs in douglasuk.jobsaved.comBy EmployerBy DesignationBy LocationContact usSearch Jobs in| | | Sort By Relevance| DateJobs in douglasHome >>Jobs by CityTotal Records found - 231 ] Sea Fisheries Officer - Limited Term Appointment Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :This post is a limited term appointment until 30 April 2022 About the role and our team An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Fisheries Officer within the Sea Fisheries Enforcement Team. As part of your role, you will be working on both land and at sea on the Fishery protection vessel Barrule, ensuring compliance with sea fisheries legislation and carrying out sampling work on behalf of the Government laboratory. Working as part of a small team, your main responsibilities will include: Partic31 Oct 20202 ] Supervision Officer - Non Life Insurance Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :The Authority is seeking to fill the role of Supervision Officer within the Non Life Insurance Team. The position is for an initial term of two years. The successful candidate will possess: General administration including filing, data input, processing of documents received, attending meetings and minute taking. Assist with processing of regulatory returns of regulated entities. Assist with administration of new licence applications, changes in existing permissions and termination of licences.31 Oct 20203 ] Clinical Senior Secretary - Limited Term Appointment Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :This post is a limited term appointment for 12 months About the role and our team The Clinical Administration Team are looking for a motivated and professional Clinical Senior Secretary to primarily support Orthopaedics & Trauma. This is a part time post with a working pattern of 8:30am - 1:30pm Monday to Friday, but hours will be discussed at interview. As part of your role you will provide full senior secretarial and administrative support using advanced computer skills including audio and cop31 Oct 20204 ] Generic Therapy Assistant - Band Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team Join our dynamic therapy team as a Band 3 Generic Therapy Assistant! The role consists of supporting the qualified therapists (Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapists, Speech and Language Therapists and Dieticians) in the clinical field of surgical and orthopaedics. Your duties will include completing treatment programs with patients, assisting in gym classes, mobilising patients on the ward and much more. You will be involved in many areas of service development wh31 Oct 20205 ] Matron - Surgical Services Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team Join our team as a Matron within the Surgical Division at Nobles Hospital on the Isle of Man! You will be responsible for the strategic development of nursing and quality, by taking the lead in developing nursing practice and new nursing roles, including the development of advanced clinical practice. You will work alongside the Clinical Director and Care Group Manager to provide assurance to the DHSC Board, ensuring systems of governance and performance management ar31 Oct 20206 ] Bar Staff (Bowling Green) - Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :OkellsDescription :Main Responsibilities Deliver excellent customer service, at all times. Serve and present beverages, quickly and efficiently by meeting our standards. Assist in keeping the bar, front-of-house and toilets clean and tidy, at all times. Keep up to date with current promotions and new products. Make customers aware of our great food and drink range. Speak to customers to ensure that they are satisfied with their meals. Maintain personal knowledge by completing in-house training. Always adhe21 Sep 20207 ] Scientific Officer (Chemistry) - Government Laboratory Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :Are you an enthusiastic Analytical Chemist looking for a role with variety? Join our team in the Government Laboratory on the Isle of Man! About the role and our team Our work directly contributes to ensuring that the Island's food and water supplies are safe and that the environment is protected, while also helping to support the local economy. If you're looking for a laboratory role where you can utilize your skills to benefit the public, this could be the perfect role for you. The Government16 Sep 20208 ] Temp Female Deckhand / Swimming assistant - DouglasEmployer :Döhle Yacht CrewDescription :We are looking for a Temp Female Deck Hand The candidate will be required to assist with Female Guest Swimming operations as well as performing standard deck hand duties. Due to Covid candidates in Europe and with European passports would be preferred. Contract details; Contract from 23st September 2020 – 31st October 2020 Salary – 3000 Euro’s per month Leave will accrue at 0.104 per day worked Accommodation – 2 Share Cabin Minimum Certification STCW Basic (including Proficiency in Securit01 Sep 20209 ] Bartender (The Railway & The Saddle) - DouglasEmployer :OkellsDescription :Main Responsibilities Deliver excellent customer service, at all times. Serve and present beverages, quickly and efficiently by meeting our standards. Assist in keeping the bar, front-of-house and toilets clean and tidy, at all times. Keep up to date with current promotions and new products. Make customers aware of our great food and drink range. Speak to customers to ensure that they are satisfied with their meals. Maintain personal knowledge by completing in-house training. Always adhe24 Aug 202010 ] Training Services Officer - Limited Term Appointment DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :This post is a limited term appointment for 12 months. About the role and our team Join our team as a Training Services Officer! Day to day you'll undertake of a variety of tasks to process applications made under the Department's Vocational Training Assistance Scheme (VTAS) and Apprenticeships/related schemes. You'll provide information and guidance to individuals and employers seeking training opportunities. Some of your main responsibilities will include: Processing applications under VTAS Mo22 Aug 202011 ] Regulatory Assistant - DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team We are looking to recruit a Regulatory Assistant to join our small, enthusiastic and friendly team at the Communications Commission. The main purpose of this varied role is to support the Communications Commission team in the day-to-day operational requirements of the office, and be the first point of contact for members of the public, Licensed Operators, Island businesses, Members of Tynwald, and other stakeholders. This vital post also provides secretarial and finan22 Aug 202012 ] Special Needs Lunchtime Assistant - University College Isle of Man Complex Needs Unit DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team Would you love to support children with severe and complex needs at University College Isle of Man (UCM) over the lunchtime period? Join our team today as a Special Needs Lunchtime Assistant within the Complex Needs Unit. You'll work under the supervision and guidance of our Unit Manager to support the needs of young adults, particularly students who require help to overcome barriers to learning. Students in specialist provision have significant learning difficulties22 Aug 202013 ] Domestic Assistant - DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team Join our team as a Domestic Assistant at Ramsey and District Cottage Hospital! Your main responsibilities will include: Using cleaning agents, materials and equipment throughout the Hospital Reporting all faults with materials or equipment to the Domestic Supervisor Maintaining good customer relations with patients, customers and colleagues Cleaning crockery, cutlery and food trolleys Carrying out “ad hoc” duties Ensuring occupied rooms/wards are cleaned in accordance22 Aug 202014 ] Customer Services Officer - DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team You’ll be joining a small team who deal with maintenance and repairs for the Islands social housing. You’ll be the friendly voice of the Housing Maintenance Team, taking calls, preparing for meetings and making visitors feel welcome. You’ll also undertake administrative duties for the Maintenance Team particularly monitoring, filing and reporting on cyclical maintenance matters. In addition you’ll provide administrative support to the House Improvement Adaptations Sch11 Aug 202015 ] Community Link Worker - Stewartry Castle Douglas DGEmployer :NHS Dumfries & GallowayDescription :This Community Link Worker role will be part of the Stewartry Health & Wellbeing Team and meet the needs of the new Scottish GP contract. The role will offer a structured person centred support to enable individuals in the community to make positive choices to maintain and improve their health and wellbeing. This approach supports the development of the knowledge, skills, social connections and resilience of individuals and communities to improve health and wellbeing and work towards reducing he06 Aug 202016 ] Student Awards Officer - DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team We are looking for a Student Awards Officer to join our friendly team within the Department of Education, Sport and Culture at Hamilton House. You'll provide a high quality service to students, their families and higher/further education institutions by processing applications for support and dealing with enquiries under the Student Awards Regulations. This is a varied role where no two days are the same; some of your main responsibilities include: Triaging applicatio25 Jul 202017 ] We are looking for a strong 2nd Stewardess for a 50m+ Sail Yacht - DouglasEmployer :Döhle Yacht CrewDescription :We are looking for a strong 2nd Stewardess for a great 50m+ Sail yacht You will need to have great experience as a 2nd stewardess for 2 years on a similar sized yacht or as a Chief on a smaller yacht as the plan is to promote on board You will need to be strong in service and be able to work on your own initiative as this is a very busy boat A plus would be wine knowledge, cocktail making, silver service, party organisation and also a good computer knowledge ENG1, STCW, B1/B2 and Food and Hygien23 Jul 202018 ] Personal Assistant - DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :About the role and our team We are looking for an enthusiastic Personal Assistant to join our team within the Department of Infrastructure. You will be joining our small central team consisting of 6 team members and will work closely with our part-time Senior Secretary. You will be responsible for a range of secretarial and administrative tasks to support the Chief Executive. Day to day your main responsibilities will include; dealing with incoming calls, proof reading documents, dealing with yo09 Jul 202019 ] Temp Second Officer - DouglasEmployer :Döhle Yacht CrewDescription :We are looking for a temporary 2nd Officer from 15th July for a 6 week + period on a 100m+ MY ENG1, STCW and OOW required Wage 4500 Leave 122 days22 Jun 202020 ] We are looking for a Second Officer for a 60m MY - DouglasEmployer :Döhle Yacht CrewDescription :We are in need of an experienced Second Officer for a lovely 60m MY Min OOW, STCW and ENG1 an advantage would be a Chief officer 3000 Ism/ ISPS experience also necessary This role would suit an experienced Officer who has at least 1-2 years as an officer on board yachts of a similar size as the role will require you to stand in for the Chief Officer when he is on leave. Start will be as soon as travel allows and wages will be Euro 5000 Leave is 91 days, however is to be taken as per the yac19 Jun 202021 ] Administrative Officer - Operations Division Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :The Authority is seeking an Administrative Officer within the Operations team. The Isle of Man Financial Services Authority is the regulatory body for the financial sector in the Isle of Man and regulates firms that are engaged in a range of financial activities, including insurance, pensions, banking, fiduciary services, fund administration and management and investment advice and management. The Authority is looking for an enthusiastic person to join its professional and supportive team. The r18 Jun 202022 ] Long Term Conditions Coordinator - Douglas Indeed.co.ukEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :Are you an experienced Nurse looking to develop within your career? We are looking for a Long Term Conditions Coordinator to join our Adult Community Nursing Team. As part of your role you will provide clinical case management for patients with multiple Long Term Conditions living in the community. Your focus will be on patients who are at risk of deteriorating health that may result in a declining quality of life or an avoidable hospital admission. You will combine multiple assessment skills to16 Jun 202023 ] Parliamentary Intern - DouglasEmployer :Isle of Man GovernmentDescription :(Limited Term Appointment - up to one year) Section: Tynwald Chamber and Information Service Grade: Intern Salary: £19,888 per annum (analogous to Isle of Man Civil Service Pay Band 4) Hours per week: 37 Responsible to: Head of Chamber and Information Service This one-year intern post is an initiative developed to provide an opportunity for training and gain experience of the full range of activities and services undertaken in a modern parliament. The post-holder will work primarily within the C09 Jun 2020| | |Jobs in UK Jobs in Canada Jobs in USA Jobs in Switzerland Jobs in Netherlands Jobs in Ireland Jobs in QatarJobs in South Africa Jobs in UAE Jobs in Singapore Jobs in Australia Jobs in Saudi Arabia Jobs in Kuwait Jobs in Malaysia"
