"Starting A Job Search When You Want More Responsibility - Capstone Search GroupToggle navigationJobsCareer Resource LibraryOur Blog: Capstone CornerFAQsMeet Our TeamPrevious PostOctober 23, 2020Starting A Job Search When You Want More Responsibilityby Amy StuntzNext PostJob burnout is real. A lack of motivation and feelings of frustration are signs that you need to change things up a bit. If your work is starting to feel mundane, it may be time to challenge yourself. Push yourself out of your comfort zone. You have two options to spice up your work career with more responsibilities:Option 1: Approach Your Current BossThis is a delicate situation. If you come across as unhappy your boss may feel like your employment is on borrowed time. The most opportune times to discuss career progression include:A Review Meeting– Ideally your annual performance review is near. Wait for that moment to discuss career progression. Ask your boss what they see for future growth given their knowledge of your strengths plus the growth of the company.Over Lunch– Coffee and lunch are a casual way to bring up your hopes and dreams. Talk about your plans for where you want your role, new challenges and compensation to come from.After A Client Meeting– You have a captive audience on the way home. Plus, you hope your boss is on Cloud 9 following a great client meeting. Use the recent client meeting as a case study for how you see more of X (client meetings, sales presentations, management duties) responsibilities in your future.Option 2: Start A Job SearchAssuming the talk with your boss was unsuccessful, or you’re so ‘over it’ at your current company you skip option one altogether, then it’s time to start a job search. To find a new position with the right company, ask the following questions in your interview to discover if they have what you’re looking for.Are there any additional or special projects to work on? Think about what skills or knowledge you want to develop and see if there is an opportunity that will let you do that.What departments need help and how can I lend a helping hand? Are there busy, stressed out employees that need a mentor?Does the company work in a particular niche that aligns with my expertise? If you are viewed as an expert in a particular industry or line of business, you are more likely to be needed for new projects coming up.What kind of extracurricular activities does the company offer? Ask about the fun stuff. Maybe they have a softball team or a volunteer committee. These outlets can be a great way to get to know more people in the office and to take a first step towards more official responsibility.Looking for more than just additional responsibilities? If it is time for a promotion check out my blog Starting A Job Search When You Want A Promotion.Previous PostNext PostSHARE THIS POSTYou may also like©2019. All Rights Reserved. Privacy. Terms of Use.10647 Justin Drive, Urbandale, Iowa 50322"
