"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.11 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent SearchAustin jobsBenefits Specialist IThe University of Texas at AustinJob Posting Title:Benefits Specialist IHiring Department:Office of the Associate Vice President for Human ResourcesPosition Open To:All ApplicantsWeekly Scheduled Hours:40FLSA Status:ExemptEarliest Start Date:ImmediatelyPosition Duration:Expected to ContinueLocation:UT MAIN CAMPUSJob Description:The Benefits Specialist provides consulting, policy interpretation and administration services for rewards programs including but not limited to: health and welfare benefits, retirement, staff education benefit, workers' compensation insurance, FMLA, Sick Leave Pool and other qualified leave entitlements.Job Details:ResponsibilitiesEnsure compliance to state reporting requirements by providing comprehensive workers compensation consulting services including providing information on state laws and interpreting policies, procedures, and practices.Assessing injured employee needs related to WCI issues including coaching on available treatment options and the coverage thereof, referral to approved WCI providers, explaining disability income benefits, as applicable and serving as a liaison with the UT System Office of Risk Management, lawyers and medical personnel.Ensure compliance with the federal Family and Medical Leave Act and the state Sick Leave Pool program by interpreting and applying statues and policies, reviewing applications, completing required documentation, and preparing all relevant correspondence to employees and department managers or their designee. Make effective decisions for complex and sensitive leave related issues and offer creative and alternative leave solutions, as applicable, with diplomacy under tight deadlines.Responsible for the administration of the campus Return to Work program by promoting appropriate return-to-work strategies to department managers and their delegates and incorporating case management methodologies with the employee. Partner with the employee, HR contacts and department managers to prepare all relevant correspondence including but not limited to bonafide job offer for modified duty letters, supplemental reports of injury, and FMLA notices, as appropriate.Responsible for the administration of health and welfare benefits, retirement plans and the Staff educational Benefit. Serve as a liaison with the UT System Office of Employee Benefits, insurance companies, retirement providers, benefits related vendors and the Provost Office involving faculty issues and Payroll Services. Advise employees and eligible fellows on eligibility, coverage and other benefit matters including benefit distribution and post-employment coverage such as COBRA.Contribute to projects, such as an open enrollment, benefit fairs, communications plans and website enhancements. Participate in campus and system-wide committees that improve benefits, leave and workers compensation business processes. Prepare and maintain reports related to benefits, leave and workers compensation providing these HR analytics with interpretation and recommendations to the HRS management team to continuously improve programs and services.Develop and conduct training and new hire orientation sessions regarding benefits, leave and workers compensation services develop and conduct customized training as requested.Utilize functional systems to query, input and approve customer information, such as, but not limited to, a customer tracking system, Workday, benefits administration system, retirement programs enrollment system, leave administration system, and worker compensation WCMenu 2.0 system.Other related functions as assigned.Required QualificationsDemonstration of the following competencies, typically acquired through a Bachelor degree and two to four years of experience in human resources administration, customer focus, timely decision making, interpersonal savvy, problem solving, effective written and oral communication. Ability to work in a positive, team-oriented environment. Demonstrated professional demeanor. Demonstrated ability to multi-task, organize priorities, and work with deadlines in a fast-paced, changing environment. High degree of accuracy and demonstrated attention to detail. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals without direct supervision. Excellent computer skills in a Microsoft Windows environment. Evidence of the practice of a high level of confidentiality. Ability to learn new skills quickly.Relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.Preferred QualificationsExperience dealing directly with benefits, leave and workers' compensation related matters. Certifications or specialized training in benefits, employment law, employee relations, workers compensation or other human resources related functions such as the Professional in Human Resources certification. Bilingual in English and Spanish. Previous human resource experience in higher education environment or public sector.Salary Range$50,000Working ConditionsMay work around standard office conditionsRepetitive use of keyboard at a workstationRequired MaterialsResume/CV3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisorLetter of interestImportant for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume in the first step of the online job application process. Then, any additional Required Materials will be uploaded in the My Experience section; you can multi-select the additional files or click the Upload button for each file. Before submitting your online job application, ensure thatALLRequired Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.Important for Current university employees and contingent workers:As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questionspresented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.Employment Eligibility:Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.Retirement Plan Eligibility:The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.Background Checks:A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.Equal Opportunity Employer:The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer,complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.Pay Transparency:The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.Employment Eligibility Verification:If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.E-Verify:The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university's company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]Compliance:Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.Jan 20, 2021Full timeJob Posting Title:Benefits Specialist IHiring Department:Office of the Associate Vice President for Human ResourcesPosition Open To:All ApplicantsWeekly Scheduled Hours:40FLSA Status:ExemptEarliest Start Date:ImmediatelyPosition Duration:Expected to ContinueLocation:UT MAIN CAMPUSJob Description:The Benefits Specialist provides consulting, policy interpretation and administration services for rewards programs including but not limited to: health and welfare benefits, retirement, staff education benefit, workers' compensation insurance, FMLA, Sick Leave Pool and other qualified leave entitlements.Job Details:ResponsibilitiesEnsure compliance to state reporting requirements by providing comprehensive workers compensation consulting services including providing information on state laws and interpreting policies, procedures, and practices.Assessing injured employee needs related to WCI issues including coaching on available treatment options and the coverage thereof, referral to approved WCI providers, explaining disability income benefits, as applicable and serving as a liaison with the UT System Office of Risk Management, lawyers and medical personnel.Ensure compliance with the federal Family and Medical Leave Act and the state Sick Leave Pool program by interpreting and applying statues and policies, reviewing applications, completing required documentation, and preparing all relevant correspondence to employees and department managers or their designee. Make effective decisions for complex and sensitive leave related issues and offer creative and alternative leave solutions, as applicable, with diplomacy under tight deadlines.Responsible for the administration of the campus Return to Work program by promoting appropriate return-to-work strategies to department managers and their delegates and incorporating case management methodologies with the employee. Partner with the employee, HR contacts and department managers to prepare all relevant correspondence including but not limited to bonafide job offer for modified duty letters, supplemental reports of injury, and FMLA notices, as appropriate.Responsible for the administration of health and welfare benefits, retirement plans and the Staff educational Benefit. Serve as a liaison with the UT System Office of Employee Benefits, insurance companies, retirement providers, benefits related vendors and the Provost Office involving faculty issues and Payroll Services. Advise employees and eligible fellows on eligibility, coverage and other benefit matters including benefit distribution and post-employment coverage such as COBRA.Contribute to projects, such as an open enrollment, benefit fairs, communications plans and website enhancements. Participate in campus and system-wide committees that improve benefits, leave and workers compensation business processes. Prepare and maintain reports related to benefits, leave and workers compensation providing these HR analytics with interpretation and recommendations to the HRS management team to continuously improve programs and services.Develop and conduct training and new hire orientation sessions regarding benefits, leave and workers compensation services develop and conduct customized training as requested.Utilize functional systems to query, input and approve customer information, such as, but not limited to, a customer tracking system, Workday, benefits administration system, retirement programs enrollment system, leave administration system, and worker compensation WCMenu 2.0 system.Other related functions as assigned.Required QualificationsDemonstration of the following competencies, typically acquired through a Bachelor degree and two to four years of experience in human resources administration, customer focus, timely decision making, interpersonal savvy, problem solving, effective written and oral communication. Ability to work in a positive, team-oriented environment. Demonstrated professional demeanor. Demonstrated ability to multi-task, organize priorities, and work with deadlines in a fast-paced, changing environment. High degree of accuracy and demonstrated attention to detail. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals without direct supervision. Excellent computer skills in a Microsoft Windows environment. Evidence of the practice of a high level of confidentiality. Ability to learn new skills quickly.Relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.Preferred QualificationsExperience dealing directly with benefits, leave and workers' compensation related matters. Certifications or specialized training in benefits, employment law, employee relations, workers compensation or other human resources related functions such as the Professional in Human Resources certification. Bilingual in English and Spanish. Previous human resource experience in higher education environment or public sector.Salary Range$50,000Working ConditionsMay work around standard office conditionsRepetitive use of keyboard at a workstationRequired MaterialsResume/CV3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisorLetter of interestImportant for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume in the first step of the online job application process. Then, any additional Required Materials will be uploaded in the My Experience section; you can multi-select the additional files or click the Upload button for each file. Before submitting your online job application, ensure thatALLRequired Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.Important for Current university employees and contingent workers:As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questionspresented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.Employment Eligibility:Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.Retirement Plan Eligibility:The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.Background Checks:A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.Equal Opportunity Employer:The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer,complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.Pay Transparency:The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.Employment Eligibility Verification:If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.E-Verify:The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university's company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]Compliance:Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.Security Officer Hospitality SectorAllied Universal Austin, TexasAt Allied Universal ® our Security Professionals assist clients, and the public at large, by providing essential jobs that keep our communities safe and secure. During this time, we need your help more than ever. We have immediate employment opportunities. Allied Universal also employs an interview process you can complete from the comfort of your home through our online application and video interviewing technology. We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees and invite you to apply to join the team. Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer. As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CEJan 19, 2021At Allied Universal ® our Security Professionals assist clients, and the public at large, by providing essential jobs that keep our communities safe and secure. During this time, we need your help more than ever. We have immediate employment opportunities. Allied Universal also employs an interview process you can complete from the comfort of your home through our online application and video interviewing technology. We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees and invite you to apply to join the team. Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer. As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CEPastry Cook WorkerAdecco USA Austin, TexasAdecco is currently hiring for Pastry Cook Worker Jobs with a local client located in Austin, TX! Responsibilities for this Pastry Cook Worker job include: Daily preparation and cooking of food items in the pantry, fry and/or stations or other areas of the kitchen Prepares equipment and obtains supplies as needed. Responsible for other duties in the areas of food and final plate presentation including plating and garnishing of cooked items This position reports to the Chef, Sous Chef, or Kitchen Manager Preferred Qualifications for warehouse Pastry Cook Worker include: Basic understanding of professional baking and appropriate cooking methods and techniques Understanding and knowledge of safety, sanitation and food handling procedures Being able to multi-task, work quickly, and effectively within a team Communicates clearly, listens attentively to staff, peers, managers, and guests Flexibility and adaptability to work calmly and effectively under stress Ability to take direction and work effectively in team environment Problem solving abilities, be self-motivated, and organized Dedication to quality service and expectations You should have an approved Food Handler's Card and non-slip shoes prior to first day of work Extraordinarily Service Oriented - show high level of customer service is positively mandatory...We hire for attitude, train for skill. Dynamic and agile - highly organized, ability to switch between locations and job duties Typically, 1-4 years high volume food service - preferably larger, innovative corporate programs May also be food and beverage experience in a full-service hotel, resort, or multi-restaurant chain Excellent customer service, time management, and organizational skills Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card Pay starting at $14-16/hr. depending on experience We have openings on 1st shift! For instant consideration for this Pastry Cook Worker job in Austin, TX, click on Apply Now! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsJan 15, 2021Full timeAdecco is currently hiring for Pastry Cook Worker Jobs with a local client located in Austin, TX! Responsibilities for this Pastry Cook Worker job include: Daily preparation and cooking of food items in the pantry, fry and/or stations or other areas of the kitchen Prepares equipment and obtains supplies as needed. Responsible for other duties in the areas of food and final plate presentation including plating and garnishing of cooked items This position reports to the Chef, Sous Chef, or Kitchen Manager Preferred Qualifications for warehouse Pastry Cook Worker include: Basic understanding of professional baking and appropriate cooking methods and techniques Understanding and knowledge of safety, sanitation and food handling procedures Being able to multi-task, work quickly, and effectively within a team Communicates clearly, listens attentively to staff, peers, managers, and guests Flexibility and adaptability to work calmly and effectively under stress Ability to take direction and work effectively in team environment Problem solving abilities, be self-motivated, and organized Dedication to quality service and expectations You should have an approved Food Handler's Card and non-slip shoes prior to first day of work Extraordinarily Service Oriented - show high level of customer service is positively mandatory...We hire for attitude, train for skill. Dynamic and agile - highly organized, ability to switch between locations and job duties Typically, 1-4 years high volume food service - preferably larger, innovative corporate programs May also be food and beverage experience in a full-service hotel, resort, or multi-restaurant chain Excellent customer service, time management, and organizational skills Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card Pay starting at $14-16/hr. depending on experience We have openings on 1st shift! For instant consideration for this Pastry Cook Worker job in Austin, TX, click on Apply Now! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsLine Cook Preparation AssociateAdecco USA Austin, TexasAt Adecco, we are the workforce experts providing work opportunities to individuals across all industries. Every day, we have more than 100,000 associates on assignment, and our 30,000 internal colleagues are working hard to help our candidates find jobs and advance their careers. Currently, we are assisting a local client recruiting for Line Cook Preparation Associate jobs in Austin, Texas. These are temp to hire jobs that will allow you to enhance your career while gaining valuable restaurant experience. As a Line Cook Preparation Associate at a local client you will perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management, effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner, enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process, ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs. Primary responsibilities include: Perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management Effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner Enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process Ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs Preferred Qualifications: At least 3 years restaurant(not fast food) experience Prior food and beverage experience is preferred Deliver excellent customer service, time management, and organization skills The starting pay rate for Line Cook Preparation Associate jobs is $16.00/hr., plus overtime as needed. We have openings on 1st shift - that means NO weekend or evening work! At Adecco, we care about our associates' well-being on the job and off, which is why we offer the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Referral Bonuses Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card For instant consideration for this Line Cook Preparation Associate job with Adecco in Austin, Texas, click on Apply Now! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsJan 15, 2021Full timeAt Adecco, we are the workforce experts providing work opportunities to individuals across all industries. Every day, we have more than 100,000 associates on assignment, and our 30,000 internal colleagues are working hard to help our candidates find jobs and advance their careers. Currently, we are assisting a local client recruiting for Line Cook Preparation Associate jobs in Austin, Texas. These are temp to hire jobs that will allow you to enhance your career while gaining valuable restaurant experience. As a Line Cook Preparation Associate at a local client you will perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management, effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner, enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process, ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs. Primary responsibilities include: Perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management Effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner Enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process Ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs Preferred Qualifications: At least 3 years restaurant(not fast food) experience Prior food and beverage experience is preferred Deliver excellent customer service, time management, and organization skills The starting pay rate for Line Cook Preparation Associate jobs is $16.00/hr., plus overtime as needed. We have openings on 1st shift - that means NO weekend or evening work! At Adecco, we care about our associates' well-being on the job and off, which is why we offer the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Referral Bonuses Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card For instant consideration for this Line Cook Preparation Associate job with Adecco in Austin, Texas, click on Apply Now! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsSecurity Officer Hospitality SectorAllied Universal Austin, TexasAt Allied Universal ® our Security Professionals assist clients, and the public at large, by providing essential jobs that keep our communities safe and secure. During this time, we need your help more than ever. We have immediate employment opportunities. Allied Universal also employs an interview process you can complete from the comfort of your home through our online application and video interviewing technology. We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees and invite you to apply to join the team. Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer . As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CEJan 13, 2021Full timeAt Allied Universal ® our Security Professionals assist clients, and the public at large, by providing essential jobs that keep our communities safe and secure. During this time, we need your help more than ever. We have immediate employment opportunities. Allied Universal also employs an interview process you can complete from the comfort of your home through our online application and video interviewing technology. We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees and invite you to apply to join the team. Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer . As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. B 15802 *CB-CE92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Austin, TexasIt takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 13, 2021It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Food and Beverage ManagerWhite Lodging Austin, TexasPosition Information Location: Courtyard Austin Downtown SummaryMulti-unit manager responsible for the In Room Dining and restaurant/ bar food and beverage operations; oversees the day to day operations of these outlets to maintain an efficient, well maintained, profitable and guest centric environment. Responsible for organizing the activities and food and beverage services to deliver the highest guest experience while following Brand standards. Sets and maintains high standards of food and beverage quality, and is strategically creating programs and processes to increase associate satisfaction and reduce turnover, while tightly managing costs to achieve budgeted profitability. Responsibilities Ensures all white lodging way systems are in place and maintained daily. Ensure prompt and efficient service to all guests. Utilize the sales and marketing plan as basis for setting customer service goals and long term scheduling. Validate the sales plan is in line with Monthly and Quarterly projections. Monitor and respond to ruminate guests' reviews. Monitor and assess product quality, satisfaction, and trends to determine if any change in programs or strategy is required. Initiate and implement marketing and up-selling techniques to promote food and beverage services and to maximize overall revenue. Ensure all team members have current knowledge of outlet offerings, products, services, facilities, event, pricing and policies and are knowledgeable of the local area and events. Works closely with social media and marketing contacts in Sales on promotional and operational efforts to maximize achievement of sales (advertising, posters, mailers, local businesses and residences). Protects the assets of the company, including but not limited to food and beverage items, service supplies, FF, the reputation, and legal standing of the operation. Ensures that controls are in place to satisfy the needs of internal audit and to prevent theft. Critique the performance of the outlets monthly during the P and financial review. Be able to speak to the labor performance of the outlets weekly during the wage meeting, and food and beverage managers meeting. Assure adherence to the cash handling policies and cash reconciliation of all over/short, missing and/or voided checks and other accountability processes. Assure adherence to the White Lodging internal audit guidelines Monitors food and beverage inventories, breakage, and pars of all china, glass and silver for loss. Generate an accurate weekly forecast in order to schedule associates properly so to deliver the best guests experience while following budgeted labor costs. Coordinate the efforts of the F outlets to coincide with volumes in business generated by Group and Transient business and events in the downtown market. Ensure that food handling and safety guidelines are in effect and followed. Ensure the the local food safety regulations are followed. Ensures that all food and beverage supervisors and associates \"own the food and beverage experience\" and are actively involved in the delivery of the service strategy. Displays passion about customer service and makes frequent contact with customers to ensure satisfaction. Ensures cleanliness and proper inspections of associate side work before associates are dismissed from their shifts. Ensures completion of a thorough walk-thru of all areas prior to departure. Makes any corrections that need to be made. Handles or assists with any guest related complaints, as well as coordinating the follow up on those complaints. Ensure that all guests are treated with a professional and consistent manner. Creates the vision for best in class customer service in the outlets, trains, recognizes, motivates and rewards for achieving aggressive and challenging goals. Hires the right people at the right time. Ensures that hiring practices are legal and ethical. Works with Human Resources Manager to ensure problems are handled quickly and efficiently. Ensures that discipline is firm, fair, and consistent. Follows company policy on progressive discipline. Ensures that supervisors within the FB department do the same. Reacts promptly and effectively to associate concerns. Documents actions in a timely manner. Ensures associates have the supplies they need to do their assigned jobs. Provides recognition to associates in a meaningful and timely manner. Ensures a high-quality pre-shift is conducted daily with all associates. Ensures that the attendance policy is adhered to. Ensures that the company's open-door policy is practiced. Provides an environment free of harassment of any kind. Ensures proper and effective hiring and training of associates. Develops and implements hiring and training programs to ensure all positions are adequately staffed with trained personnel. Ensures associates are certified in an effective and timely manner. Ensures that all associates adhere to the grooming and appearance standards for the hotel. Assigns work/functions to supervisors and ensures that supervisors do the same with hourly associates. Confers regularly with staff to coordinate activities, assign and check work, resolve problems, and the like. Oversees and aligns the work of the supervisors, and observes and evaluates the performance of hourly service personnel. Conducts performance evaluations, RAP and REX Sessions with associates. Ensures associates have appropriate local food and beverage certificates and that they remain current. Track and audit sales, food, labor, cash and expense items each pay. Process invoices as incurred. Order and inventory all supplies; ensuring appropriate stock and equipment is available for the team and within budget guidelines. Maintain and enforce sanitation standards, and ensure staff abides by laws and safety standards within the outlets. Maintain all key control procedures Communicates in a clear and effective manner. Chooses the right form of communication for the message. Reviews new products and methods of operation and effectively implements changes that improve balanced scorecard results. Attends weekly staff meeting and other meetings as required. Conducts timely and effective department meetings that inform, recognize, and motivate. Remains organized. Presents a professional demeanor at all times in the appearance of the restaurant space and all restaurant associates. Performs other duties as assigned.Other informationCOMPETENCIES Analysis Skills Judgement / Decision Making Strategic Skills Experience Conceptual Ability Track Record Integrity Resourcefulness Excellence Self-Awareness Stress Management Team Building Assertiveness Goal Setting Communication (written/oral) Accountability EnergySKILLS Where local law requires it, must be able to hold valid liquor license. Proven experience with food service administrative functions, such as ordering, inventory control, staff scheduling, and financial reporting. Proven computer, administrative, math, accounting, and supervisory skills. Experience working with a variety of commercial food service equipment Ability to deal effectively with customers and other company personnel. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers, guests or employees. Basic knowledge of relevant health and safety regulations and procedures. Ability to interpret and apply safety rules; operating, maintenance and procedural manual. Fully understands the First Aid requirements for standard emergencies such as choking and burns. Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variable in situations where only limited standardization exists.EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Previous management experience required. High School Degree/GED; College Degree Preferred 5-7 years progressive food service supervisory experience in a hotel food and beverage/restaurant environmentWORKING CONDITIONS The major responsibility in this position is to lead, direct and oversee all operations of the restaurant, lounge and kitchen outlets on a daily basis. The goal is to satisfy the guest, providing a variety of services to help make his/her dining and lounge experience both comfortable and memorable. A vast majority of the workday is spent interacting with others, including guests and personnel. This requires speaking, listening and standing. A typical workday includes directing personnel to perform various tasks as well as visiting with guests about their travels and/or lodging and dining experiences, both favorable and unpleasant. Therefore, this position utilizes problem solving and reasoning abilities on a daily basis. This position involves several varying responsibilities and often requires an ability to perform multiple tasks and transactions in a very fast paced environment, and react to changes within that environment; therefore memory and prioritizing skills are essential and used throughout the day. Memory, organizational, impartial reasoning and prioritizing skills are essential and used daily. Also utilized daily are the abilities to delegate responsibilities and to determine when delegation is warranted. However, equally important are follow-through skills. All delegated tasks remain the responsibility of this position, requiring thorough follow-up of each assigned duty. Reading and writing abilities are utilized generously in the documenting of daily activities. Business letters are often necessary, along with the completion of various form documents. Mathematical abilities, including basic math, are utilized when verifying daily paperwork, handling deposit monies, guest accounts, purchasing, budgeting, forecasting sales and figuring current revenues, occupancies, average daily rates and revenues per available rooms. Much time is spent moving about the property in servicing guest needs and directing personnel. Additionally, inspections of F areas are a primary responsibility of this position..... click apply for full job detailsJan 13, 2021Full timePosition Information Location: Courtyard Austin Downtown SummaryMulti-unit manager responsible for the In Room Dining and restaurant/ bar food and beverage operations; oversees the day to day operations of these outlets to maintain an efficient, well maintained, profitable and guest centric environment. Responsible for organizing the activities and food and beverage services to deliver the highest guest experience while following Brand standards. Sets and maintains high standards of food and beverage quality, and is strategically creating programs and processes to increase associate satisfaction and reduce turnover, while tightly managing costs to achieve budgeted profitability. Responsibilities Ensures all white lodging way systems are in place and maintained daily. Ensure prompt and efficient service to all guests. Utilize the sales and marketing plan as basis for setting customer service goals and long term scheduling. Validate the sales plan is in line with Monthly and Quarterly projections. Monitor and respond to ruminate guests' reviews. Monitor and assess product quality, satisfaction, and trends to determine if any change in programs or strategy is required. Initiate and implement marketing and up-selling techniques to promote food and beverage services and to maximize overall revenue. Ensure all team members have current knowledge of outlet offerings, products, services, facilities, event, pricing and policies and are knowledgeable of the local area and events. Works closely with social media and marketing contacts in Sales on promotional and operational efforts to maximize achievement of sales (advertising, posters, mailers, local businesses and residences). Protects the assets of the company, including but not limited to food and beverage items, service supplies, FF, the reputation, and legal standing of the operation. Ensures that controls are in place to satisfy the needs of internal audit and to prevent theft. Critique the performance of the outlets monthly during the P and financial review. Be able to speak to the labor performance of the outlets weekly during the wage meeting, and food and beverage managers meeting. Assure adherence to the cash handling policies and cash reconciliation of all over/short, missing and/or voided checks and other accountability processes. Assure adherence to the White Lodging internal audit guidelines Monitors food and beverage inventories, breakage, and pars of all china, glass and silver for loss. Generate an accurate weekly forecast in order to schedule associates properly so to deliver the best guests experience while following budgeted labor costs. Coordinate the efforts of the F outlets to coincide with volumes in business generated by Group and Transient business and events in the downtown market. Ensure that food handling and safety guidelines are in effect and followed. Ensure the the local food safety regulations are followed. Ensures that all food and beverage supervisors and associates \"own the food and beverage experience\" and are actively involved in the delivery of the service strategy. Displays passion about customer service and makes frequent contact with customers to ensure satisfaction. Ensures cleanliness and proper inspections of associate side work before associates are dismissed from their shifts. Ensures completion of a thorough walk-thru of all areas prior to departure. Makes any corrections that need to be made. Handles or assists with any guest related complaints, as well as coordinating the follow up on those complaints. Ensure that all guests are treated with a professional and consistent manner. Creates the vision for best in class customer service in the outlets, trains, recognizes, motivates and rewards for achieving aggressive and challenging goals. Hires the right people at the right time. Ensures that hiring practices are legal and ethical. Works with Human Resources Manager to ensure problems are handled quickly and efficiently. Ensures that discipline is firm, fair, and consistent. Follows company policy on progressive discipline. Ensures that supervisors within the FB department do the same. Reacts promptly and effectively to associate concerns. Documents actions in a timely manner. Ensures associates have the supplies they need to do their assigned jobs. Provides recognition to associates in a meaningful and timely manner. Ensures a high-quality pre-shift is conducted daily with all associates. Ensures that the attendance policy is adhered to. Ensures that the company's open-door policy is practiced. Provides an environment free of harassment of any kind. Ensures proper and effective hiring and training of associates. Develops and implements hiring and training programs to ensure all positions are adequately staffed with trained personnel. Ensures associates are certified in an effective and timely manner. Ensures that all associates adhere to the grooming and appearance standards for the hotel. Assigns work/functions to supervisors and ensures that supervisors do the same with hourly associates. Confers regularly with staff to coordinate activities, assign and check work, resolve problems, and the like. Oversees and aligns the work of the supervisors, and observes and evaluates the performance of hourly service personnel. Conducts performance evaluations, RAP and REX Sessions with associates. Ensures associates have appropriate local food and beverage certificates and that they remain current. Track and audit sales, food, labor, cash and expense items each pay. Process invoices as incurred. Order and inventory all supplies; ensuring appropriate stock and equipment is available for the team and within budget guidelines. Maintain and enforce sanitation standards, and ensure staff abides by laws and safety standards within the outlets. Maintain all key control procedures Communicates in a clear and effective manner. Chooses the right form of communication for the message. Reviews new products and methods of operation and effectively implements changes that improve balanced scorecard results. Attends weekly staff meeting and other meetings as required. Conducts timely and effective department meetings that inform, recognize, and motivate. Remains organized. Presents a professional demeanor at all times in the appearance of the restaurant space and all restaurant associates. Performs other duties as assigned.Other informationCOMPETENCIES Analysis Skills Judgement / Decision Making Strategic Skills Experience Conceptual Ability Track Record Integrity Resourcefulness Excellence Self-Awareness Stress Management Team Building Assertiveness Goal Setting Communication (written/oral) Accountability EnergySKILLS Where local law requires it, must be able to hold valid liquor license. Proven experience with food service administrative functions, such as ordering, inventory control, staff scheduling, and financial reporting. Proven computer, administrative, math, accounting, and supervisory skills. Experience working with a variety of commercial food service equipment Ability to deal effectively with customers and other company personnel. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers, guests or employees. Basic knowledge of relevant health and safety regulations and procedures. Ability to interpret and apply safety rules; operating, maintenance and procedural manual. Fully understands the First Aid requirements for standard emergencies such as choking and burns. Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variable in situations where only limited standardization exists.EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Previous management experience required. High School Degree/GED; College Degree Preferred 5-7 years progressive food service supervisory experience in a hotel food and beverage/restaurant environmentWORKING CONDITIONS The major responsibility in this position is to lead, direct and oversee all operations of the restaurant, lounge and kitchen outlets on a daily basis. The goal is to satisfy the guest, providing a variety of services to help make his/her dining and lounge experience both comfortable and memorable. A vast majority of the workday is spent interacting with others, including guests and personnel. This requires speaking, listening and standing. A typical workday includes directing personnel to perform various tasks as well as visiting with guests about their travels and/or lodging and dining experiences, both favorable and unpleasant. Therefore, this position utilizes problem solving and reasoning abilities on a daily basis. This position involves several varying responsibilities and often requires an ability to perform multiple tasks and transactions in a very fast paced environment, and react to changes within that environment; therefore memory and prioritizing skills are essential and used throughout the day. Memory, organizational, impartial reasoning and prioritizing skills are essential and used daily. Also utilized daily are the abilities to delegate responsibilities and to determine when delegation is warranted. However, equally important are follow-through skills. All delegated tasks remain the responsibility of this position, requiring thorough follow-up of each assigned duty. Reading and writing abilities are utilized generously in the documenting of daily activities. Business letters are often necessary, along with the completion of various form documents. Mathematical abilities, including basic math, are utilized when verifying daily paperwork, handling deposit monies, guest accounts, purchasing, budgeting, forecasting sales and figuring current revenues, occupancies, average daily rates and revenues per available rooms. Much time is spent moving about the property in servicing guest needs and directing personnel. Additionally, inspections of F areas are a primary responsibility of this position..... click apply for full job detailsLine CookAdecco USA Austin, TexasAdecco is assisting a local client recruiting for Line Cook jobs in Austin, Texas. These Line Cook jobs are temp to hire opportunities with NO weekend or evening work required! ABOUT THE JOB: Line Cook jobs require candidates to perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management, effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner, enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process, ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs within a restaurant environment. If you meet the qualifications listed below - Apply Now! RESPONSIBILITIES / DUTIES: Perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management Effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner Enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process Ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATIONS At least 3 years restaurant(not fast food) experience Prior food and beverage experience is preferred Deliver excellent customer service, time management, and organization skills PAY / SCHEDULE: The pay rate for Line Cook jobs starts at $16.00/hr., plus overtime as needed. WHY WORK FOR ADECCO: We are the workforce experts providing work opportunities to individuals across all industries. Every day, we have more than 100,000 associates on assignment, and our 30,000 internal colleagues are working hard to help our candidates find jobs and advance their careers. We are here to help, and we care about our associates' well-being on the job and off, which is why we offer the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Referral Bonuses Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card HOW TO APPLY: For instant consideration for this Line Cook job in Austin, Texas, click on Apply Now! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsJan 13, 2021Full timeAdecco is assisting a local client recruiting for Line Cook jobs in Austin, Texas. These Line Cook jobs are temp to hire opportunities with NO weekend or evening work required! ABOUT THE JOB: Line Cook jobs require candidates to perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management, effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner, enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process, ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs within a restaurant environment. If you meet the qualifications listed below - Apply Now! RESPONSIBILITIES / DUTIES: Perform various line prep duties through multi-tasking and time management Effectively communicate with your team members so the operations run in an organized manner Enforce all safety and sanitation rules while working in the food handling process Ability to take direction and effectively work through high volume needs EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATIONS At least 3 years restaurant(not fast food) experience Prior food and beverage experience is preferred Deliver excellent customer service, time management, and organization skills PAY / SCHEDULE: The pay rate for Line Cook jobs starts at $16.00/hr., plus overtime as needed. WHY WORK FOR ADECCO: We are the workforce experts providing work opportunities to individuals across all industries. Every day, we have more than 100,000 associates on assignment, and our 30,000 internal colleagues are working hard to help our candidates find jobs and advance their careers. We are here to help, and we care about our associates' well-being on the job and off, which is why we offer the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Referral Bonuses Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card HOW TO APPLY: For instant consideration for this Line Cook job in Austin, Texas, click on Apply Now! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsDishwasherAdecco USA Austin, TexasAdecco is assisting a local client recruiting for Dishwashers in Austin, Texas. These Dishwasher positions are temp to hire. Pay rates start at $11.00/hr! Dishwashers are required to ensure effective and proper procedures for cleaning all dishes and work stations including verifying actual product against packing slips, confirming product integrity, checking product temperatures as needed initial and code invoices if requested, log invoices, and distribute to appropriate departments. Dishwashers responsibilities include but are not limited to: Maintaining cleanliness of washing areas including pot sinks, larger machines and trash areas Clean assigned areas following established cleaning procedures and schedules Displays cooperation with co-workers Prepares equipment and obtains supplies as needed Comply with standards for merchandising, stocking, and storing product Assists with cleaning, stocking and lifting items in other areas as requested Candidates must meet the following requirements to be considered for Dishwasher jobs: Dedication towards learning and continuous improvement Strong time-management and organizational skills Ability to work in a team environment Must be capable of lifting up to 50 lbs. and standing for long periods of time Professional experience in a fine-dining environment You must have open availability Monday-Friday. What's in this for you? Pay rates starting at $11.00/hr, plus overtime as needed! Weekly pay Comprehensive benefits after 1 week - medical, dental, vision, options available Bonus Incentives! For more information, ask a recruiter today! This is a first shift opportunity! No nights or weekends! Click on \"Apply Now\" to be considered for this Dishwasher job at a local client in Austin, Texas! You may also visit www.adeccousa .com to view other current opportunities. After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsJan 13, 2021Full timeAdecco is assisting a local client recruiting for Dishwashers in Austin, Texas. These Dishwasher positions are temp to hire. Pay rates start at $11.00/hr! Dishwashers are required to ensure effective and proper procedures for cleaning all dishes and work stations including verifying actual product against packing slips, confirming product integrity, checking product temperatures as needed initial and code invoices if requested, log invoices, and distribute to appropriate departments. Dishwashers responsibilities include but are not limited to: Maintaining cleanliness of washing areas including pot sinks, larger machines and trash areas Clean assigned areas following established cleaning procedures and schedules Displays cooperation with co-workers Prepares equipment and obtains supplies as needed Comply with standards for merchandising, stocking, and storing product Assists with cleaning, stocking and lifting items in other areas as requested Candidates must meet the following requirements to be considered for Dishwasher jobs: Dedication towards learning and continuous improvement Strong time-management and organizational skills Ability to work in a team environment Must be capable of lifting up to 50 lbs. and standing for long periods of time Professional experience in a fine-dining environment You must have open availability Monday-Friday. What's in this for you? Pay rates starting at $11.00/hr, plus overtime as needed! Weekly pay Comprehensive benefits after 1 week - medical, dental, vision, options available Bonus Incentives! For more information, ask a recruiter today! This is a first shift opportunity! No nights or weekends! Click on \"Apply Now\" to be considered for this Dishwasher job at a local client in Austin, Texas! You may also visit www.adeccousa .com to view other current opportunities. After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsDishwasher PositionAdecco USA Austin, TexasAdecco is currently assisting a local client, recruiting for Dishwasher jobs in Austin, Texas. These Dishwasher jobs are temp to hire opportunities, with starting pay rates of $11.00/hr, plus overtime! For instant consideration for these dishwasher jobs, Apply Now! Dishwashers are required to ensure effective and proper procedures for cleaning all dishes and work stations including verifying actual product against packing slips, confirming product integrity, checking product temperatures as needed initial and code invoices if requested, log invoices, and distribute to appropriate departments. Partnerships between a local client and Adecco always give great benefits! While with us, you will receive pay rates starting at $11.00/hr plus overtime as needed, comprehensive benefits after 1 week (medical, dental, vision, options available) and bonus incentives offered for referrals! Tired of working nights and weekends? This position is a 1st shift M-F position! No nights or weekends! The starting pay rate for Dishwasher jobs is $11.00/hr, plus overtime as needed. Click on apply now for instant consideration for these Dishwasher job in Austin, Texas! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsJan 13, 2021Full timeAdecco is currently assisting a local client, recruiting for Dishwasher jobs in Austin, Texas. These Dishwasher jobs are temp to hire opportunities, with starting pay rates of $11.00/hr, plus overtime! For instant consideration for these dishwasher jobs, Apply Now! Dishwashers are required to ensure effective and proper procedures for cleaning all dishes and work stations including verifying actual product against packing slips, confirming product integrity, checking product temperatures as needed initial and code invoices if requested, log invoices, and distribute to appropriate departments. Partnerships between a local client and Adecco always give great benefits! While with us, you will receive pay rates starting at $11.00/hr plus overtime as needed, comprehensive benefits after 1 week (medical, dental, vision, options available) and bonus incentives offered for referrals! Tired of working nights and weekends? This position is a 1st shift M-F position! No nights or weekends! The starting pay rate for Dishwasher jobs is $11.00/hr, plus overtime as needed. Click on apply now for instant consideration for these Dishwasher job in Austin, Texas! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsBaristaAdecco USA Austin, TexasThis is a 1st shift opportunity! Enjoy a nice work life balance! Adecco is assisting a local client recruiting for Barista jobs in Austin, Texas. These Barista jobs are temp to hire opportunities! Let your passion shine through in this opportunity! ABOUT THE JOB: Barista jobs require candidates to responsible for blending culinary arts with extraordinary service, responsible for managing your espresso bar and following health and safety standards, effectively deliver a high level of customer service, meeting the standards for speed, quality, and consistency within a restaurant environment. If you meet the qualifications listed below - Apply Now! RESPONSIBILITIES / DUTIES: Responsible for blending culinary arts with extraordinary service Responsible for managing your espresso bar and following health and safety standards Effectively deliver a high level of customer service Meeting the standards for speed, quality, and consistency EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATIONS At least 3 years of Barista experience Must have strong time management and organizational skills Candidates must have ServSafe Certificate PAY / SCHEDULE: The pay rate for Barista jobs starts at $15.00/hr, plus overtime as needed. WHY WORK FOR ADECCO: We are the workforce experts providing work opportunities to individuals across all industries. Every day, we have more than 100,000 associates on assignment, and our 30,000 internal colleagues are working hard to help our candidates find jobs and advance their careers. We are here to help, and we care about our associates' well-being on the job and off, which is why we offer the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Referral Bonuses Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card HOW TO APPLY: For instant consideration for this Barista job in Austin, Texas, click on Apply Now! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsJan 13, 2021Full timeThis is a 1st shift opportunity! Enjoy a nice work life balance! Adecco is assisting a local client recruiting for Barista jobs in Austin, Texas. These Barista jobs are temp to hire opportunities! Let your passion shine through in this opportunity! ABOUT THE JOB: Barista jobs require candidates to responsible for blending culinary arts with extraordinary service, responsible for managing your espresso bar and following health and safety standards, effectively deliver a high level of customer service, meeting the standards for speed, quality, and consistency within a restaurant environment. If you meet the qualifications listed below - Apply Now! RESPONSIBILITIES / DUTIES: Responsible for blending culinary arts with extraordinary service Responsible for managing your espresso bar and following health and safety standards Effectively deliver a high level of customer service Meeting the standards for speed, quality, and consistency EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATIONS At least 3 years of Barista experience Must have strong time management and organizational skills Candidates must have ServSafe Certificate PAY / SCHEDULE: The pay rate for Barista jobs starts at $15.00/hr, plus overtime as needed. WHY WORK FOR ADECCO: We are the workforce experts providing work opportunities to individuals across all industries. Every day, we have more than 100,000 associates on assignment, and our 30,000 internal colleagues are working hard to help our candidates find jobs and advance their careers. We are here to help, and we care about our associates' well-being on the job and off, which is why we offer the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision plans Paid Holidays 401(k) Plan Skills Training Referral Bonuses Weekly pay with direct deposit and pay card HOW TO APPLY: For instant consideration for this Barista job in Austin, Texas, click on Apply Now! After submitting your application, you can choose to answer a few quick questions to be pre-qualified for the job, and you will have the opportunity to schedule an immediate interview! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering virtual interviews as needed and when possible. And we're partnering closely with our clients to ensure safety protocols are in place. We are dedicated to addressing any concerns brought to our attention. We look forward to partnering with you on your job search! Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction recordsLoad moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App© 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
