"2D Concept Artist (remote), Jobs, 375Level up! with Special MoveLogin RegisterSearchAbout UsEmployersTestimonialsContact UsCorporate Info2D Concept Artist (remote) - Dundee, UKVideo Games - ArtRef: 375 Date Posted: Tuesday 19 Jan 2021ShareMoreSpecial Move is working with an ambitious and growing mobile game studio Tag Games based in Dundee, Scotland. Who have a 14 year legacy of making mobile games for some of the biggest brands on the planet.This year Tag is embarking on its most ambitious and exciting title yet, developing a brand new cross platform IP in partnership with a world renowned publisher. We are looking for passionate new people to join their team on their quest to forge a place in players' hearts.Tags culture is collaborative and relaxed. They encourage feedback and support each other to solve problems - always striving to be the best they can be. They are driven by a passion for quality and delivering outstanding products. If this feels like a studio where you can thrive and grow then we have a variety of roles available, both in their Dundee studio and remote. It would be great to have you join their team!The Role:Tag is searching for a Concept Artist to join the team for their new large scale cross platform product. As a Concept Artist you will be instrumental in designing environment, character, prop and creature concepts. You will work in conjunction with the Art Manger to transform ideas and level designs into awe inspiring concepts and productions paintings. You must have a strong grasp of visual design including excellent foundational art skills. You must be flexible, highly motivated and detail conscious. A core part of the art team and a huge part of this new product, you will have considerable responsibility and autonomy in tasks and the look of this product.Here's what you will be doing:Working alongside the Art and Design team in creating and iterating on ideas whilst maintaining the artistic vision of the project.Developing 2D images to inspire the team and explore the breadth of developing a new IP for millions of players to enjoy.Working to specific briefs to provide the 3D artists with enough conceptual work to inform their work, including production designs for props and turnarounds for characters.Creating art for presentations for upper management and teaser art for marketing.To do this job, you will need:Excellent fundamental art skills; including anatomy, vegetation, architecture.Confidence when working with various art styles.A demonstrable understanding of concept art techniques.A good eye for composition and visual design principles.Excellent understanding of light and colour, silhouettes and value relationships.The ability to capture key moods/elements/lighting in the early stages of your work.Great communication skills.A portfolio of your work is required for consideration for this role; this can be provided as a link to an online portfolio site, or as an attachment along with your resume.A genuine passion for games.While not required, below are nice to have:Experience creating new worlds and IP’sSpecial Move acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitmentSearchAbout UsEmployersTestimonialsContact UsCopyright Special MoveSC656651"
