"USA Grants - Assistance to help veteran with mortgage, utilities, and job?First time here? Check out the FAQ!Hi there! Please sign in helptags users badgesThe site is temporarily read-only. Only viewing of the content is possible at the moment.ALL UNANSWEREDAsk Your Question0Assistance to help veteran with mortgage, utilities, and job?grantsmortgagebillsveteranunemployedasked 2014-09-02 18:05:20 -0800rod11 ●1 ●2I'm just out of the military and I had 2 full time jobs plus going to on-line school on the GI bill for my first degree, now the main job laid me off and I'm trying to find a grant to help with morgage, utilites, so we can keep me and the family in the house with only my income to keep the minor kids feed and in school. HOAs trying to Forclose when late three months. The job market in NV is low pay. We don't qualify for State assistance by a couple $100's. Thank you for any help or info.edit retag flag offensive close merge delete1 answerSort by » oldest newest most voted0answered 2014-09-02 18:07:18 -0800fgcguy151 ●1Thank you for your military service. Have you checked out the Department of Veterans Affairs website? They have resources for home loans and education that may help. Unfortunately, there aren't many grants for mortgage and utility bills. But Nevada does have the SNAP program to help feed families. Also in Nevada, recent legislation created a “mediation program” that should provide a trained mediator to you in a meeting with the bank or lending agency. Your local government (e.g. Mayor's office or local HUD office) should be able to provide you with specific phone numbers to contact. You may also consider explaining the situation to your employer and even asking for a slight deduction in pay to qualify for state assistance.edit flag offensive delete link moreQuestion toolsFollow1 followerStatsAsked: 2014-09-02 18:05:20 -0800Seen: 604 timesLast updated: Sep. 02, '14Related questionsHow may I get help?Looking for government grant.Grants or assistance for major dental repair work?How can I get a grant for rent and bills?Where can I get assistance with power bill?Are there personal grants out there that I could get to pay off personal debts?I helped the FBI in a case that resulted in 10 arrests. Can I get a grant?How can I get a grant to help my child with ADHD?Copyright © 2014, Concept Creative, All Rights Reserved.USAGrants.us is not affiliated with the United States Government and is a privately operated web site.about | help | faq | give feedbackprivacy policy and terms of usePlease note: USA Grants requires javascript to work properly, please enable javascript in your browser, here is how"
