"CNC Programmer (Haverhill, Massachusetts)CNC Programmer (Haverhill, Massachusetts)Job TypeFull-Time RegularCityHaverhillStateMACountryUnited StatesAs an ITAR regulated facility all candidates must be a U.S. citizen or possess a current U.S. Permanent Residency card.Position SummaryDevelop and maintain CNC programs using Siemens NX to support manufacturing processes for rotating aerospace components. Maintain file structure to insure proper integration of models between process, drafting, tooling and manufacturing groups. Work closely with manufacturing personnel to insure CNC program accuracy and integrity.CompensationMagellan Aerospace, Haverhill offers excellent career opportunities, competitive salary, health and pension benefits packages. Starting salary will be based on experience and qualifications.Essential Responsibilities• Develop/implement 3-4-5 axis CNC programs from drawings/solid models/IGES files etc…• Update CNC programs for quality improvement and process efficiency• Work directly with manufacturing personnel to review/implement process improvements• Work directly with outside tooling representatives to review/implement latest tooling/methods• Use statistical methods to evaluate and solve machining program/process issues• Work directly with CNC programming staff to insure best practices are reviewed/incorporated• Test/implement NX software updates to insure continuity of CNC programs• Work directly with staff management/CI staff to meet department quality/efficiency goals• Interface directly with engineering staff/customers etc… as required to alleviate process issuesPosition Requirements• BSME or equivalent experience in aerospace manufacturing environment• 5+ years - preferably in aerospace machining environment with 3-4-5 axis & Millturn equipmentAbout us:Magellan Aerospace is a global, integrated aerospace company that provides complex assemblies and systems solutions to aircraft and engine manufacturers, and defence and space agencies worldwide. The organization officially adopted the name “Magellan Aerospace Corporation” in 1996; deriving it from the intrepid explorer Ferdinand Magellan. His global exploits at the turn of the 15th century established a number of firsts, so the company’s vision has been to carry this same legacy into the future of the aerospace industry.At Magellan we have over 80 years of collective knowledge and experience in the aerospace industry, and believe one truth: People create value. Employees are our greatest resource in working towards a successful future, and together we build professional relationships that thrive. We know that personal development is fundamental to the success of every individual, and every individual is fundamental to the success of our business, so we invest in our employees and provide excellent career progression opportunities. When you are part of Magellan, you are a part of the team!Date Posted1/05/2021Number of Openings1ApplyProcessing..."
