"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs16 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchSoftware Engineering Data Collection Digital Media Business Intelligence (BI) Python Data ManagementRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9005) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Data Science (7) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6)Data Analysis (6) Excel (5) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) ETL (3) Machine Learning (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3) Statistics (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisAssistant Director of Business IntelligenceThe University of Texas System Austin, TX, USAFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Jan 15, 2021Full-timeFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Demand Generation ManagerQuorum Analytics Washington D.C., DC, USAConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Dec 29, 2020Full-timeConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Clinical Data ScientistPfizer Peapack, NJ, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Sr. Data ManagerPfizer Groton, CT, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Junior Data AnalystWhiteHat New Jersey, USAChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how...Dec 18, 2020ApprenticeshipChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how...Software Engineer, Vehicle User Interface (C++)Tesla Austin, TX, USAThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Software Development EngineerAmazon San Diego, CA, USAAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Frontend DeveloperCactus Communications RemoteAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Principal Data EngineerAmgen Tampa, FL, USAWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Senior Software Engineer/DeveloperFidelity Investments Westlake, TX, USAProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Database Platform EngineerTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Sr. Data Analyst, Commercial Service OperationsTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Senior Manager / Associate Director - Data Strategy & GovernanceGilead Sciences Foster City, CA, USAThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...May 04, 2020Full-timeThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
