"Maryland Green Jobs - Client Partner Executive in Bethesda, Maryland, United StatesMaryland Green JobsMaryland.govPhone DirectoryState AgenciesOnline ServicesMaryland.gov HomeFacebookTwitterYouTubeSocial Media DirectoryWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (12,973)Job InformationIBM Client Partner Executive in Bethesda, MarylandIntroductionAt IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.Your Role and ResponsibilitiesThe Client Partner Executive (CPE) constructs partnerships between clients, team IBM, vendors, and subcontractor organizations and manages the implementation of these partnerships to meet the needs of our clients and represent the value of IBM. They have equally balanced skills in five key general management areas of client relationship management, consultative selling, financial / business management, portfolio / program management and team / people management. The CPE is the overall leader who owns and is accountable for all activities on large complex IT Services contract(s).Responsible to deliver all contractual obligations to clients and maintain a positive business control posture.Responsible to coordinate across other IBM brands to ensure the best solutions are presented to clients.Accountable for meeting revenue, profit, sales growth, delivery, and for improving overall customer satisfaction.Responsible to build and maintain strong client relationships at all levels with the objective of being a trusted business partner.Proactively work with clients to identify their business and IT challenges, objectives, priorities, directions and critical success factors.Applies this knowledge to establish and implement an Account Strategy that includes delivery of IBM Services and account growth.Translate customer requirements into formal agreements, establishing specific solutions, and leading the efforts that culminate in client acceptance of the results.Have overall responsibility for their contractual cost, schedule, and contractual deliverables.Manage IBM resources and coordinates client resources to deliver services and solutions to support the client organization.Recognized for business acumen by the customer set they support.Leads a functional/business unit.Skills:Environment:Business unit, country, or international professional mastery related to operations, strategies, and objectives in leading edge or critical situations.Communication/Negotiation:Teamwork at highest levels. Plan and conduct complex negotiations reaching lasting agreements and commitments.Problem Solving:Anticipate, create and define innovative and visionary concepts in strategic environment.Contribution/Leadership:Develops and implements product, market, business, or technology strategies with executive review. Has vision of overall strategies. Contributes to policy making. Recognized as an expert and leader by members of a field, related functions, and multi -country organizations. Leads business unit, country, or international teams, conducts special projects, or manages functions or strategic departments.Impact on Business/Scope:Accountable for business unit, major country, or international projects or programs. Responsible for committing multiple resources and achieving customer satisfaction, cost, expense, revenue and other business measurements of critical importance. Responsible for quality output/value add for highly visible products, services and future business development.Required Technical and Professional ExpertiseAdaptable and flexible to work environment including, but not limited to, out of town travel as required to meet business commitments and working overtime, as business needs may require, handling multiple tasks concurrently, and easily adapting to new assignments, system, tools; produce clear, concise, accurate written communication, clearly conveying thoughts and ideas to peers, management, and customers; establish and maintain positive work relationships with peers, management, and customers, displaying willingness to understand diverse points of view; learn and apply new equipment and tools within an acceptable timeframe; and assume ownership of assignments, completing commitments on time. (While all of these continuing responsibilities apply to all jobs in IBM, the specific ways in which they apply may vary job to job).Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise• Cope with stressors and demands that are associated with the job and/or the work environment so that acceptable and defined levels of performance and overall contribution are maintained. (While all jobs involve dealing with stressors, the particular stressors may vary job to job).• Work in areas which adhere to state and federal regulatory standards, or where no such standards exist, to nationally accepted guidelines; i.e., dust, fumes, physical and chemical agents.About Business UnitAt Global Technology Services (GTS), we help our clients envision the future by offering end-to-end IT and technology support services, supported by an unmatched global delivery network. It's a unique blend of bold new ideas and client-first thinking. If you can restlessly reinvent yourself and solve problems in new ways, work on both technology and business projects, and ask, \"What else is possible?\" GTS is the place for you!Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.Location StatementIBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.IBM intends this job to be performed entirely outside of Colorado.Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaClient Partner ExecutiveBethesdaMarylandClear AllContact UsPrivacyAccessibilityPostersMPIAMD AgenciesAyuda en español500 North Calvert Street, Baltimore, MD 21202FacebookTwitterYouTubeMD Social Media Directory"
