"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesRetail 859 Engineering 37 Other 26 Logistics 17 Inventory 17 Transportation 17Warehouse 17 Sales 8 Construction 7 Business 2 Professional Services 2 Veterinary Services 2MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 5Refine by Salary Range$100,000 - $150,000 5 $150,000 - $200,000 5 $200,000 and up 5Information Technology (IT) Pharmaceutical Management Defense Customer Service Program Management Telecommunications Skilled Labor Health Care General Labor Manufacturing Wisconsin80 jobs foundJan 23, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network West Bend, WI, USAJan 23, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Stevens Point, WI, USAJan 23, 2021Operations ManagerThe Kroger Company Company Name:Mazomanie Distribution CenterPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Exempt Position Summary: Provide leadership and direction to ensure performance of the Production Process. Drive results that achieve planned levels of costs and progress for the effectiveness of key performance indicators. Role model and demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of others. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for daily operations of production activities in a fast paced warehouse. Plan and control operating costs and facility budgets. Maintain operational standards and have the ability to identify and correct conditions that affect employee safe behaviors. Manage and maintain mandated sanitation standards Ensure proper work methods are being followed to maximize productivity and performance. Monitor and meet all order accuracy requirements, maintaining a Customer 1st strategy that focuses on quality...Professional Diversity Network Mazomanie, WI 53560, USAJan 23, 2021Account Manager -EnterpriseOverview We have tremendous growth opportunities ahead, and are seeking a high-performing, entrepreneurial Account Manager to drive solutions sales in our enterprise market. This role is primarily responsible for acquiring new enterprise business across enterprise entities. As a consultative sales professional, the Account Manager is responsible for driving revenue growth and bringing in net new business from prospects and current customers across the assigned market. Account Managers solve the client's business needs and align business outcomes with Black Box solution(s). Account Managers uncover opportunities and are responsible for qualifying, coordinating resources and driving sales across the entire opportunity pipeline. Preferred Locations: Des Moines IA, Milwaukee or Green Bay WI, Kansas City KS, Responsibilities Identify customer needs and effectively understand and respond to customer objections Connect client's business objectives with Black Box offerings and...Black Box Wisconsin, USAJan 22, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Appleton, WI, USAJan 22, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Sun Prairie, WI 53590, USAJan 22, 2021e-Commerce Supervisor - 891The Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:60 Position SummaryManage the overall day-to-day operations of the store's e-Commerce department to achieve desired sales objectives, goals and budgets. Responsible for staffing the department and developing associates to achieve desire results. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety.Essential Job FunctionsEnsure that the store e-Commerce department meets/exceeds customer expectations for ease of shopping, variety, freshness and cleanlinessInterview, select and hire candidates to staff the on-line shopping departmentMeet the demands of product flow and create schedules according to guidelinesDevelop associates to meet the productivity standards and certify associates once they meet or exceed goalsConfirm that associates are following local, state, and federal laws in addition to all food safety procedures and company guidelinesTrain associates...Professional Diversity Network Mt Pleasant, WI, USAJan 22, 2021Senior Electronics SpecialistHeadquartered in Smithfield, Va., since 1936, Smithfield Foods, Inc. is an American food company with agricultural roots and a global reach. Our 40,000 U.S. employees are dedicated to producing \"Good food. Responsibly.®\" and have made us one of the world's leading vertically integrated protein companies. We have pioneered sustainability standards for more than two decades, including many industry firsts, such as our ambitious commitment to cut our carbon impact by 25 percent by 2025. We believe in the power of protein to end food insecurity and have donated hundreds of millions of food servings to our neighbors in need. Smithfield boasts a portfolio of high-quality iconic brands, such as Smithfield®, Eckrich®, and Nathan's Famous®, among many others. For more information, visit www.smithfieldfoods.com , and connect with us on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram . The purpose of this position is to provide for the efficient and continuous...Smithfield Foods Cudahy, WI 53110, USAJan 21, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Mosinee, WI 54455, USAJan 21, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Pewaukee, WI, USAJan 21, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Fond du Lac, WI, USAJan 21, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Waukesha, WI, USAJan 21, 2021General ManagerOverview Why join Patterson? Patterson Companies is a value-added distributor focused on providing best-in-class products, services and technology to the dental and animal health markets. Driven to meet the needs of healthcare professionals in these growing markets, Patterson provides a total-package approach to doing business. Our customers benefit from a diverse platform of products and services, as well as the convenience and peace of mind that come with relying on one trusted partner for everything they need. Who are we looking for? Patterson Dental is looking for a results-oriented leader with a history of strong sales and operations success, preferably as a manager in the dental or medical device field. What can you expect as a General Manager? As a General Manager, you will direct and supervise the sales and internal operations of the branch, including management of the sales team. You will partner with the Operations manager to develop firm...Patterson Companies Inc Milwaukee, WI, USAJan 21, 2021Operations ManagerOverview Why join Patterson? Patterson Companies is an industry-leading specialty distributor serving the dental, veterinary and rehabilitation supply markets. Driven to meet the needs of healthcare professionals in these growing markets, Patterson provides a total-package approach to doing business. Our customers benefit from a diverse platform of products and services, as well as the convenience and peace of mind that come with relying on one trusted partner for everything they need. What can you expect as an Operations Manager? As an Operations Manager with Patterson Dental, you will partner with the General Manager and Regional Leadership team to develop local market strategy by aligning branch and corporate initiatives to encourage growth of current business and cultivate new customers. You will direct and supervise all branch and sales operational functions, including but not limited to: repair and installation of dental equipment and...Patterson Companies Inc Milwaukee, WI, USAJan 20, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Wausau, WI, USAJan 20, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Appleton, WI, USAJan 20, 2021Meat Department Manager - 373The Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-exempt Position Summary: Embrace the Customer 1st strategy create an outstanding customer experience through exceptional service. Establish and maintain a safe and clean environment that encourages our customers to return. Achieve sales and profit goals established for the department, and monitor/control all established quality assurance standards. Direct, support and supervise all functions, duties and activities for the Meat department. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion. Essential Job Functions: Promote trust and respect among associates by communicating company, department, and job specific information. Collaborate with associates and promote teamwork to help achieve company/store goals. Establish performance goals for department and empower associates to meet or exceed targets. Develop adequate scheduling to manage customer volume...Professional Diversity Network Brookfield, WI, USAJan 20, 2021Pharmacist Float - Greater Milwaukee AreaThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Provide professional pharmacy services, including filling prescriptions, counseling patients and supervising pharmacy technicians. Assure that all services comply with professional standards and applicable statutes and regulations. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Adhere to all local, state and federal health and civil codes. Adhere to all state and federal guidelines regarding annual licensing and restrictions on dispensing drugs. Interpret physicians' prescriptions and enter prescription and patient data...Professional Diversity Network Brookfield, WI, USAJan 19, 2021Pharmacy Technician - Metro Market Level ProgramThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Brookfield, WI, USAJan 19, 2021Pharmacy TechnicianThe Kroger Company Company Name:Roundy'sPosition Type:EmployeeFLSA Status:Non-Exempt Position Summary: Demonstrate a passion for people while creating an excellent customer experience by maintaining a friendly, safe and clean environment. Promote and deliver a shopping experience focused on providing customers with efficient service through hands-on knowledge of Pharmacy products. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety. Essential Job Functions: Demonstrate teamwork to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant working and shopping environment. Provide friendly and efficient customer service by demonstrating sincerity, patience and respect in all customer interactions and by thanking customers for their business. Greet customers in a genuine and friendly manner throughout the store and assist them by escorting them to products, performing price checks, load/unloading heavy items and helping them to retrieve out...Professional Diversity Network Schofield, WI, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
