"Winter-Spring 2021 International Program Intern | Center for Economic and Policy Research | HandshakeHomeLearn MoreHelpYou are viewing a preview of this job. Log in or register to view more details about this job.Winter-Spring 2021 International Program InternCenter for Economic and Policy ResearchTweetEmailThe Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) is currently looking for an International Program Intern for Winter-Spring 2021. The internship starts in January 2021 and will end in May 2021 (the specific dates are somewhat flexible). This is a full-time, remote position.Job Description: Responsibilities include assisting staff with research on upcoming papers and opinion pieces; working on outreach to press, advocacy organizations, and Congress; assisting in tracking and logging press mentions; and helping with data entry related to our website redesign. It may also include generating website content and organizing events with Latin American delegations, CEPR staff, and visiting academics.The responsibilities vary based on the applicant’s interests and experience, as well as the particular issues that CEPR is working on at the time. Interns will be able to attend relevant events around Washington, DC.Qualifications: We are looking for applicants with a general understanding of economics, international relations, and democracy issues, and an interest in economic justice. Previous research, data, and/or outreach experience is extremely helpful; interns with strong economics or foreign policy experience (including Master’s degrees) will have the opportunity to engage in serious research, and those with strong organizing or outreach experience may have event management opportunities. Proficiency in Spanish is preferred. The intern will need to be able to work in a fast-paced environment with limited supervision and be a self-starter and independent learner. Excellent writing and communications skills are necessary. Applicants affected by the issues that CEPR works on are especially encouraged to apply.Compensation: CEPR is committed to offering an internship program that allows people from all backgrounds to participate. As such, all CEPR internships are paid and interns are eligible for reimbursement of health insurance plan costs. Interns will receive about $2,475 per month. Up to about $268 per month is available for health insurance plan costs.Closing Date of Position: Sunday, December 6, 2020 (at 11:59 PM, Eastern time)In rare, extenuating circumstances, the application period may be extended or shortened. In the event that the application period is shortened, CEPR will update this posting to notify candidates that they have seven days to apply.To Apply: Send the following, in a single PDF file, to apply[at]cepr.net with the subject line “Winter-Spring 2021 International Program Intern”:a cover letter;a résumé, and;a brief (2 page) answer to one of the following writing prompts:How can the US improve its foreign policy toward Latin America? -or-Briefly describe how macroeconomic policy has helped or hurt the economy of (1) the eurozone or (2) the Latin American region since the world financial crisis and recession (2008–09).Please do not submit additional information apart from the three items listed above. You may address your cover letter to the International Intern Search Committee, if you wish.The search committee usually makes a decision within three weeks of the deadline of the application. If you have any questions, please email cepr[at]cepr.net, the contact for the International Program Intern Search Committee. Absolutely no calls or faxes, please, and no additional emails.Organization Description: The Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) was established in 1999 to promote democratic debate on the most important economic and social issues that affect people’s lives. It is an independent nonpartisan think tank based in Washington, DC. CEPR is committed to presenting issues in an accurate and understandable manner, so that the public is better prepared to choose among the various policy options.CEPR is an ideal place to learn about current economic and global justice issues in a friendly, relaxed and fun environment.CEPR is an equal opportunity employer that considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any legally protected status."
