"Gila-Bend, AZ Careers | Experis Jobs | Job SearchSkip to ContentAudiencesFind an officeJob CategoriesInformation Technology JobsFinance JobsEngineering JobsOther OpportunitiesWorking with ExperisAbout ExperisWorking on Your TermsCorporate CareersTraining & DevelopmentConsultant Quick LinksSocial ResponsibilityVeterans ProgramFAQsCareer ResourcesIT ResourcesFinance ResourcesEngineering ResourcesEmployersRefine SearchRefine SearchKeywordZip Code25 miles25 miles50 miles100 miles500 miles1000 miles2500 milesJob TypeclearAllContract (3)Permanent (8)CategoryclearAllEngineering (1)Finance (0)IT (8)Other Opportunity (2)Main ContentJobs in Gila-Bend, AZSort by:AlphabeticalMost PopularNewest FirstDistanceProject Manager - Finance SAPGeneral Description: Responsible for planning, directing, and coordinating activities of projects to ensure that project goals are accomplished within the specified time frame and funding parameters. This position will be focused on PO processes with SAP ECC Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Directs large-scale, complex projects often involving multiple internal and external constituents. Able to quickly build collaborative relationships with project stakeholders and project team members Directly manages all aspects of the project lifecycle and works with department leadership in a matrix environment. Ensures project results are clearly articulated within scope and delivered business benefits are of the highest caliber. Rigorously manages scope to ensure commitments are achieved and time, cost and quality parameters are met. Performs resource capacity analysis and resource plan management in partnership with department leadership. Defines and tracks project milestones while developing, maintaining and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan. Serves as subject matter expert in briefing stakeholders in aspects of project progress related to work completion, scope, cost and quality. Prepares and manages all project related management plans in support of obtaining business benefits. Ensures flexibility in their use of project management methodology based on the project requirements (Agile, Waterfall, or a hybrid). Validates financial forecasts and provides on-going reconciliation of resources and other related project expenditures. Apply strong attention to detail and function strategically within project teams; proactively look at the customer roadmap and journey while advancing short and long-term project and customer goals Makes good decisions in ambiguous situations and provides stakeholders with recommendations and contingency plans. Represents the project in various project governance and inter-department forums. Publishes scheduled project status reports. Facilitates the procurement and sourcing process by defining deliverables, managing procurement team tasks, and ensuring negotiation activities are tracked and documented. Is a mentor and coach to team members and/or other project managers. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications: This position requires at least Eight consecutive years of project management experience to include package implementation and support of complex business and technology projects. The ideal candidate will have a practical understanding and experience in key Purchase Order processes Must have sound business and technical acumen. ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Scottsdale, AZDistance:71 milesDate Posted:Jan 13, 202112 days agoIndustry:ITGeneral Description: Responsible for planning, directing, and coordinating activities of projects to ensure that project goals are accomplished within the specified time frame and funding parameters. This position will be focused on PO processes with SAP ECC Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Directs large-scale, complex projects often involving multiple internal and external constituents. Able to quickly build collaborative relationships with project stakeholders and project team members Directly manages all aspects of the project lifecycle and works with department leadership in a matrix environment. Ensures project results are clearly articulated within scope and delivered business benefits are of the highest caliber. Rigorously manages scope to ensure commitments are achieved and time, cost and quality parameters are met. Performs resource capacity analysis and resource plan management in partnership with department leadership. Defines and tracks project milestones while developing, maintaining and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan. Serves as subject matter expert in briefing stakeholders in aspects of project progress related to work completion, scope, cost and quality. Prepares and manages all project related management plans in support of obtaining business benefits. Ensures flexibility in their use of project management methodology based on the project requirements (Agile, Waterfall, or a hybrid). Validates financial forecasts and provides on-going reconciliation of resources and other related project expenditures. Apply strong attention to detail and function strategically within project teams; proactively look at the customer roadmap and journey while advancing short and long-term project and customer goals Makes good decisions in ambiguous situations and provides stakeholders with recommendations and contingency plans. Represents the project in various project governance and inter-department forums. Publishes scheduled project status reports. Facilitates the procurement and sourcing process by defining deliverables, managing procurement team tasks, and ensuring negotiation activities are tracked and documented. Is a mentor and coach to team members and/or other project managers. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications: This position requires at least Eight consecutive years of project management experience to include package implementation and support of complex business and technology projects. The ideal candidate will have a practical understanding and experience in key Purchase Order processes Must have sound business and technical acumen. ...Full Description Share with a FriendCustomer Service RepresentativeResponsible for : Handling customer/client/contra calls, opening new accounts, updating existing accounts, customer correspondence, transfer of accounts, wired funds, foreign currency conversion, received/issued checks and stock certificates. Requires previous customer service and data entry experience with a high degree of accuracy. Must be articulate, have a pleasant telephone manner and excellent verbal and written skills. Flexibility is a key aspect of this role and must be equally comfortable with direct client interaction as well as having the ability to network, research and resolve client operational issues. General PC skills required including experience with Word, Excel and Outlook. Anu Insan Sr. ...Job Type:ContractLocation:Phoenix, AZDistance:58 milesDate Posted:Jan 23, 20212 days agoIndustry:Call Centre and Customer ServiceResponsible for : Handling customer/client/contra calls, opening new accounts, updating existing accounts, customer correspondence, transfer of accounts, wired funds, foreign currency conversion, received/issued checks and stock certificates. Requires previous customer service and data entry experience with a high degree of accuracy. Must be articulate, have a pleasant telephone manner and excellent verbal and written skills. Flexibility is a key aspect of this role and must be equally comfortable with direct client interaction as well as having the ability to network, research and resolve client operational issues. General PC skills required including experience with Word, Excel and Outlook. Anu Insan Sr. ...Full Description Share with a FriendOSP Engineer - IIIJOB DUTIES: Looking for experienced OSP and GIS engineer in the Phoenix market to augment core employee staff. MUST HAVE SKILLS: This contractor will be aiding my core team in completing OSP and GIS tasks such as fiber design, detailed design review, GIS, and fiber inventory and planning activities. Responsibilities: Responsible for managing all engineering and construction activities associated with expanding and maintaining the OSP network infrastructure. Familiar with engineering and operational requirements of maintenance and fiber relocation efforts Leads large scale projects, driving productivity through use of vendor resources to meet deliverable. Engages appropriate internal and external organizations with professional written/verbal communications to accomplish required tasks. Coordinates project activities with contractors, developers, municipalities and consultants. Proposes solutions supported by sound engineering and operational productivity to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. Recognizes vulnerabilities in network infrastructure and makes intelligent decisions to ensure reliability - within financial constraints. Prepares detailed cost analysis, project specifications, spend forecasts, route mapping, requisitions, and business justifications. Processes reports, vendor invoices, material receipts, and other administrative duties. Receives general instruction, otherwise performs independently with minimal supervision, exercising latitude to achieve daily objectives and approaches to critical/complex assignments. ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Tempe, AZDistance:63 milesDate Posted:Jan 8, 202117 days agoIndustry:TelecommunicationsJOB DUTIES: Looking for experienced OSP and GIS engineer in the Phoenix market to augment core employee staff. MUST HAVE SKILLS: This contractor will be aiding my core team in completing OSP and GIS tasks such as fiber design, detailed design review, GIS, and fiber inventory and planning activities. Responsibilities: Responsible for managing all engineering and construction activities associated with expanding and maintaining the OSP network infrastructure. Familiar with engineering and operational requirements of maintenance and fiber relocation efforts Leads large scale projects, driving productivity through use of vendor resources to meet deliverable. Engages appropriate internal and external organizations with professional written/verbal communications to accomplish required tasks. Coordinates project activities with contractors, developers, municipalities and consultants. Proposes solutions supported by sound engineering and operational productivity to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. Recognizes vulnerabilities in network infrastructure and makes intelligent decisions to ensure reliability - within financial constraints. Prepares detailed cost analysis, project specifications, spend forecasts, route mapping, requisitions, and business justifications. Processes reports, vendor invoices, material receipts, and other administrative duties. Receives general instruction, otherwise performs independently with minimal supervision, exercising latitude to achieve daily objectives and approaches to critical/complex assignments. ...Full Description Share with a FriendProject CoordinatorGeneral Description: The Project Administrator / Coordinator provides project management support to the PMO department by assisting with administrative and coordination activities required for projects. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Maintains project documents such as: project plans, risk/contingency plans, issue and action item listings, expense tracking reports, and project status reports. Supports Organizational Change Management activities as needed. Schedules meetings, prepares meeting space (conference room set-up, network connectivity, WebEx, etc.) records and publishes meeting minutes. Performs follow-up on action items assignments, escalates significant risks and issues to the primary project manager. Perform all activities required for on-boarding and off-boarding project support personnel, arrange for computer equipment, security, network access, office supplies, etc. Monitors project costs and resource usage including the maintenance of time tracking spreadsheets and project team vacation calendar. Compile internal project expense reporting for Accounting and Finance Routing and recording of project related invoices. Serves as the department's records management coordinator. Qualifications: This position requires 2 or more years of related experience in project administration and/or office administration. Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word and PowerPoint) tools required. Document management experience a plus. This position requires excellent interpersonal, analytical, communication, organizational, and problem solving / critical thinking skills. This position also requires excellent interpersonal, analytical, communication, organizational, and problem solving skills. In addition, this position requires the candidate be able to multi-task and work successfully within strict deadlines. Knowledge of Microsoft Project and Visio desired. Experience with Scrum / Agile is preferred. The role requires someone who is a self-starter, who can work independently, but is not afraid to ask questions and understands the value of asking questions to ensure understanding and alignment. Educational Requirements: This position requires an Associate's Degree or equivalent work experience in Project Management, Computer Science, Business Administration, Business Analysis, or related field. ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Scottsdale, AZDistance:71 milesDate Posted:Jan 4, 202121 days agoIndustry:RetailGeneral Description: The Project Administrator / Coordinator provides project management support to the PMO department by assisting with administrative and coordination activities required for projects. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Maintains project documents such as: project plans, risk/contingency plans, issue and action item listings, expense tracking reports, and project status reports. Supports Organizational Change Management activities as needed. Schedules meetings, prepares meeting space (conference room set-up, network connectivity, WebEx, etc.) records and publishes meeting minutes. Performs follow-up on action items assignments, escalates significant risks and issues to the primary project manager. Perform all activities required for on-boarding and off-boarding project support personnel, arrange for computer equipment, security, network access, office supplies, etc. Monitors project costs and resource usage including the maintenance of time tracking spreadsheets and project team vacation calendar. Compile internal project expense reporting for Accounting and Finance Routing and recording of project related invoices. Serves as the department's records management coordinator. Qualifications: This position requires 2 or more years of related experience in project administration and/or office administration. Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word and PowerPoint) tools required. Document management experience a plus. This position requires excellent interpersonal, analytical, communication, organizational, and problem solving / critical thinking skills. This position also requires excellent interpersonal, analytical, communication, organizational, and problem solving skills. In addition, this position requires the candidate be able to multi-task and work successfully within strict deadlines. Knowledge of Microsoft Project and Visio desired. Experience with Scrum / Agile is preferred. The role requires someone who is a self-starter, who can work independently, but is not afraid to ask questions and understands the value of asking questions to ensure understanding and alignment. Educational Requirements: This position requires an Associate's Degree or equivalent work experience in Project Management, Computer Science, Business Administration, Business Analysis, or related field. ...Full Description Share with a FriendProject ManagerLeads corporate initiatives, which may cover multiple business areas and multiple systems. Provides leadership, support and the overall management for the project, including scope, budget, risk management, communications, implementation and warranty. . Reports status and health measurements through various communication methods to stakeholders and direct line management. Contributes to the improvement of the Agile Enterprise Services team by participating in continuous improvement activities and leading through innovation. GUIDE AND SHAPE: Performs job functions in a lead capacity with general management oversight Contribute to the further development & maturity of AES process, tools, and methodology through innovation and continuous improvement. Provide input for team member performance reviews. Lead complex enterprise-wide projects and/or programs Assist management in production support and project resource planning. Identify new opportunities or processes leveraging agile principles for AES to continue to continuously improve Evaluate high-level project information and assess project components to identify software delivery, business and vendor teams that may be impacted. Provide peer-level review and mentoring to levels 1 and 2 Each progressive level includes the ability to perform the essential functions of any lower levels and mentor employees in those levels. Participate in corporate quality and data governance programs The position requires a full-time work schedule. ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Phoenix, AZDistance:58 milesDate Posted:Jan 8, 202117 days agoIndustry:Health and SafetyLeads corporate initiatives, which may cover multiple business areas and multiple systems. Provides leadership, support and the overall management for the project, including scope, budget, risk management, communications, implementation and warranty. . Reports status and health measurements through various communication methods to stakeholders and direct line management. Contributes to the improvement of the Agile Enterprise Services team by participating in continuous improvement activities and leading through innovation. GUIDE AND SHAPE: Performs job functions in a lead capacity with general management oversight Contribute to the further development & maturity of AES process, tools, and methodology through innovation and continuous improvement. Provide input for team member performance reviews. Lead complex enterprise-wide projects and/or programs Assist management in production support and project resource planning. Identify new opportunities or processes leveraging agile principles for AES to continue to continuously improve Evaluate high-level project information and assess project components to identify software delivery, business and vendor teams that may be impacted. Provide peer-level review and mentoring to levels 1 and 2 Each progressive level includes the ability to perform the essential functions of any lower levels and mentor employees in those levels. Participate in corporate quality and data governance programs The position requires a full-time work schedule. ...Full Description Share with a FriendSenior ManagerSenior Manager- Data Warehouse & Analytics The Data Analytics & Governance Senior Manager will report into the CIO and will be responsible to define and deliver the governance, processes, tools and solutions to drive the organization toward a fact-based, data driven culture. This role will plan and deploy an enterprise data and analytics strategy to support the TPI Composites roadmap. Responsibilities The Analytics Leader will work closely with leaders across businesses and functions to support and implement high-quality, data-driven decisions Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data warehousing and analytics techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities. Build, develop and maintain data models, reporting systems, dashboards and performance metrics that support key business decisions Own the design and delivery of data sets that enable self-service reporting to analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics. Oversee the data/report requests process: tracking requests submitted, prioritization, approval, etc. Operational support of the key analytics platforms, including the enterprise data warehouse. Manage a team comprising of technical data architect and analysts Requirements and Qualifications Minimum of seven years of experience in a data analyst or data warehousing position or IT equivalent Demonstrated success leading analytics initiatives as well as vast experience working with a wide range of data in order to support business objectives Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to communicate analytical concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources. Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries Excellent analytical skills, the ability to manage multiple projects under strict timelines, as well as the ability to work well in a demanding, dynamic environment and meet overall objectives Degree in business administration or a technology-related field, or equivalent work- or education-related experience Experience working with Public Companies and leading or managing Sarbanes-Oxley related IT general and application controls testing. High level of personal integrity, as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and show an appropriate level of judgment and maturity High degree of initiative, dependability and ability to work with little supervision while being resilient to change Knowledge of latest technology advancements in Oracle and Snowflake databases is desirable Experience leading and supporting analytics projects from business case creation to project execution (including managing a project plan and providing monthly status updates) Knowledge of Matillion Extract, Transform and Load tool is desirable Experience with Agile project delivery framework and Jira isJob Type:PermanentLocation:Scottsdale, AZDistance:71 milesDate Posted:Jan 6, 202119 days agoIndustry:ITSenior Manager- Data Warehouse & Analytics The Data Analytics & Governance Senior Manager will report into the CIO and will be responsible to define and deliver the governance, processes, tools and solutions to drive the organization toward a fact-based, data driven culture. This role will plan and deploy an enterprise data and analytics strategy to support the TPI Composites roadmap. Responsibilities The Analytics Leader will work closely with leaders across businesses and functions to support and implement high-quality, data-driven decisions Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data warehousing and analytics techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities. Build, develop and maintain data models, reporting systems, dashboards and performance metrics that support key business decisions Own the design and delivery of data sets that enable self-service reporting to analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics. Oversee the data/report requests process: tracking requests submitted, prioritization, approval, etc. Operational support of the key analytics platforms, including the enterprise data warehouse. Manage a team comprising of technical data architect and analysts Requirements and Qualifications Minimum of seven years of experience in a data analyst or data warehousing position or IT equivalent Demonstrated success leading analytics initiatives as well as vast experience working with a wide range of data in order to support business objectives Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to communicate analytical concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources. Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries Excellent analytical skills, the ability to manage multiple projects under strict timelines, as well as the ability to work well in a demanding, dynamic environment and meet overall objectives Degree in business administration or a technology-related field, or equivalent work- or education-related experience Experience working with Public Companies and leading or managing Sarbanes-Oxley related IT general and application controls testing. High level of personal integrity, as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and show an appropriate level of judgment and maturity High degree of initiative, dependability and ability to work with little supervision while being resilient to change Knowledge of latest technology advancements in Oracle and Snowflake databases is desirable Experience leading and supporting analytics projects from business case creation to project execution (including managing a project plan and providing monthly status updates) Knowledge of Matillion Extract, Transform and Load tool is desirable Experience with Agile project delivery framework and Jira isFull Description Share with a FriendSoftware data analystData analyst/software data analyst needed for long term contract role remote from Tempe. Come join a great team and expand your skills! Must have strong SQL skills and be comfortable with organizing large amounts of data. Having a passion for video games is highly preferred. Responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to the following: Subject matter expert for Telemetry and other game/user data Identify & Create data usage plans and visualizations with area and title owners Provide some bug prevention via risk prediction, proactive testing, design feedback, and detailed feature specifications Create and/or provide feedback on Test Specifications, Coverage plans & Test Passes Driving data analysis to improve and direct test coverage through visualized data and better test passes Work with Production & use critical thinking to identify bad data Create test plans to validate data integrity Present data centric reports, test reviews, or process improvements to the client Ability to drive and evangelize creative data visualizations throughout the department Is a self-starter, proactive in performing duties, gets work done efficiently Solve problems independently and share solutions across teams Strong knowledge of and able to configure commonly used testing hardware and software tools Qualifications and Education Requirements: Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience/training 2+ years of experience as a data analyst, all relevant related experience may be considered Strong knowledge of software testing standards, methodologies and conventions, product development life cycle, and telemetry specifications Demonstrated success in coordinating the test efforts for one or more software projects as well as testing software products and contributing to their quality standards using data Power BI or equivalent data analysis software Strong SQL knowledge Preferred Skills: Microsoft Office Suite Intermediate level knowledge of one or more scripting languages (R Script, JavaScript, VBScript, Perl Script or Windows batch files)Job Type:ContractLocation:Tempe, AZDistance:63 milesDate Posted:Jan 8, 202117 days agoIndustry:ITData analyst/software data analyst needed for long term contract role remote from Tempe. Come join a great team and expand your skills! Must have strong SQL skills and be comfortable with organizing large amounts of data. Having a passion for video games is highly preferred. Responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to the following: Subject matter expert for Telemetry and other game/user data Identify & Create data usage plans and visualizations with area and title owners Provide some bug prevention via risk prediction, proactive testing, design feedback, and detailed feature specifications Create and/or provide feedback on Test Specifications, Coverage plans & Test Passes Driving data analysis to improve and direct test coverage through visualized data and better test passes Work with Production & use critical thinking to identify bad data Create test plans to validate data integrity Present data centric reports, test reviews, or process improvements to the client Ability to drive and evangelize creative data visualizations throughout the department Is a self-starter, proactive in performing duties, gets work done efficiently Solve problems independently and share solutions across teams Strong knowledge of and able to configure commonly used testing hardware and software tools Qualifications and Education Requirements: Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience/training 2+ years of experience as a data analyst, all relevant related experience may be considered Strong knowledge of software testing standards, methodologies and conventions, product development life cycle, and telemetry specifications Demonstrated success in coordinating the test efforts for one or more software projects as well as testing software products and contributing to their quality standards using data Power BI or equivalent data analysis software Strong SQL knowledge Preferred Skills: Microsoft Office Suite Intermediate level knowledge of one or more scripting languages (R Script, JavaScript, VBScript, Perl Script or Windows batch files)Full Description Share with a FriendSoftware developer in TestThe Need in a Nutshell We need a skilled software development engineer in test who can collaborate with a centralized technology team as well as international development partners to plan, build, maintain, run, and report on automated testing for a top video game. Must have a passion for video gaming! Team Collaboration & Communication Skills Ability to drive conversations with a centralized shared technology team, determine which tech can be used/leveraged for Flight Simulator automation and what cannot, and then work with leadership to forge a plan to integrate/leverage/run/report on. Ability to drive conversations with the development partner(s) who build the product itself, to determine what's possible to automate today, what could be done in the future, and how to get there. Ability to forge automation plan(s), and update as needed. Ability to communicate and report on status/tracking of progress, and actual test results from automation run Technical Skills: High competency with C#, .NET Standard, .NET Framework, and .NET core. High competency in logic, problem solving Familiarity with C+ Azure DevOps experience a big plus Experience: 3+ years general SDET experience Must have 1+ years writing, building, maintaining, automated testing 1+ years working in video games 1+ years working in Live Ops (GaaS,Job Type:ContractLocation:Tempe, AZDistance:63 milesDate Posted:Jan 21, 20214 days agoIndustry:ITThe Need in a Nutshell We need a skilled software development engineer in test who can collaborate with a centralized technology team as well as international development partners to plan, build, maintain, run, and report on automated testing for a top video game. Must have a passion for video gaming! Team Collaboration & Communication Skills Ability to drive conversations with a centralized shared technology team, determine which tech can be used/leveraged for Flight Simulator automation and what cannot, and then work with leadership to forge a plan to integrate/leverage/run/report on. Ability to drive conversations with the development partner(s) who build the product itself, to determine what's possible to automate today, what could be done in the future, and how to get there. Ability to forge automation plan(s), and update as needed. Ability to communicate and report on status/tracking of progress, and actual test results from automation run Technical Skills: High competency with C#, .NET Standard, .NET Framework, and .NET core. High competency in logic, problem solving Familiarity with C+ Azure DevOps experience a big plus Experience: 3+ years general SDET experience Must have 1+ years writing, building, maintaining, automated testing 1+ years working in video games 1+ years working in Live Ops (GaaS,Full Description Share with a FriendSoftware test engineerQA Software Test Engineer - AAA game titles and are you passionate about playing video games? Come join our team and expand your skills. Long term contract role and must be able to work out of Tempe Arizona facility once it opens. Local candidates are preferred! Experis Game Solutions is a strategic partner to the largest and most well-respected game developers and publishers in the world, with mature QA testing programs in Seattle and Portland. We are seeking seasoned QA Test Engineers to help us duplicate this success and spearhead a new venture, testing AAA game console & PC titles. ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Tempe, AZDistance:63 milesDate Posted:Jan 21, 20214 days agoIndustry:ITQA Software Test Engineer - AAA game titles and are you passionate about playing video games? Come join our team and expand your skills. Long term contract role and must be able to work out of Tempe Arizona facility once it opens. Local candidates are preferred! Experis Game Solutions is a strategic partner to the largest and most well-respected game developers and publishers in the world, with mature QA testing programs in Seattle and Portland. We are seeking seasoned QA Test Engineers to help us duplicate this success and spearhead a new venture, testing AAA game console & PC titles. ...Full Description Share with a FriendSTEQA Software Test Engineer - AAA game titles. Having a passion for video games is required! Experis Game Solutions is a strategic partner to the largest and most well-respected game developers and publishers in the world, with mature QA testing programs in Seattle and Portland. We are seeking seasoned QA Test Engineers to help us duplicate this success and spearhead a new venture, testing AAA game console & PC titles. We have shipped over 100 games over the last 5 years ranging from PC, to XBOX, Kinect, Mobile, and Arcade games. This is a unique opportunity to play an integral role in building and evolving a large team of testers in our new, state-of-the-art facility in sunny Tempe, AZ (suburban Phoenix). ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Tempe, AZDistance:63 milesDate Posted:Jan 13, 202112 days agoIndustry:ITQA Software Test Engineer - AAA game titles. Having a passion for video games is required! Experis Game Solutions is a strategic partner to the largest and most well-respected game developers and publishers in the world, with mature QA testing programs in Seattle and Portland. We are seeking seasoned QA Test Engineers to help us duplicate this success and spearhead a new venture, testing AAA game console & PC titles. We have shipped over 100 games over the last 5 years ranging from PC, to XBOX, Kinect, Mobile, and Arcade games. This is a unique opportunity to play an integral role in building and evolving a large team of testers in our new, state-of-the-art facility in sunny Tempe, AZ (suburban Phoenix). ...Full Description Share with a FriendTest Associate (SQ)Test Location - Tempe Arizona Video Game Test Associate Can you imagine getting paid to make video games better?? Well here is your chance! Experis is a partnering with a premier publisher of AAA video game titles to create a new Games Testing team in Tempe. As a Quality Assurance Software Test Associate you will work with a talented team that is innovative, fun, and results-oriented. We promote a team mentorship culture that drives new projects using cutting-edge technology & processes. *On the job training is provided *Must be local to Tempe AZ area to pick up your equipment and training * Must have home office set-up for work from home/remote work *Able to work M-F 9-6 pm 40 hrs/week Skills: *Analytical mindset with an inqusitive nature (interested in understanding how something works) *General understanding of gaming theory *Strong written and verbal communications skills *Quick learner not afraid to ask questions and be open to receiving direction Responsibilities: *Follow, complete, and update assigned test cases as a video game tester *Detect, research, and document software defects in a bug tracking system. ...Job Type:PermanentLocation:Tempe, AZDistance:63 milesDate Posted:Jan 25, 20210 days agoIndustry:ITTest Location - Tempe Arizona Video Game Test Associate Can you imagine getting paid to make video games better?? Well here is your chance! Experis is a partnering with a premier publisher of AAA video game titles to create a new Games Testing team in Tempe. As a Quality Assurance Software Test Associate you will work with a talented team that is innovative, fun, and results-oriented. We promote a team mentorship culture that drives new projects using cutting-edge technology & processes. *On the job training is provided *Must be local to Tempe AZ area to pick up your equipment and training * Must have home office set-up for work from home/remote work *Able to work M-F 9-6 pm 40 hrs/week Skills: *Analytical mindset with an inqusitive nature (interested in understanding how something works) *General understanding of gaming theory *Strong written and verbal communications skills *Quick learner not afraid to ask questions and be open to receiving direction Responsibilities: *Follow, complete, and update assigned test cases as a video game tester *Detect, research, and document software defects in a bug tracking system. ...Full Description Share with a FriendPlease wait while we gather your results.Sign Up For Our Job & Career NewslettersYouTube Pinterest Follow us on Twitter Friend us on FaceBook Find us on LinkedInContact Us© ManpowerGroup - all rights reserved.Jobs | Privacy | Terms of Use | Accessibility | California Notice at CollectionMenuJob CategoriesInformation Technology JobsFinance JobsEngineering JobsOther OpportunitiesWorking with ExperisAbout ExperisWorking on Your TermsTraining & DevelopmentConsultant Quick LinksSocial ResponsibilityCorporate CareersVeterans ProgramFAQsCareer ResourcesIT ResourcesFinance ResourcesEngineering ResourcesEmployersCountry/Language"
