"Job details - Community College Job NetworkFind a JobPost a JobMenuHomeSearch JobsAbout CCJNPricingAdvertiseContactJob detailsDirector of Strategic Initiatives and PlanningGo to our website »Position Number: 2121820Location: San Mateo, CAPosition Type: Human ResourcesDirector of Strategic Initiatives and PlanningSan Mateo County Community College DistrictPosting Number: 20141023SDepartment: Educational Svcs & Planning DIST (DEPT)Location: District OfficePosition Number: 1F0001Percentage of Full Time: 100%FLSA: Exempt (does not accrue overtime)Months per Year: 12If other, please specify:Salary Range:Note:Min Salary: $135,240 (annual)Max Salary: $171,324 (annual)Position Type: Administrative/Supervisory PositionsWho We Are:The San Mateo County Community College District is committed to achieving educational equity for all students. As outlined in the Districts Strategic Plan, success, equity, and social justice for our students are longstanding goals. The Districts Students First Strategic Plan is focused on Student Success, Equity and Social Justice. We provide students with a rich and dynamic learning experience that embraces differences emphasizing collaboration and engaging students in and out of the classroom, encouraging them to realize their goals, and to become global citizens and socially responsible leaders. When you join our team at San Mateo County Community College District, you can expect to be part of an inclusive, innovative and equity-focused community that approaches higher education as a matter of social justice that requires broad collaboration among faculty, classified staff, administration, students and community partners.The College and the District:The San Mateo County Community College District is home to Caada College, College of San Mateo, and Skyline College. All three of our colleges are designated as Hispanic Serving Institutions enrolling approximately 33,000 students each academic year. San Mateo County Community College District has a diverse student population that is a reflection of the communities that it serves. Detailed information about the student population, including data related to student success, can be found on the San Mateo County Community College Districts Educational Services & Planning website.Who We Want:We value the ability to serve students from a broad range of cultural heritages, socioeconomic backgrounds, genders, abilities and orientations. Therefore, we prioritize applicants who demonstrate they understand the benefits diversity brings to a professional educational community. The successful candidate will be an equity-minded individual committed to collaborating with faculty, classified staff, administration, students and community partners who are also committed to closing equity gaps. The San Mateo County Community College District seeks employees who value mentorship and working in a collegial, collaborative environment, guided by a commitment to helping all students achieve their educational goals.The Position:Responsible to the Vice President of Planning, Research, and Institutional Effectiveness (PRIE), and under the general direction of the Vice Chancellor of Educational Services and Planning, the Director of Strategic Initiatives and Planning is a full-time 12-month position responsible for managing initiatives, partnerships, and grant development efforts that support the implementation of the District Strategic Plan. This position is expected to manage the office, both its staffing and budgets; identify opportunities, including funding sources, and to support the development and sustainability of District and college programs. The Director develops projects and grant proposals; identifies and interprets policies; develops procedures; engages in technical writing; and maintains effective collaboration with District and college leadership, external partners and various internal and external stakeholders.Duties and Responsibilities:The duties below are representative of the duties of the classification and are not intended to cover all of the duties performed by the incumbent(s) of any particular position. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the scope of work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to this classification.1. Plan, direct, organize, and manage the administration of high quality initiatives and partnerships that support the Districts Strategic Plan and further student success2. Develop proposals and solicit grants from external funding sources; work with the District and colleges to apply for public and private grants to support district-wide efforts; administer grant funding3. Monitor district-wide grant projects, including but not limited to the submission of required reports as necessary in accordance with grant contract terms and agency requirements, federal, state, and District, policies and regulations. Analyze, plan, and implement systems to support efficient and effective management of grant funds and grant funded activities4. Work with the Director of District-wide Research and Institutional Effectiveness and the colleges to design and implement program evaluation processes and procedures to assess effectiveness of strategic initiatives related to external funding sources5. Work with the Director of District-wide Research and Institutional Effectiveness and the colleges to evaluate outcomes of strategic initiatives aligned with the metrics of the District Strategic Plan6. Maintain operational, financial, and related records required by granting agencies and prepare reports for grant funded projects as required7. Perform duties in conformance with applicable rules, regulations, policies, and procedures8. Train, motivate, and oversee the work of staff, student assistants, and contract employees9. Direct, coordinate, and participate in short-range and long-range planning; conduct research and surveys to determine current effectiveness and future needs; prepare related reports and plans and share with the District and college community10. In collaboration with District and college leads, liaise with business organizations, governmental agencies, community and regional groups, other community colleges, and four-year colleges and universities11. Participate in a variety of committee and staff meetings in support of economic development programs and activities; participate in other related committee assignments as required, both on and off campus12. Perform related duties as required or assignedMinimum Qualifications:Possession of a Masters degree or above from an accredited institution, preferably in business, public administration, or a related discipline OR the equivalentThree years of increasingly responsible experience in public administration, policy analysis or related programs, which include grant writing, budget development and managementDemonstrated cultural competence, sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students, faculty, and staffPhysical Requirements:This classification requires viewing a monitor, sitting, and working at a computer for extended lengths of time; repetitive use of keyboard, mouse and other office equipment; the ability to type, use phone, occasionally lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects and materials up to 35lbs; manual dexterity of hands and fingers to operate keyboard, mouse and phone; and ability to operate a motor vehicle and drive to off campus locations in order to perform the essential functions.Equivalence to Minimum Qualifications:Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:1. Knowledge of higher education policies, procedures, and practices2. Knowledge of and experience in strategic initiative and partnership development and management3. Skill in preparing clear, concise, comprehensive, and technical written and oral reports4. Ability to learn, interpret, and successfully apply District policies, procedures, rules, and regulations5. Demonstrated skills in successful interpersonal communication and leadership6. Proficiency in the use of a variety of computer software to format, compose and prepare statistical, financial and narrative reports, presentations and other written materials7. Understanding of and commitment to the role and purpose of the community college district8. Successful experience in writing and securing grants (public and private)9. Knowledge of basic research and planning methods10. Experience in training, supervising, directing, and evaluating the work of others11. Quality collaborator with a superior work ethic and good sense of humorPreferred Qualifications:Benefits:Benefits include paid holidays, vacation and sick leave. The District pays all or a portion of monthly medical plan premiums (depending on the coverage) and pays all of the monthly dental and vision plan premiums for employees and eligible dependents. Additional paid benefits include life insurance, salary continuance insurance, and an Employee Assistance Program. Academic employees participate in the State Teachers Retirement System, a defined-benefit retirement plan through the State of California (no contributions to Social Security). Optional tax-deferred 403(b) and 457 retirement plans are also available.Open Date: 01/12/2021First Review Date: 02/23/2021Close Date:Open Until Filled: YesSpecial Instructions Summary:Required Application MaterialsAll applicants are required to submit:1. A completed online District application form (go to https://jobs.smccd.edu to complete the application and to apply for this position).2. A resume that details all relevant education, training, and other work experience.3. A cover letter of no more than 3 pages that addresses the applicants cultural competence, sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students, faculty, and staff as well as the applicants qualifications as they relate to the requirements, knowledge, skills, and abilities listed in this announcement.Candidates for interview will be selected from among those who most closely meet the requirements and knowledge, skills and abilities. Meeting the minimum qualifications does not guarantee an interview. As part of the interview process, candidates may be asked to demonstrate job-related knowledge and skills.For questions related to this posting, please contact:SMCCCD Office of Human Resources3401 CSM Drive, San Mateo, CA 94402Tel.: (650) 574-6555Fax:(650) 574-6574Web Page: www.smccd.edu/hrConditions of Employment:Prior to employment, the selected candidate will be required to complete the following:1. Submit official transcripts (applies to all faculty or educational administrative positions)Foreign Education completed outside of the United States must be deemed equivalent to that gained in conventional/accredited U.S. education programs in order for it to be considered for the satisfaction of minimum qualifications. Foreign transcripts must be translated and evaluated by a U.S.-based credentials evaluation service. The District currently accepts evaluations from agencies approved by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing..2. Submit verifications of prior employment3. Satisfactory references4. Successfully being cleared for employment through the background checking processIn addition to background checks, the District may review publicly available information about a candidate on the Internet. If a candidate is aware of incorrect or inaccurate information that is available on the Internet, the candidate is welcome to address such an issue with the Office of Human Resources..5. Present original documents for proof of eligibility to work in the United States6. Approval of your employment by the SMCCCD Board of Trustees7. Provide a certificate of Tuberculosis exam for initial employment.8. Have fingerprints taken by a Live Scan computer (Clearance must be received prior to first day of employment). Please note that the California Education Code requires, in part, that community college districts shall not employ or retain in employment persons in public school service who have been convicted of certain felonies, a misdemeanor drug charge (including alcohol offenses) or misdemeanor moral turpitude (sexual offense) crime. However, consideration may be given to those whose drug convictions occurred more than five years ago. A conviction for other crimes may not necessarily disqualify you from the job for which you may be applying.EEO Statement:The San Mateo County Community College District is an Equal Opportunity Employer that seeks to employ individuals who represent the rich diversity of cultures, language groups, and abilities of its surrounding communities.Accommodations:Applicants who have disabilities may request that special accommodations be made in order to complete the selection process. Accommodation request forms and a copy of the Americans with Disabilities Act applicant procedures are available in the Office of Human Resources.Annual Security Report:San Mateo County Community College Districts (SMCCCD) 2019 Annual Security Report (ASR), required by the Clery Act, includes statistics for the previous three years concerning reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings owned or controlled by SMCCCD; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from SMCCCD. Our 2019 Annual Security Report also outlines various campus safety and security policies, such as those concerning crime reporting, prevention and response to sexual and gender violence, alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, emergency response and evacuation procedures, and other matters. The 2019 Annual Security Report also includes important tips to help every member of the community remain safe and avoid becoming a victim of crime. The 2019 Annual Security Report is now available. You can also obtain a copy of this report by contacting the Department of Public Safety at the District Office or any of the three Campuses (650) 738-7000.To apply, visit: https://jobs.smccd.edu/Copyright 2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved.Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agencyjeid-9894f4aa408a5545958524eab6d6cdfd	Post a JobMy AccountEmployer Sign UpEmployer LoginAbout CCJNCommunity College Job Network is the #1 place to find jobs and careers at community colleges. For employers we are the affordable, highly-effective recruitment solution that helps community colleges find and recruit top professors, administrators, chancellors, presidents, adjunct instructors, financial aid officers, and other academic professionals to work at their institutions.Follow US© Copyright 2021 Community College Job Network. All rights reserved.By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Learn more about how we use cookies by reviewing our Cookie Policy."
