"Job Listings at BerkleyBerkleyPlease Enable Cookies to ContinuePlease enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.Welcome page Welcome pageReturning Candidate?Log back in!Job ListingsHere are our current job openings. Please click on the job title for more information, and apply from that page if you are interested.Use this form to perform another job searchThe system cannot access your location for 1 of 2 reasons:Permission to access your location has been denied. Please reload the page and allow the browser to access your location information.Your location information has yet to be received. Please wait a moment then hit [Search] again.Start your job search hereCategory (All) Actuarial Administrative Audit Aviation Business Services Claims Compliance Executive/President Facilities/Maintenance Finance/Accounting Hourly/Temporary Positions Human Resources Information Technology Investments Legal Managed Care Operations Premium Audit Product Development Risk Assessment Risk Management Sales/Marketing Underwriting WRB Management - OperationsCompany (All) Virtual Acadia Insurance Admiral Insurance Group American Mining Insurance Berkley Accident and Health Berkley A&H – Special Risk Division Berkley Agribusiness Berkley Alliance Managers Berkley Alternative Markets Tech Berkley Aspire Berkley Asset Protection Berkley Canada Berkley Classics Berkley Construction Professionals Berkley Crime Berkley Custom Insurance Managers Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions Berkley Design Professional Underwriters Berkley Entertainment Berkley Environmental Berkley FinSecure Berkley Financial & Statutory Services Berkley Fire & Marine Underwriters Berkley Global Product Recall Management Berkley Healthcare Financial Lines Berkley Healthcare Berkley Human Services Berkley Industrial Comp Berkley Insurance Asia Hong Kong Berkley Insurance Asia Japan Berkley Insurance Asia Labuan Berkley Insurance Asia Singapore Berkley Insurance Australia Berkley International Puerto Rico Key Risk Berkley Latin America and Caribbean Managers Berkley Life Sciences Berkley Luxury Group Berkley Managers Insurance Services, LLC Berkley Medical Management Solutions Berkley Medical Excess Underwriters Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group Berkley Net Underwriters Berkley North Pacific Group Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers UK, Ltd Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers Berkley Oil & Gas Berkley One Berkley Prime Transportation Berkley Professional Liability Berkley Program Specialists Berkley Public Entity Berkley Re America Berkley Re Australia Berkley Re Hong Kong Berkley Re Singapore Berkley Re Solutions Berkley Re U.K. Berkley Recreational Marine Berkley Risk Administrators Company Berkley Select Berkley Service Professional Underwriters Berkley Regional Marketplace Berkley Regional Shared Services Berkley Southeast Insurance Group Berkley Surety Berkley Technology Services Berkley Technology Services UK LLC Berkley Technology Underwriters BXM Insurance Services, Inc Carolina Casualty Insurance Group Continental Western Group Gemini Transportation Underwriters Global Underwriters Interlaken Capital Aviation Services Intrepid Direct Insurance Midwest Employers Casualty Nautilus Insurance Group Preferred Employers Insurance Specialty IT Services Steamboat Asset Management Union Standard Insurance Group Vela Insurance Services Verus Underwriting Managers W. R. Berkley Corporation W. R. Berkley Europe AG W. R. Berkley Europe AG Germany Branch W. R. Berkley Europe AG Norway Branch W. R. Berkley Europe AG Spain Branch W. R. Berkley Europe AG Sweden Branch W. R. Berkley European Services GmbH W. R. Berkley Spain SLU WRB Underwriting WRBC Development UK, Ltd WRBC Services, Limited WRBC Support ServicesLocation (All) UK-POST-LON-London US US-AL US-AL-Homewood US-AZ US-AZ-Scottsdale US-CA-Los Angeles US-CA-San Diego US-CA-Walnut Creek US-CO US-CO-Englewood US-CT-Greenwich US-CT-Rocky Hill US-CT-Stamford US-CT-West Hartford US-DC-Washington US-DE-Wilmington US-FL US-FL-Jacksonville US-FL-Miami US-GA-Alpharetta US-GA-Atlanta US-GA-Lawrenceville US-IA-Urbandale US-ID US-ID-Meridian US-IL-Chicago US-IL-Naperville US-IL-Schaumburg US-IN US-KS-Overland Park US-MA-Boston US-MA-Marlborough US-MD US-MD-Towson US-ME-Westbrook US-MN-MINNEAPOLIS US-MN-Saint Paul US-NC US-NC-Charlotte US-NC-Greensboro US-NH-Bedford US-NJ US-NJ-Ewing US-NJ-Hamilton Square US-NJ-Jersey City US-NJ-Morristown US-NJ-Mount Laurel US-NY US-NY-New York US-OH US-OH-Cincinnati US-OH-West Chester US-OR-Lake Oswego US-PA US-PA-Blue Bell US-PA-Philadelphia US-SC US-TN US-TN-Nashville US-TX US-TX-Dallas US-TX-Houston US-TX-Irving US-UT US-VA US-VA-Glen Allen US-VA-Manassas US-WA US-WA-Bellevue US-WA-Seattle US-WI-AppletonOne additional field has been createdTwo additional fields have been createdOne field has been collapsedTwo fields have been collapsedClick column header to sortSearch Results Page 3 of 9Sort By Sort By... ID (Ascending) ID (Descending) Title (Ascending) Title (Descending) Company (Ascending) Company (Descending) Location Name (Ascending) Location Name (Descending) Primary Location (Ascending) Primary Location (Descending) Loc2 (Ascending) Loc2 (Descending) Loc3 (Ascending) Loc3 (Descending) Loc4 (Ascending) Loc4 (Descending) Loc5 (Ascending) Loc5 (Descending) Loc6 (Ascending) Loc6 (Descending) Responsibilities (Ascending) Responsibilities (Descending)Company Berkley Accident and HealthLocation Name NJ, Hamilton SquareTitle Senior UnderwriterThe Senior Underwriter will seek profitable growth of the company’s portfolio of stop loss business by analyzing and selecting risks based on qualified underwriting criteria that adhere to the company’s established underwriting guidelines. This position will work cross-functionally with clinical, actuarial, claims and distribution to carry through new and renewal business strategies in a professional and thoughtful manner. This role is an individual contributor role, working under the supervision of the Underwriting Manager and/or AVP, Underwriting. In this capacity, the Senior Underwriter will manage his/her workload with a sense of urgency around quote deadlines and production targets. This role will require proactive collaboration with underwriting management to review more complex cases requiring a higher degree of underwriting authority. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: - Write and retain profitable stop loss cases adhering to the company’s guidelines and within assigned letter of authority. - Work collaboratively with clinical underwriting staff to ensure adequate risk premium is established based on known, ongoing claimants. - Develop and maintain successful relationships with target production sources within assigned programs, as well as with BAH Sales and Account Management. - Accurately document underwriting thought process and authority reviews through company journal and filing system.ID2020-4514Primary LocationUS-NJ-Hamilton SquareCompany Berkley Accident and HealthLocation Name NJ, Hamilton SquareTitle AVP, UnderwritingThe Assistant Vice President of Underwriting will seek profitable growth of the company’s portfolio of stop loss business by analyzing and selecting risks based on qualified underwriting criteria that adhere to the company’s established underwriting guidelines. This position will work cross-functionally with senior leadership in the areas of underwriting, clinical, actuarial, claims and distribution to formulate new and renewal business strategies and to negotiate complex cases in a professional and thoughtful manner. This position will also strive to innovate in the areas of underwriting operational efficiency, in accordance with the company’s ongoing commitment to innovation and its core behaviors. This role is both an individual contributor role, where the AVP of Underwriting will maintain a production workload of the more complex cases and business relationships, while also managing a staff of underwriters and providing appropriate guidance, management and mentorship. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: - Write and retain profitable stop loss cases that require a higher degree of underwriting judgement and discretion. - In addition to transactional underwriting review, proactively manage assigned blocks of business within overall targets set by segment leaders, actuarial and finance, with a strong understanding and appreciation for the varying financial components particular to each segment. - Develop and maintain successful relationships with target production sources within assigned programs. Foster trust and effective collaboration in order to more successfully manage the negotiation of complex cases and programs. - Collaborate with company’s senior leadership team to produce annual financial targets including rate, retention and overall premium growth. Monitor department KPIs, and participate in overall product strategic development. - Oversee the activity assignments and workload balance of assigned underwriting staff. - Support staff on challenging risk evaluations, service situations, and during periods of high case volume. Use these opportunities to promote underwriter training, with an eye towards operational efficiency and consistency in underwriting approach. - Ensure staff is properly composing, preparing, and generating correspondence, proposals, and other reports as needed or required. - Oversee the review of Applications, Policies, Plan Documents/Amendments, and Proposal Contingencies ensuring that they are complete, accurate and in accordance with the sold case terms.ID2020-4513Primary LocationUS-NJ-Hamilton SquareCompany Berkley Program SpecialistsLocation Name GA, Alpharetta - 3655 North Point ParkwayTitle Underwriting CoordinatorPerform various processing, billing and data entry functions as assigned and conduct quality control checks on various products. - Enter data, per underwriter instructions and applications, into rating systems. - Issue and email policies/endorsements. - Perform quality control checks prior to emailing policies to agents. - Communicate with underwriters and agents to ensure a high level of understanding and accuracy. - Issue Cancellation and Non-Renewal notices upon request. - Post direct bill payments into Company billing system. - Respond to customer billing inquiries and resolve any issues. - Maintain a consistent quantity and quality of work, at prescribed standards. - Prepare loss runs and expiration lists as requested by agents. - Perform other duties as assigned.ID2020-4512Primary LocationUS-GA-AlpharettaCompany Berkley Southeast Insurance GroupLocation Name TN, Nashville - 25 Century BlvdTitle Policy Service Technician IIPosition Overview: Responsible for handling the quoting and issuance of New Business, Renewals and Endorsements as specified by renewal cycles or agency submissions. Interaction with Underwriting Assistants and Underwriters occurs daily. Individual will be expected to have a pleasant demeanor and present themselves in a professional manner at all times. Specific Areas of Responsibility: - Rate and issue quotes, new business, renewals and endorsements using the available systems and local software programs - Obtains and reviews pertinent information needed to evaluate renewals and endorsements as requested, according to prescribed criteria and authority - Review, analyze and process requests received from agents as directed. Take necessary action when requesting additional information needed to process business. Follow up with the appropriate internal and external customers - Maintain quality and time standards as established - Provide timely, courteous and efficient service to all internal and external customers - Communicates timely and in a positive manner. Written and oral communication should be clear, concise and articulate - Document files with the appropriate underwriting/rating information to assure activity and analysis is clear, concise and completed as directed - Perform other duties as assignedID2020-4509Primary LocationUS-TN-NashvilleCompany WRBC Support ServicesLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 14902 N 73rd StreetTitle Regional Vice PresidentAs a founding member of a new Operating Unit focused on Private Company Management Liability, the Regional Vice President (RVP) is responsible for contributing to the overall strategic direction of the Operating Unit and directly responsible for the regional distribution strategy and the agency engagement strategy to drive growth and to drive profitability. The position will be based in the region of responsibility and required travel will be approximately 40%. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: - Regional Management of line of business strategies and profitability - Formulate and execute Agency appointments and contribute to Agency Compensation Strategy - Hire and develop next generation underwriting and operational talent keen on reshaping industry standards - Manage workflows, staffing resources and appropriate application of technology to ensure market leading Agent, Customer and Employee experience - Establish strong relationships with agents in driving mutually beneficial results - Monitor Competitors’ offering; and emerging issues; and trends impacting profitability, appetite underwriting guidelines and strategies - Establish partnerships across Regional Operating Units and serve as liaison on Distribution and UW issues - Communicate key information to Operating Unit staff in a timely and efficient manner - Collaborate with the Operating Unit leadership and field team to adjust practices and protocols for operational efficiencyID2020-4508Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleLoc2ArizonaCompany Berkley Oil & GasLocation Name TX, Houston - 2107 CityWest BlvdTitle Senior Technical Claims SpecialistID2020-4506Primary LocationUS-TX-HoustonCompany Admiral Insurance GroupLocation Name NJ, Mount LaurelTitle Associate Underwriter - CasualtyThe Admiral Insurance Group Casualty Associate Underwriter will work in a team setting underwriting and servicing new and renewal accounts for the development and retention of our General Liability business. - Production and underwriting of new and renewal account business - Compliance with underwriting documentation rules and guidelines - Maintain an acceptable underwriting profit - Adherence to Admiral underwriting guidelines and referral compliance - Development and maintenance of key broker/agent relationships - Participates in all internal company training and continuing education - Remains current on product releases as it pertains to General Liability - Attends strategic marketing calls to key brokersID2020-4503Primary LocationUS-NJ-Mount LaurelCompany Gemini Transportation UnderwritersLocation Name MA, Boston - 99 Summer StreetTitle Software DeveloperGemini Transportation Underwriters is looking for a Software Developer to support the business in the support of existing and development of new software applications, databases, data mart and reports which align with the business goals and objectives; oversee testing and resolve software defects; investigate and reconcile system and workflow problems; assist in the design, engineering, implementation and support of information systems. Duties and Responsibilities: - Support and continually improve the functionality of our custom internally focused Business Operations System using C#, .NET and SQL Server. - Support and continually improve the functionality to our custom externally focused on-line quoting platform GeminiExpress using C#, .NET and SQL Server. - Develop, test, implement and maintain business software applications, websites, databases, data mart and reports. - Leverage advanced front end application and back end database construction skills to ensure the end to end operation and integrity of the application - Utilize advanced database skills (Stored Procs, triggers, inner/outer joins, Data Modeling, etc.) - Coordinate with business users to gather requirements, identify system problems and enhancements - Analyze existing workflow and processes for efficiency; recommend and implement needed changes - Provide project status reports as requested - Assist in supporting existing applications - Perform other duties and/or projects as assignedID2020-4493Primary LocationUS-MA-BostonCompany Berkley Professional LiabilityLocation Name NY, New York - 757 Third Ave - 10th FloorTitle Vice President, Transactional Risk UnderwriterThe Vice President, Transactional Risk Underwriter will underwrite all aspects Representations and Warranties Insurance for Global Financial and Strategic Buyers acquiring North American Targets in most industry segments. Underwriting will occur on deal time and underwriting decisions will be made in a commercial fashion while maintaining underwriting discipline. The Vice President will develop their own “personal brand” among brokers, buyer counsel and buyers in order to win business. Berkley Transactional is a division of Berkley Professional Liability. Our Mission is to provide creative and customized insurance solutions that enable buyers and sellers in M&A transactions to execute their transactions efficiently and effectively. We provide seamless execution, professional interaction, stable capacity with fair pricing, reliable coverage and professional claims handling.ID2020-4490Primary LocationUS-NY-New YorkCompany WRBC Support ServicesLocation Name GA, LawrencevilleTitle Recovery Claims RepresentativeThis position is responsible for investigating, evaluating, reserving, negotiating, and settling of primarily workers compensation subrogation claims; however, the candidate for this position may also be called upon to assist with related casualty and property subrogation claims. - Evaluates assigned subrogation claims to determine liability and recovery potential - Prepares subrogation demands and communicates with other insurance carriers - Negotiates liability and damages with tortfeasors and/or insurance companies - Initiate Special Arbitration filings via Arbitration Forums - Address claim inquires and compose correspondence - Manage claims referred to outside legal counsel and/or service providers - Occasional travel may be required to attend mediation and to visit business partnersID2020-4489Primary LocationUS-GA-LawrencevilleLoc2IA, Urbandale - 11201 Douglas AvenueCompany WRBC Support ServicesLocation Name PA, Philadelphia - 1880 JFK BoulevardTitle Assistant Vice PresidentThe Assistant Vice President is responsible for contributing to the overall financial results, profitable growth and sales culture for the region. S/he will report to the Regional Vice President of Berkley Management Protection and be based within the assigned region. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: - Grow the Private Company Management Liability lines of business in assigned territory - Work closely with the Regional Vice President to establish and implement a sales culture - Establish strong relationships with agents in driving mutually beneficial results through agency planning, production and growth - Manage distribution and negotiate agency appointment agreements - Cultivate and pursue relationships in Insurtech and Affinity business - Monitor competitor’s offerings and emerging industry issues - Mentor junior colleagues regarding sales acumen and product knowledge - Embrace relevant technology and actively improves skillset through formal and informal learning - Be a resource for new and innovative ideas to continually challenge the status quo - Influence the structure of the region to capitalize on the strengths of the individual team members - Work with the Regional Vice President and Senior Leadership team to develop and drive underwriting and business strategies within region and nationally.ID2020-4486Primary LocationUS-PA-PhiladelphiaLoc2New YorkLoc3New JerseyCompany WRBC Support ServicesLocation Name CT, West Hartford - 433 S Main StreetTitle Marketing ConsultantThis dynamic temporary Marketing Consultant role is for an initial assignment of up to 6 months but successful performance may lead to longer term employment opportunities. The Marketing Consultant reports to the company President and is responsible for building Berkley Management Protection’s brand within the Independent Agency Channel and through Social Media platforms. Primary responsibilities will include creating public awareness for the brand, product, services and overall business position within the market and researching competitors’ positioning. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: - Provides timely and appropriate advice and written strategies on marketing approach and product launch - Brand research projects and develop brand strategy - Develop, draft and compile press materials, product copy, images for marketing to distribution partners and media distribution - Support event planning: Product Launch, Regional Office Openings, Staff Announcements - Design and purchase BMP merchandise to support brand, product and marketing efforts - Create tracking and profitability measures for marketing campaigns - Research and monitor emerging issues, future channel trends and anticipate impact to business - Research and Develop Social Media Strategy - Develop training modules on how to use Social Media within designated marketplace. - Partner with cross-functional marketing teams to support the brand and cross-sell product. - Communicate key information to Operating Unit staff in a timely and efficient manner - Collaborate with the Operating unit leadership and field underwriting leadership to adjust practices and protocolsID2020-4484Primary LocationUS-CT-West HartfordCompany Acadia InsuranceLocation Name MA, Marlborough - 290 Donald J Lynch BoulevardTitle Inland Marine Underwriter TraineeAt Acadia, we value our employees, our customers and our communities. Employees at Acadia are part of a progressive company where everyone can make a difference. We promote an inclusive environment which encourages continuous learning and the chance to grow and develop. Acadia has a great opportunity to start your career in insurance as an Inland Marine Underwriter Trainee. Participants in this program will learn all aspects of commercial property and casualty insurance underwriting. During the program which begins in June 2019, trainees will learn how to evaluate, select and price commercial risks and will travel to other Acadia locations to make connections with peers. Upon successful completion of all required training, you will be promoted to Inland Marine Associate Underwriter and will work in our Marlborough, MA or Albany, NY office.ID2020-4479Primary LocationUS-MA-MarlboroughCompany Acadia InsuranceLocation Name MA, Marlborough - 290 Donald J Lynch BoulevardTitle Casualty Claims TraineeAt Acadia, we value our employees, our customers and our communities. Employees at Acadia are part of a progressive company where everyone can make a difference. We promote an inclusive environment which encourages continuous learning and the chance to grow and develop. Acadia has a great opportunity to start your career in insurance as a Claims Trainee. During the program which begins in June of 2021, participants will learn all aspects of commercial property and casualty insurance. Upon completion of the program, the Claims Trainee will be promoted to Associate Claim Representative and will work in our Marlborough, MA or Bedford, NH office. You will build relationships with agents and insureds throughout Massachusetts by working with them on investigating, evaluating, reserving, negotiating and resolving casualty claims.ID2020-4473Primary LocationUS-MA-MarlboroughCompany Acadia InsuranceLocation Name MA, Marlborough - 290 Donald J Lynch BoulevardTitle Underwriter TraineeAt Acadia, we value our employees, our customers and our communities. Employees at Acadia are part of a progressive company where everyone can make a difference. We promote an inclusive environment which encourages continuous learning and the chance to grow and develop. Acadia has a great opportunity to start your career in insurance as an Underwriter Trainee! Participants in this program will learn all aspects of commercial property and casualty insurance underwriting. During the program, which will begin in June 2021, trainees will learn how to evaluate, select and price commercial risksID2020-4472Primary LocationUS-MA-MarlboroughCompany W. R. Berkley CorporationLocation Name FL, MiamiTitle RecruiterWe are looking for a Recruiter to join our Internal Recruiting team. The Recruiter will contribute to the organization by executing the duties and tasks associated with the full life cycle of recruiting for our Latin America Region including sourcing, screening, recommending candidates for positions at all levels, negotiating offer terms and onboarding new hires across multiple operating units. Proactively and creatively source candidates for current and future positions in order to build diverse candidate pools. The recruiter owns and drives the end to end recruiting process leveraging our ATS to deliver an efficient and effective process to business partners. - Collaborates with the Vice President of Human Resources (VP HR), Hiring Manager and other internal stakeholders to build a recruiting plan to attract top talent including job postings, job descriptions, market intelligence, recruiting outsources and outlets leveraging the ATS - Delivers overall candidate experience as created by VP Talent Management including responding to candidate inquiries, application status requests and other requests for information - Ensures candidates’ experiences and interactions reflects each operating unit’s culture and performance expectations - Tracks and reports on recruiting metrics. Meet or exceed key performance indicators and service level agreements including but not limited to time to fill, cost to fill, interview-to-hire ratio - Proactively sources, identifies and engages passive candidates to build and maintain a quality and diverse pipeline to build the prospective talent pool - Engages external recruiters within corporate guidelines - Designs, builds and implements innovative recruitment programs such as internships, college recruiting and employee referral bonus programs - Sources candidates through standard and creative platform including social media, internet sourcing, job boards, outreach, employee referrals, industry group meetings and attendance at other business functions and in collaboration with Operating Units supported - Screens candidates as appropriate including resume review, in-depth phone screens which result in recommendations to the Operating Unit HR and/or Hiring Manager regarding possible next steps - Prepare and provide interview guides and provide coaching to hiring managers on interview process and gather interview evaluations based on key competencies of the position - Coordinates interviews and follow up debrief conversations with Hiring Manager and VP HR which lead to decisions about offers - Coordinates, and sometimes extends and negotiates at the direction of the operating unit, offers of employment including compensation packages, relocation packages where applicable, and other aspects of employment at Berkley - Collaborates with VP HR on rescission of offer - Tracks candidate activity to ensure that all pre-hire actions are complete in a timely manner (such as completed application, etc.) - Ensures all offers and candidate communication meet or exceed federal, state and local laws or local country laws if outside the United States - Identify and implement alternative staffing solutions as needed - Coordinate and support execution of employment contracts in foreign jurisdictions - Conducts initial vetting of visa and immigration requirements and refers to hiring manager and VP HR for further action - Orders background checks and drug screens through ATS and resolves any issues or unfavorable outcomes - Communicates to non-selected candidates and enters them as appropriate into pipeline for future opportunities - Investigates labor and employment market conditions. Shares information with colleagues, hiring managers, HRVP’s and others - Recommends topical content to L&D that would support development of interviewing and hiring skills of managers - Proactively identify areas for process improvement, innovation and opportunities for efficiency and synergy - Additional duties as assignedID2020-4471Primary LocationUS-FL-MiamiCompany Berkley Accident and HealthLocation Name NJ, Hamilton SquareTitle Health Risk StrategistThe Health Risk Strategist (HRS) proactively reviews client health plan performance to identify risk “hot spots” and then provides consultative recommendations to improve overall plan results including insights into potential service providing vendors. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: - Assisting in the development and implementation of strategic plans for BAH’s Health Risk Management efforts to create market leadership and market distinction. - Developing and performing needs assessment/gap regarding client’s Health Risk management/strategies through customer surveys and interactions to determine potential client needs. - Reviewing potential/actual large claim events and provide internal/external options regarding medical management to minimize claims dollars without causing a negative effect on clinical outcomes. - Developing and coaching effective Health Risk Management strategy communications regarding claim/financial projections and rationale to both internal/external clients. - Reporting on BAH’s Health Risk Management program efficacy regarding external client acceptance and financial/service impact. - Fostering strong relationships with external clients (Captives, Policyholders, TPA’s, external CM’s) and internal BAH resources (UW’s, Claims, Account Managers) through individual credibility. - Maintaining HRM vendor management programs including; soliciting and interviewing potential vendors, assist in onboarding and implementation vendor relationship, review of vendor efficacy and recommend on-going or cancellation of vendor relationships. - Serving as clinical resource to both internal/external clients. Identify and communicate new medical /pharmacological technology impacting both BAH and clients. - Participating in new client implementation, industry meetings, product development and enhancement.ID2020-4466Primary LocationUS-NJ-Hamilton SquareCompany Key RiskLocation Name NC, Charlotte - 2127 Ayrsley Town BlvdTitle Territory Underwriting ManagerKey Risk is looking for an enthusiastic and experienced underwriter to join our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for contributing to achieving and exceeding the regions’ profit plan through proper risk selection, agency management, and communication of Key Risk’s value proposition. Principle Responsibilities - Underwrites accounts up to $750,000 annual premium - Manage an assigned book of business - Develops and maintains relationships with 10-15 agencies - Responsible for a moderate number of agencies including partners with Advantage and/or Premier status within our Key Alliance agency structure - Achieves/exceeds planned accident year loss ratio, rate change, renewal retention and inforce premium goals - Takes initiative to recommend potential improvements in underwriting principles, techniques or appetite - Complies with insurance filings and regulatory requirements - Research new market niches, serve as an industry lead, and participate in special projects - Establishes a knowledge base of agency needs, staff, target markets, and contracted insurers - Performs agency evaluations and establishes agency goals within required time frames and expectations - Participates effectively in new and renewal team sales activities and Client Service Management (CSM) meetings to obtain and retain profitable businessID2020-4461Primary LocationUS-NC-CharlotteLoc2NC, Greensboro - 7823 National Service RoadLoc3VirginiaCompany Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Senior Litigation SpecialistWe currently have an exciting opportunity for a Sr. Litigation Specialist –with potential for remote employment. Primary responsibilities include: - High severity, high complexity losses in all 50 states - CGL, Miscellaneous Professional Liability, Liquor Liability - Commercial Excess GL, Personal Umbrella - Some Intellectual Property and New York Labor Law - Declaratory Judgment Actions - Substantial coverage analysis of manuscript forms and close partnering with Underwriters - Some travel for mediation and trial attendanceID2020-4460Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleLoc2IL, Chicago - 303 West MadisonLoc3GA, Atlanta - 2 Ravinia Drive - Suite 1000Company Berkley AspireLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 14902 N 73rd StreetTitle VP, Small Commercial & Select AccountsThe VP of Small Commercial and Select Accounts will work closely with the Underwriting function to drive profitable growth for the Small Commercial/Select Account segment. Individual will team with the Underwriting group to actively drive distribution across our nationwide footprint through engagement with distribution partners and alignment with Berkley affiliated companies. The VP of Small Commercial and Select Accounts will be a Member of the Executive Leadership Team reporting to the CUO, with dotted-line reporting to the President. - Overall responsibility for the underwriting function and profitable growth of the Small Commercial/Select Account segment - Provides subject matter expertise to the development of relevant automation technology, product design, underwriting and operations - Develops and executes Small Commercial/Select Account product strategy, including the design of underwriting guidelines around class, size, minimum premium, hazard grade, rates, etc. - Responsible for the development and implementation of the Small Commercial/Select Account distribution strategy, including identification of strategic opportunities/ partnerships on a countrywide basis (geographies, new appointments, affiliated company alignment, aggregators and top 100 national retail agents) - Customize alignment and approach with each strategic partner through the implementation of creative solutions in process/structure/compensation to assure agile and appropriate response to each customer’s needs - Creation of a small commercial “ease of doing business” model (quick turnaround, service standards, etc.) - Work with platform vendor to design, build and launch a “technology solution” to bring Agency Desktop Quoting to each key small commercial player - Develop value proposition and ensure successful marketing of Small Commercial/Select Account product on a countrywide basis - Ensure execution of the strategic plan through alignment with all underwriting managers on segmentation, distribution and product strategies. - Accountable for the creation, monitoring and management of key underwriting metrics including submission activity, call activity, relationship mapping, production, rate change, rate application, loss ratios, expenses and quality - Identifies issues/impediments to achieving business results and implements corrective measures - Responsible for the strategic allocation of resources, within staffing model, that will drive desired business results - Accountable for staff selection, training, retention and development for the Small Commercial/Select Account segment - Models behavior that encourages collaboration, teamwork and open communicationID2020-4458Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleFirst page of results First Previous page of resultsPage 1 of 9 Page 2 of 9 Page 3 of 9 , Current PagePage 4 of 9 Page 5 of 9 Page 6 of 9Page 7 of 9 Page 8 of 9 Page 9 of 9Next page of results Last page of results LastConnect With Us!Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.Application FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.com"
