"Jobs in Manati | JOBCRE.comJobsAbout usPost a JobPricingContact UsPrivacy PolicySign inSign upJobsAbout usPost a JobPricingContact UsPrivacy PolicyModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs6 jobs found in ManatiRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisPainter/HandymanJLL. Manatí, Puerto RicoCompletes other various duties related to Painting, Carpentry, Flooring, Cabinetry, and related tasks, under the direction of the supervisor and/or designee. Uses various wall covering techniques and remedies to complete project. Removes furniture, equipment, shelving, fixtures, etc. from work area. Installs and/or repairs drywall and plaster. Applies corner beads, tapes, patches, sands, strips, washes and primes surfaces, returns areas to working order when project is completed. Inspects various damaged surfaces (e.g., plaster, drywall, water-damaged areas, ceiling and wall cracks) for remodeling. Must use tools and equipment appropriately while contributing to a safe working environment. Any and all other duties and tasks assigned. Skills The job requires skill reflecting knowledge of several technical fields that include a thorough understanding of the techniques and principles and ability to modify or adapt them as needed. Specific technical skills required include:...Sep 02, 2020Completes other various duties related to Painting, Carpentry, Flooring, Cabinetry, and related tasks, under the direction of the supervisor and/or designee. Uses various wall covering techniques and remedies to complete project. Removes furniture, equipment, shelving, fixtures, etc. from work area. Installs and/or repairs drywall and plaster. Applies corner beads, tapes, patches, sands, strips, washes and primes surfaces, returns areas to working order when project is completed. Inspects various damaged surfaces (e.g., plaster, drywall, water-damaged areas, ceiling and wall cracks) for remodeling. Must use tools and equipment appropriately while contributing to a safe working environment. Any and all other duties and tasks assigned. Skills The job requires skill reflecting knowledge of several technical fields that include a thorough understanding of the techniques and principles and ability to modify or adapt them as needed. Specific technical skills required include:...Facilities SupervisorJLL. Manatí, Puerto RicoResponsibilities Provides direction and support to maintenance technicians within the facility or portfolio (including performance management, coaching, and development) Communicates regularly with JLL Site Manager and attends scheduled staff meetings/calls Act as an interface with client and assist Regional Facility/Project Management Team with tactical planning for the regional facilities team’s goals and objectives Provide direction/information to vendors, facilities staff and service providers as required ensuring excellent coordination/execution of work within client environment with minimal disruption, as needed Implements and schedules preventative maintenance standards that are in compliance with JLL and Client guidelines Manages and schedules all projects and reviews for accuracy and quality of work performed by technicians and vendors Evaluates vendors and suppliers on a regular basis with Strategic Sourcing with regard to quality and competitive pricing...Sep 02, 2020Responsibilities Provides direction and support to maintenance technicians within the facility or portfolio (including performance management, coaching, and development) Communicates regularly with JLL Site Manager and attends scheduled staff meetings/calls Act as an interface with client and assist Regional Facility/Project Management Team with tactical planning for the regional facilities team’s goals and objectives Provide direction/information to vendors, facilities staff and service providers as required ensuring excellent coordination/execution of work within client environment with minimal disruption, as needed Implements and schedules preventative maintenance standards that are in compliance with JLL and Client guidelines Manages and schedules all projects and reviews for accuracy and quality of work performed by technicians and vendors Evaluates vendors and suppliers on a regular basis with Strategic Sourcing with regard to quality and competitive pricing...Utilities & Waste Treatment Plant OperatorJLL. Manatí, Puerto RicoGeneral Utility Operator / WWTP Job Description This position will require strong technical skills necessary to operate the physical plant supporting utilities. Rotating shifts is required. The primary focus of this position will center on providing on-site utilities plant operations of all facilities systems, including, Electrical, HVAC, Steam, Water Supply and Treatment systems, Fire Alarm and building controls (BAS). This person will have the responsibility to provide written reports/logs to the Operations Manager to assist in the reliable and efficient operation of base building and critical environment functions. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Task will include but not be limited to: Performs monitoring and operating schedule during the shift of Electrical, HVAC, Water equipment and systems. Operate and Monitoring a WWTP facilities. If is necessary performs general facility repairs and other maintenance tasks. Operates building systems in a safe...Sep 02, 2020General Utility Operator / WWTP Job Description This position will require strong technical skills necessary to operate the physical plant supporting utilities. Rotating shifts is required. The primary focus of this position will center on providing on-site utilities plant operations of all facilities systems, including, Electrical, HVAC, Steam, Water Supply and Treatment systems, Fire Alarm and building controls (BAS). This person will have the responsibility to provide written reports/logs to the Operations Manager to assist in the reliable and efficient operation of base building and critical environment functions. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Task will include but not be limited to: Performs monitoring and operating schedule during the shift of Electrical, HVAC, Water equipment and systems. Operate and Monitoring a WWTP facilities. If is necessary performs general facility repairs and other maintenance tasks. Operates building systems in a safe...Utilities & Waste Treatment Plant OperatorJLL. Manatí, Puerto RicoGeneral Utility Operator / WWTP Job Description This position will require strong technical skills necessary to operate the physical plant supporting utilities. Rotating shifts is required. The primary focus of this position will center on providing on-site utilities plant operations of all facilities systems, including, Electrical, HVAC, Steam, Water Supply and Treatment systems, Fire Alarm and building controls (BAS). This person will have the responsibility to provide written reports/logs to the Operations Manager to assist in the reliable and efficient operation of base building and critical environment functions. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Task will include but not be limited to: Performs monitoring and operating schedule during the shift of Electrical, HVAC, Water equipment and systems. Operate and Monitoring a WWTP facilities. If is necessary performs general facility repairs and other maintenance tasks. Operates building systems in a safe...Sep 02, 2020General Utility Operator / WWTP Job Description This position will require strong technical skills necessary to operate the physical plant supporting utilities. Rotating shifts is required. The primary focus of this position will center on providing on-site utilities plant operations of all facilities systems, including, Electrical, HVAC, Steam, Water Supply and Treatment systems, Fire Alarm and building controls (BAS). This person will have the responsibility to provide written reports/logs to the Operations Manager to assist in the reliable and efficient operation of base building and critical environment functions. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Task will include but not be limited to: Performs monitoring and operating schedule during the shift of Electrical, HVAC, Water equipment and systems. Operate and Monitoring a WWTP facilities. If is necessary performs general facility repairs and other maintenance tasks. Operates building systems in a safe...Welder Support ReqJLL. Manatí, Puerto RicoThe welder support is responsible to assist the welder in all preventative and corrective maintenance for all facility and warehouse equipment. This includes but is not limited to mechanical, electrical, general repair, and site upkeep and appearance. . Performance of ongoing preventive and repair response work orders on facility mechanical, electrical, plumbing and other installed systems, equipment, and other components. • Perform assigned facility inspections and due diligence efforts, reporting on as-found conditions impacting satisfactory client occupancy and operations. • General interior maintenance – hang pictures, install keyboard trays, repair office furniture systems and repair doors. • Assist the operations team in the maintenance and repair of building and equipment and/or as directed • Moves office furniture, machinery, equipment and other materials as requested • Replace lighting and ballasts. • Clean HVAC coils, change filters and belts. • Excellent...Sep 02, 2020The welder support is responsible to assist the welder in all preventative and corrective maintenance for all facility and warehouse equipment. This includes but is not limited to mechanical, electrical, general repair, and site upkeep and appearance. . Performance of ongoing preventive and repair response work orders on facility mechanical, electrical, plumbing and other installed systems, equipment, and other components. • Perform assigned facility inspections and due diligence efforts, reporting on as-found conditions impacting satisfactory client occupancy and operations. • General interior maintenance – hang pictures, install keyboard trays, repair office furniture systems and repair doors. • Assist the operations team in the maintenance and repair of building and equipment and/or as directed • Moves office furniture, machinery, equipment and other materials as requested • Replace lighting and ballasts. • Clean HVAC coils, change filters and belts. • Excellent...Forklift MechanicJLL. Manatí, Puerto RicoEssential Functions: Maintain and repair electric/propane forklifts, pallet jacks, and other client material handling equipment (MHE) Responsibilities, including, but not limited to: Perform repairs and mechanical adjustments to the Warehouse and plant material handling and motorized equipment Perform inspections to material handling equipment to detect malfunction and discusses machine operation variations with supervisors or other maintenance workers to diagnose problem or repair machine as required. Perform the required preventive maintenance (PMs) to Warehouse and plant equipment such as doors, forklifts, material handling equipment, conveyors and docking stations. Dismantle defective machines and equipment and installs new or repaired parts. Clean and lubricate shafts, bearings, gears, and other parts of machinery and equipment. Install and repair electrical apparatus, such as transformers, breakers, switches, receptacles, wiring, and electronic components...Sep 02, 2020Essential Functions: Maintain and repair electric/propane forklifts, pallet jacks, and other client material handling equipment (MHE) Responsibilities, including, but not limited to: Perform repairs and mechanical adjustments to the Warehouse and plant material handling and motorized equipment Perform inspections to material handling equipment to detect malfunction and discusses machine operation variations with supervisors or other maintenance workers to diagnose problem or repair machine as required. Perform the required preventive maintenance (PMs) to Warehouse and plant equipment such as doors, forklifts, material handling equipment, conveyors and docking stations. Dismantle defective machines and equipment and installs new or repaired parts. Clean and lubricate shafts, bearings, gears, and other parts of machinery and equipment. Install and repair electrical apparatus, such as transformers, breakers, switches, receptacles, wiring, and electronic components...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
