"View All Jobs/Careers - Emory Healthcare/Emory University Registry Pharmacist (PRN) in Atlanta, Georgia, United StatesWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy.AcceptView All Jobs/CareersSkip to Main ContentWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All View All /Careers Jobs (2,055)Job InformationEmory Healthcare/Emory University Registry Pharmacist (PRN) in Atlanta, GeorgiaOverviewPrimary duties to include pharmacokinetic and anticoagulant monitoring for 4 hours Saturday/Sunday every other weekend.DescriptionJOB DESCRIPTION: Prepares, compounds and dispenses medications and ensures accuracy and integrity prior to issuance by the pharmacy. Manages required record-keeping activities; serves as a resource to other medical professionals; identifies and employs appropriate pharmaceutical care. Follows policies regarding non-formulary requests and effectively utilizes the non-formulary algorithm. Recommends appropriate cost effective formulary alternatives to prescriber. Utilizes correct method of order entry for nonformulary medications. May oversee the work performed by pharmacy students, interns, and/or technicians to ensure that performance standards are maintained and that work is accurate and precise in accordance with state, federal and organizational regulations. Recognizes system and process failures and makes suggestions to management of ways to improve clinical and distributive services. Reads, interprets, and processes physician orders accurately and efficiently. Clarifies orders with prescribers as appropriate. Accurately enters orders in the pharmacy computer system (correct drug, dose and route). Documents allergy and other clinical information as required. Handles post-op and transfer orders in accordance with departmental policy and procedure. Verifies accuracy and appropriateness of all completed/filled medication orders (correct medication, dose, route and quantity). Assures accurate preparation of sterile products by pharmacy technicians following proper aseptic and cytotoxic technique. Checks sterile products prepared by technicians for the correct medication, diluent and volume prior to dispensing. Ensures that dispensed medications are in date, labeled and packaged appropriately. Prepares sterile products following proper aseptic and cytotoxic technique, if required. Utilizes nomograms and other departmental guidelines when providing medication-related recommendations. May respond to codes. May recommend appropriate dosing for designated kinetics patients. Participates in patient education by instructing them on the appropriate use of medications; provides counsel regarding adverse reactions, drug interactions, and signs of toxicity (i.e., warfarin). Responds to questions from patients regarding their medications. Identifies drug-related problems during review of medication orders; verifies appropriateness of dose, route and frequency. Utilizes computer alert screens for drug allergies, interactions, duplicates, dosages and other warnings. Prevents and/or resolves drug-related problems through consultations with the ordering prescriber and appropriately documents interventions. Responsible for completion of service/care and customer satisfaction. Maintains records to meet legal requirements for pharmacy operations. Ensures the accuracy of records pertaining to controlled substances, medication compounding, prepackaging, and sterile product preparation. Documents medication orders in the patient's medical record. Documents adverse drug reactions and medication variances per policy. Performs other related duties as required.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Graduate of an accredited school of pharmacy. Licensure or eligibility for licensure in Georgia. Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification in accordance with the American Heart Association required. One year of hospital experience preferred; OR New graduate who is under contract through the Emory tuition program. Preferred: PGY1 residency with skill set to advance to Clinical Pharmacist II.PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS (Medium): 20-50 lbs; 0-33% of the work day (occasionally); 11-25 lbs, 34-66% of the workday (frequently); 01-10 lbs, 67-100% of the workday (constantly); Lifting 50 lbs max; Carrying of objects up to 25 lbs; Occasional to frequent standing & walking, Occasional sitting, Close eye work (computers, typing, reading, writing), Physical demands may vary depending on assigned work area and work tasks.ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS: Factors affecting environment conditions may vary depending on the assigned work area and tasks. Environmental exposures include, but are not limited to: Blood-borne pathogen exposure Bio-hazardous waste Chemicals/gases/fumes/vapors Communicable diseases Electrical shock, Floor Surfaces, Hot/Cold Temperatures, Indoor/Outdoor conditions, Latex, Lighting, Patient care/handling injuries, Radiation, Shift work, Travel may be required. Use of personal protective equipment, including respirators, environmental conditions may vary depending on assigned work area and work tasks.Apply NowConnect With Us!Not ready to apply?Division St. Joseph's HospitalCampus Location Atlanta, GA, 30342Campus Location US-GA-AtlantaDepartment SJH Pharmaceutical ServicesJob Type PRN / RegistryJob Number 62626Job Category PharmacySchedule OtherStandard Hours 4 HoursEmory Healthcare is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of its employment practices and decisions. Emory Healthcare prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, age (40 and over), disability, citizenship, genetic information, service in the uniformed services, veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.Apply NowEmory Healthcare/Emory UniversityEmory Healthcare/Emory University JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaEmory Healthcare/Emory Universit...Registry Pharmacist (PRN)AtlantaGeorgiaClear AllEOE including Disability/Protected VeteransFor information on requesting a reasonable accommodation in the application process, visit the Company career page.Powered By"
