"CASY-MSCCN Jobs - Tyson Foods Production General Labor – Full Time – Vineland, NJ 08360 in Vineland, New Jersey, United StatesCASY-MSCCN JobsMILITARY, NATIONAL GUARD, AND VETERAN JOB SEEKERSMILITARY SPOUSE AND CAREGIVER JOB SEEKERSEMPLOYERSWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (2,387,665)Job InformationTyson Foods Production General Labor – Full Time – Vineland, NJ 08360 in Vineland, New JerseyThis position starts at $13.00/hr. with a shift increase for second and third shift and potential for overtime. We have open positions for second shift.If you are looking to make an impact in a meaningful way, join us at Tyson Foods where we are raising the world’s expectations for how much good food can do! We create quality products in a safe environment for our team members. We offer great benefits and steady work. This facility operates six days a week and produces Philly Style Beef and Chicken Steak.Position Description:POSITION SUMMARY:This position is responsible for entry level non-skilled general labor while maintaining a safe work environment and adhering to Tyson policies and procedures in a cold environment, 30 to 40 degrees, with all appropriate gear.RESPONSIBILITIES:•Position generally involves standing packing, palletizing, box making.•Position will be standing at or near a conveyor belt, packing, box making, palletizing, and sorting raw/cooked meat products.•Other duties as assigned.REQUIREMENTS:•This position requires standing and walking for 8 to 12 hours a day.•Position requires bending, twisting, pushing, and climbing•Must be willing and able to lift up to 40 lbs•Must be able to perform repetitive motions such as pinching and grasping•Must be willing to work in an environment with raw / cooked meat•Must be willing to work cold environment, 30 to 40 degrees, with all appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) and required gear•No experience necessaryWork Shift:2ND SHIFT (United States of America)When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page. If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention. Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection, click here.Our team members make the difference. If you are ready to grow your career with an industry leader and want to positively impact the team and community around you, then join us in helping us in raising expectations.Join us on the journey.At Tyson, we are raising expectations for how much good people can do. Our Talent Strategy is to Attract, Grow, Reward and Retain the best talent, and we believe that our Culture is the connecting thread that drives that strategy!We strive to be a talent magnet to establish a reputation for being a talent rich organization where team members can grow their career while growing the business.We are a high performing organization where team members are rewarded (Pay, Benefits and Recognition) for their contributions, and given the opportunity to support and/or volunteer with programs that help Tyson make a lasting social impact in the communities where we live and work.To learn more about our culture, please read Our Purpose.Tyson Foods, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. If you are unable to apply for career opportunities through use of this site due to an impairment or disability, please contact (479) 290-5000 for further assistance.Apply NowTyson FoodsTyson Foods JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaTyson FoodsProduction General Labor – Full ...VinelandNew JerseyClear AllHome | Contact | Privacy Statement©2004-2013 Military Spouse Corporate Career Network. All Rights Reserved."
