"HelpEnglish - EspañolJob SearchCreate AccountExisting AccountHelpHelpHelpJob SearchCreate AccountExisting AccountHelpEnglishEspañolMost Frequently Asked QuestionsHave a technical question about using the site? For immediate help, try our FAQ links.This page is for Technical Questions only. If you are trying to contact the HR Department of this employer you will need to contact them directly. Questions regarding job specifics, salary and hours, qualifications, position and application status or general resume submissions will NOT be responded to and will not be forwarded to the HR Department.How do I Create an Account?To create an account follow the steps below (if you have an Existing Account, reference the How do I Log into an Existing Account? FAQ):1. Click Create Account.2. After clicking Create Account, a form displays.3. Complete all Account Information. All Required fields are denoted with *.4. Check Terms and Conditions after reading.5. Click Create Account.IMPORTANT: After creating the account remember your email and password used as this is required to log back in; if you do forget your password, refer to the FAQ on how to reset your password.How do I Log into an Existing Account?To Log into an Existing Account follow the steps below:1. Click Existing Account in the upper right-hand corner.2. After clicking Existing Account, the Existing Account popup displays.3. Enter the Email Address and Password for your account and click Login.Note: If you have forgotten your password, enter your Email address and click Reset Password.How do I Apply to a Job?1. To apply for a job, if you have an existing account follow the ‘How do I Log into An Existing Account ?’ FAQ or if you need to setup an account follow the ‘How do I Create an Account?’ FAQ.2. Once you are logged in, click Job Search.3. A list of all available jobs will display. Search for the Job(s) you wish to apply for using filters if available.4. Once the Job is located, click the Job Title link.5. Click Apply Now for the Job and this will initiate the application process. There are multiple steps in the application process that must be completed prior to the application being submitted.6. Complete all Steps displaying in the left pane of the screen. These may be listed as Steps 1, 2, 3, 4, etc. of the Application process. It’s important to note, if it is the first time applying to any job, there may be an additional Assessment step and/or a Voluntary Disclosure for EEO step. At any point prior to clicking the Finish button, you can go back to the sections and make edits by clicking the section title in the left pane of the Application process.The following steps must be completed prior to the application being 100% submitted:Application – Click Upload Resume to load a resume file or click Complete Form to create Resume using a builder.Questions – Complete questions asked. Required questions are denoted with * and must be answered in order for application to be complete. Click Next once all questions have been answered.**Optionally, there may be other sections such as Kwantek Assessment and/or Voluntary Disclosure. You must complete all sections displayed for the job.Review and Finish – Ensure the Application section (Resume) and Questions accurately reflect your work experience and answers. Click Finish to complete the application submission. Until Finish is clicked, you will not be considered as applied.7. Once you click Finish, click Applications in the top right-hand corner to ensure that the Job in which you applied displays in the list of applied Jobs.Note: If the job displays with progress that is less than 100%, click Continue to complete the application. Complete each section and click Finish to submit the application to the employer.Can I reapply to the same job more than once?You cannot reapply to the same job more than once. To confirm if you have already applied to a job, click “Applications” and a list of jobs in which you started the application process will display in the Incomplete section and a list of jobs in which you submitted the application will display in the Completed section (only applications from the last 12 months will display). To apply to another job, click “Job Search”, find the job, click on the title and click “Apply Now”. The application will not be considered complete until you click “Finish” on the last section. A confirmation email will be sent to you upon completion of the application.How can I contact an employer?Once you have successfully submitted your application you will automatically be sent a confirmation notice that your information was sent to your chosen employer.The notice will also provide you with the contact information for that specific employer.How do I log in if I forgot my password?If you have forgotten your password:1. Go to “Existing Account”2. Click “Reset Password” to the right of the log-in button. You will be prompted to provide the e-mail address that you provided our site upon registration.3. Once you have provided your e-mail address, select “Continue” and your password will automatically be sent to your e-mail address.I’m having trouble uploading my resume.We apologize that you are having technical issues. Before re-trying to upload your resume we recommend going through these basic steps, as it solves most of the problems that users experience with our site.1. Make sure that your Security and Privacy settings (which are found in the Internet Options section of your Control Panel) are set to their default level and that cookies are enabled on your computer.2. You also need to clear your Internet Browser cache. You can also find this option under Internet Options. Once you are there, delete files and refresh your Internet Browser.3. Also, be sure that your resume is less than 1MB in size. It must be either in Word or Text format, which means the file name needs to end in .doc (Microsoft Word) or .txt (Plain text) or .docx (Microsoft Word 2007/2010) or.rtf(Rich text format) or.pdf(PDF). However, it cannot be a scanned PDF image of your document. The resume cannot contain any pictures or other graphics, it needs to be a file which contains text only.How can I update or make changes to my resume?In order to make any changes to your resume, you must upload a newer version of your resume document. To do this, you must make the changes to your original resume document and then save it as a new resume.Once you have done this you will follow these steps:1. Log into your account and select the position that you wish to apply for.2. Click “Apply Now”3. Click “Upload Resume” and then click “Select File” to add the most recently saved version of your new resume.Note: If you have already applied for the job (you successfully submitted your application), your resume cannot be updated on that application. To update your resume after the application is complete, please reach out to the employer directly. The employer contact information can be found in the confirmation email that was sent to you upon completion of your job application.If you apply to another job, on the 1st page of the process (the Application page), you can click Upload Resume to change the resume. You will need to update the Job History, Education History and Certification sections separately.How can I change my password or e-mail address?To change either your e-mail address or password:1. Log into your account on the site.2. To re-set your password, click on “Change Password” and then type in your new password.3. To change your e-mail address or other information, you will click “Account,” then make the changes and click “Save.”Can I have more than one user per account?Unfortunately on our site you are only able to have one account per e-mail address. We suggest that if someone else in your household is trying to use our site that they create a free e-mail account and use this address to set up their own account on our site.Where do I log in for my account?To access your account you will select “Existing Account” at the top right-hand corner of your screen.How do I Opt-Out of receiving employer e-mail notifications about new job postings?If you would like to Opt-Out of receiving e-mail notifications:1. Log in to your account and click on “Applications.”2. Click “Continue” and then choose “No” under the Opt-In for E-Mail Notifications section.How do I change the file format of my resume to.txt or.doc?In order to upload your resume to our site it must be a.txt or .doc file, meaning that it must be created in Microsoft Word or another program that saves your file with a file name ending in .txt or .doc.We suggest that you copy and paste your resume into Microsoft Word, which would then save your resume as a.doc document. You can also copy and paste your resume into Word Pad, which can be found in the Accessories section of your computer, which would then save your resume as a .txt file.Your resume must only contain text, our site will not accept resumes with graphics or other images.Most common technical errors for Kwantek.com.We recommend going through these basic steps, as it solves most of the problems that users experience on our site.1. Make sure that your Security and Privacy settings (which are found in the Internet Options section of your Control Panel) are set to their default level and that cookies are enabled on your computer.2. You will need to clear your Internet Browser cache. You can also find this option under Internet Options. Once there, delete files and refresh your Internet Browser.How do I enable cookies from my computer?To enable cookies, please follow these steps, depending on your browser:Internet Explorer:1. Click the “Tools” menu2. Click the “Internet Options”3. Select the “Privacy” tab4. Click the “Advanced” button under “Settings”5. Select “Override automatic cookie handling”6. Select “Accept” for “Third-party Cookies” and click “OK”Firefox:1. Click the “Tools” menu2. Click “Options…”3. Select the “Privacy” menu4. Check the “Accept third-party cookies”5. Make sure “Keep until” is set to “they expire”Safari:1. Click the “Safari” menu2. Click “Preferences…”3. Click the “Security” menu4. For “Accept cookies” select “Always”Chrome:1. Select the Wrench(spanner) icon at the top right2. Select “Options”3. Select the “Under the Hood” tab4. Select “Content settings” in the “Privacy” sectionCan I upload a cover letter?If the employer requires a cover letter, You will be prompted to create or copy/paste a cover letter.Still Need Help?If you have not been able to find the answer to your question here, please send us an email and we will get back to you within 1 business day."
