"Accounting 2017-18 market « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (824,186)Econometrics Discussion (51,615)Research / Journals (182,555)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,689)From the blogs (45,135)Conferences (22,129)Questions from prospective grad students (116,214)Econ Lounge (164,277)Latest Research Discussion (23,958)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (36,987)Software and Programming for Research (13,840)Macroeconomics (18,811)Microeconomics (9,120)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (318,007)General Economics Job Market Discussion (634,059)Micro Job Rumors (13,404)Macro Job Rumors (8,471)European Job Market (82,041)China Job Market (56,458)Industry Rumors (22,078)Off TopicOff Topic (2,132,992)Sport (81,601)Technology (51,454)Trash (47,175)Job MarketJob Market WikiMITEconomics School of Louvain, Université catholique de LouvainWorld Bank (DIME)Columbia Business SchoolJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesHealth EconomicsGlobal Finance JournalIndustrial and Labor Relations ReviewEconomics BulletinJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..3 years - 4719 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 688 Goods vs 307 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Job Market » Finance Job RumorsAccounting 2017-18 marketEconomistdd8cI am with you. This is exactly how lots of decent places view these journals.Ah, the arrogance. MS has a higher impact factor than TAR, so I’d say we have a top 4. Then, for those of us in the real world (anyone who is not at a top 5-10 department) RAST and CAR count for something. So, top 6 is a reasonable statement. If you count AOS (for people in behavioral) then you can argue there is a “top 7.” Most of the world is not elite, a place like MSU can’t have the same standards as MIT, Chicago, Wharton, or Stanford. And most of the faculty at those schools won’t make tenure anyhow. So limiting yourself to the “top 3” (or “top 2”) is incredibly stupid.I only count top 2.Lol, “top 6.”2 years ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista83eI am not arguing whether MS is an A or not. I am merely pointing out that most accounting academics use it as a journal that they know will \"count\" but not as their first choice (or even first 3 or 4 choices). I review for all of the top journals, including MS. In the past two years, I've had 6 review requests from MS. Each time they were for papers that were at least 4 years (or more) into their \"seasoning.\"Impact factor or not. It's where many, many accountants ship off their rejected manuscripts and hope that reviewers will reward them for their perseverance with a publication they can add to their count.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist8ddeNon-accounting guy here.I always thought there were 3 top accounting journals: JAE, JAR, and TAR.Is TAR generally viewed as a tier below JAE and JAR?JAR and JAE Top tierTAR, MS and RAST second tierCAR third tierAh, the arrogance. MS has a higher impact factor than TAR, so I’d say we have a top 4. Then, for those of us in the real world (anyone who is not at a top 5-10 department) RAST and CAR count for something. So, top 6 is a reasonable statement. If you count AOS (for people in behavioral) then you can argue there is a “top 7.” Most of the world is not elite, a place like MSU can’t have the same standards as MIT, Chicago, Wharton, or Stanford. And most of the faculty at those schools won’t make tenure anyhow. So limiting yourself to the “top 3” (or “top 2”) is incredibly stupid.I only count top 2.Lol, “top 6.”2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist1833My perception is that if you are from an affiliated school, people will discount your JAE or JAR (connection rather than quality).However, they send a stronger quality signal if you are not affiliated (they are willing to publish an article by a nobody, it must be good).2 years ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist02a6Depending on the paper I submit to JAE or JAR first. Then I submit to RAST or MS. After that I submit to TAR then CAR. TAR and CAR take too long. It’s not unusual to wait 4-6 months for an initial decision. And then you can get rejected in the 4th round. Editors who take too long to process papers should be fired. I wish our journals would publish processing time statistics like JFE. JAR is usually fast, but **some** editors will sit on an article for as long as a year without acting on it. This behavior is unacceptable. But sometimes I’ll take the gamble.Non-accounting guy here.I always thought there were 3 top accounting journals: JAE, JAR, and TAR.Is TAR generally viewed as a tier below JAE and JAR?2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistd0d5RAST impact factor is less than CAR. Why is it tier 2? Hell RAST impact factor is more comparable to AAA section journals.MS is an arbitrage opportunity. They publish everything.JAR and JAE Top tierTAR, MS and RAST second tierCAR third tierAh, the arrogance. MS has a higher impact factor than TAR, so I’d say we have a top 4. Then, for those of us in the real world (anyone who is not at a top 5-10 department) RAST and CAR count for something. So, top 6 is a reasonable statement. If you count AOS (for people in behavioral) then you can argue there is a “top 7.” Most of the world is not elite, a place like MSU can’t have the same standards as MIT, Chicago, Wharton, or Stanford. And most of the faculty at those schools won’t make tenure anyhow. So limiting yourself to the “top 3” (or “top 2”) is incredibly stupid.I only count top 2.Lol, “top 6.”2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista3c6People that discount JAE or JAR are jealous trolls. Doesn't matter where you are from....it is hard to publish in the top 3.My perception is that if you are from an affiliated school, people will discount your JAE or JAR (connection rather than quality).However, they send a stronger quality signal if you are not affiliated (they are willing to publish an article by a nobody, it must be good).2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista3c6who are the big seasoned assistants going up or out this year? Any associates leaving?2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist2dfbBut you could never be accused of author malpractice, such as submitting crap papers that waste valuable referee and editor time?And some of us want to boycott JAR because of corruption. And when TAR takes six months to send back a 1st round rejection, that makes me not want to send any more articles there either. BTW, can MB fire editors who take so long? It's editorial malpractice!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5c33Nobody forces them to be editors/referees. If they agree to do it, they ought not to take their time to write (in most cases crappy) reports/letters.But you could never be accused of author malpractice, such as submitting crap papers that waste valuable referee and editor time?And some of us want to boycott JAR because of corruption. And when TAR takes six months to send back a 1st round rejection, that makes me not want to send any more articles there either. BTW, can MB fire editors who take so long? It's editorial malpractice!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist2dfbBut not even remotely as crappy as your crappy papers, which might be of use only to those lacking toilet paper.Nobody forces them to be editors/referees. If they agree to do it, they ought not to take their time to write (in most cases crappy) reports/letters.But you could never be accused of author malpractice, such as submitting crap papers that waste valuable referee and editor time?And some of us want to boycott JAR because of corruption. And when TAR takes six months to send back a 1st round rejection, that makes me not want to send any more articles there either. BTW, can MB fire editors who take so long? It's editorial malpractice!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !EconomistebffJAR/JAE are considered marginally more prestigious than TAR, similar to the case of JF in finance, which is more prestigious than JFE/RFS. Anyway, all departments consider them as Top 3.Non-accounting guy here.I always thought there were 3 top accounting journals: JAE, JAR, and TAR.Is TAR generally viewed as a tier below JAE and JAR?2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist02a6Lazy editor feeling defensive? Ever heard of a desk rejection? Use them more often. They make the process more efficient.But you could never be accused of author malpractice, such as submitting crap papers that waste valuable referee and editor time?And some of us want to boycott JAR because of corruption. And when TAR takes six months to send back a 1st round rejection, that makes me not want to send any more articles there either. BTW, can MB fire editors who take so long? It's editorial malpractice!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5c33If this is your view of papers submitted by your colleagues-at-large; kindly please turn down any refereeing/editorship requests. You won't be any good to anybody else.But not even remotely as crappy as your crappy papers, which might be of use only to those lacking toilet paper.Nobody forces them to be editors/referees. If they agree to do it, they ought not to take their time to write (in most cases crappy) reports/letters.But you could never be accused of author malpractice, such as submitting crap papers that waste valuable referee and editor time?And some of us want to boycott JAR because of corruption. And when TAR takes six months to send back a 1st round rejection, that makes me not want to send any more articles there either. BTW, can MB fire editors who take so long? It's editorial malpractice!2 years ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista3c6Honestly, some of the better papers I have read in the past three years have come from RAST. It is on the rise!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistbf1dRAST and CAR have some very good papers (and some very bad papers), just like JAE JAR and TAR. However, it is very hard to publish in any of the top 5 (and MS) and that why most schools count all of the journals as A (or A-)Honestly, some of the better papers I have read in the past three years have come from RAST. It is on the rise!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist8764Very fair point. Some RAST papers are better than average top 3 papers. It’s unfair just counting numbers. External letters should be considered important.RAST and CAR have some very good papers (and some very bad papers), just like JAE JAR and TAR. However, it is very hard to publish in any of the top 5 (and MS) and that why most schools count all of the journals as A (or A-)Honestly, some of the better papers I have read in the past three years have come from RAST. It is on the rise!2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistfda3Would you go to first RAST or MS?2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist38d3Depends on the paper. If its pretty standard accounting, but just not quite good enough for top 3, go RAST. If it's good, but too 'out there' for JAE/JAR (and you got unlucky at TAR), send it to MS. They're more open-minded, and do a good job evaluating quality.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !« Previous1…235236ReplyPost	If It’s real, then why don’t you post the details. Link ZB’s paper and link the paper he allegedly stole. Not a credible rumor?Asked anyone at osu.Is ZB from OSU still looking? He stole a paper from a PHD student.Who is still looking for jobs?Pretty sure he is staying. Be more specific. I don't think he stole a paper.Send Post »Markup: a blockquote code em strong ul ol li.Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
