"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs11 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchHadoop Big Data Market Research Business Intelligence (BI) Data Analysis Business AnalyticsRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9012) Data Science (8) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6)Python (6) Software Engineering (6) Excel (5) Data Management (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) ETL (3) Machine Learning (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSenior Software Engineer, Data PlatformRecursion Salt Lake City, UTWHAT WE DO At Recursion we combine experimental biology, automation, and artificial intelligence to quickly and efficiently identify treatments for human diseases. We are transforming drug discovery into a data science problem by building a platform for rapid biological experimentation, data generation and availability, automated analysis, model training, and prediction. THE IMPACT YOU'LL MAKE Create a world-class data platform. You'll work with Biologists, Automation Scientists, and Data Scientists to create a platform that allows them to generate and access petabytes of data, gives them tools to quickly iterate on novel analysis, and deploy new deep learning models into the production data pipeline. Build, scale, and operate a streaming data pipeline. You'll be on a team responsible for moving, processing, and analyzing over 60 terabytes of data each week. Provide visibility into operations. You'll create tools, dashboards, and metrics to help lab operations...Jan 20, 2021Full-timeWHAT WE DO At Recursion we combine experimental biology, automation, and artificial intelligence to quickly and efficiently identify treatments for human diseases. We are transforming drug discovery into a data science problem by building a platform for rapid biological experimentation, data generation and availability, automated analysis, model training, and prediction. THE IMPACT YOU'LL MAKE Create a world-class data platform. You'll work with Biologists, Automation Scientists, and Data Scientists to create a platform that allows them to generate and access petabytes of data, gives them tools to quickly iterate on novel analysis, and deploy new deep learning models into the production data pipeline. Build, scale, and operate a streaming data pipeline. You'll be on a team responsible for moving, processing, and analyzing over 60 terabytes of data each week. Provide visibility into operations. You'll create tools, dashboards, and metrics to help lab operations...Assistant Director of Business IntelligenceThe University of Texas System Austin, TX, USAFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Jan 15, 2021Full-timeFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Demand Generation ManagerQuorum Analytics Washington D.C., DC, USAConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Dec 29, 2020Full-timeConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Principal Data Platform ArchitectSnowflake Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Website Optimization ManagerSnowflake Chicago, IL, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Snowflake is looking for an experienced Website Optimization Manager to drive performance optimization of snowflake.com and related subdomains plus various online-focused marketing campaigns. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage web analytics tools (GA, Bizible, Snowplow, etc.) to provide data-driven suggestions to demand generation functional areas (inbound, outbound, product marketing, content, field) to improve website performance. Monitor key site performance metrics and manage...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Snowflake is looking for an experienced Website Optimization Manager to drive performance optimization of snowflake.com and related subdomains plus various online-focused marketing campaigns. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage web analytics tools (GA, Bizible, Snowplow, etc.) to provide data-driven suggestions to demand generation functional areas (inbound, outbound, product marketing, content, field) to improve website performance. Monitor key site performance metrics and manage...Junior Data AnalystMultiverse New Jersey, USAChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Dec 18, 2020ApprenticeshipChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Senior Cyber Threat HunterPfizer Collegeville, PA, USAThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Database Platform EngineerTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Sr. Data Analyst, Commercial Service OperationsTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe Role Collaborate with stakeholders to take a vague problem statement, refine the scope of the analysis, and use the results to drive informed decisions Summarize and clearly communicate data analysis assumptions and results Build data pipelines to feed data analyses into production dashboards that engineers can rely on Understand and apply reliability concepts in your data analysis Design and implement metrics, applications and tools that will empower energy service by allowing them to self-serve their data insights Work with service managers to drive usage of your applications and tools Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Maintain robust documentation and support your production applications Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Independently identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order...Senior Manager / Associate Director - Data Strategy & GovernanceGilead Sciences Foster City, CA, USAThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...May 04, 2020Full-timeThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
