"Medical Assist II, Certified in Raleigh, NC - UNC Health CareMinimizeCloseWelcome to the UNC Health Career site! We have been hard at work to improve our job searches and application systems to better serve you. It will now be easier to find and apply jobs as well stay connected with UNC Health. Here are a few of the updates you may notice effective December 11th:Welcome to the UNC Health Career site! We have been hard at work to improve our job searches and application systems to better serve you. It will now be easier to find and apply for jobs as well stay connected with UNC Health. Here are a few of the updates you may notice effective December 11th:All Applicants – After December 11th, external applicants (i.e., not an active UNC Health employee) will no longer be required to create a log in and password before they apply for a job. After December 13th, once external applicants find a job, they can simply click “Apply Now” to submit a job application. You’ll be able to check the status of your application in real time by following the directions in your confirmation email.Job Alerts – If you had previously registered for our job alerts, set-up job alerts, or wish to receive these notifications, please re-register by clicking the light blue “Set-Up Job Alert” button on the “Search Jobs” page.Current UNC Health Employees – Effective December 13th, if you are a UNC Health employee, select the light blue “Current Employees” button in the center of this career home page to access our internal “Current Employees” job board. Current employees will log-in using their employee log-in credentials.*Please note: The Discovery Employee Referral Program will be temporarily unavailable. Due to the recent switch in our HR and application systems, our HR team is working hard towards implementing a new and improved, mobile friendly Employee Referral solution. More details are to come soon! Thank you for your patience.Join our Talent NetworkSkip to main contentReturning User Sign-InGo to unchealth.orgMenuHomeSearch JobsEvents & NewsBenefitsReturning User Sign-InGo to unchealth.orgJoin Our Talent Community*Important Notice:Thank you for your continued interest in career opportunities with UNC Health! Please note the following:Positions are only open current UNC Health employees.Please be sure to have your employee ID number and UNC Health email address available.Current UNC Health employees, please log-in to Employee Self Service to view open jobs and apply. We invite all current UNC Health employees to fill out their Talent Profile. From Employee Self Service, as an Employee user, go to My Profile, then Talent Profile. Create your Credentials, Education and Employment History to complete your Talent Profile. Your Talent Profile can be used for current and future job applications.Need further assistance? Please submit a request through the myHR Portal.*Please note: The Discovery Employee Referral Program is temporarily unavailable. Due to the recent switch in our HR and application systems, our HR team is working hard towards implementing a new and improved, mobile friendly Employee Referral solution. More details are to come soon! Thank you for your patience.×/ Job Search / Medical Assist II, CertifiedMedical Assist II, CertifiedJob ID: 1275Location: Raleigh, NCFacility/Division: UNC Physicians NetworkStatus: Full TimeShift: Day JobShare: share to e-mailApply Now >Job DescriptionDescriptionBecome part of an inclusive organization with over 30,000 diverse employees, whose mission is to improve the health and well-being of the unique communities we serve.Summary:The Medical Assistant II, Certified provides routine clinical and administrative support to providers and other health care team members in an outpatient clinic setting. Works under the clinical supervision of the provider for patient care activities, and under the general direction of the designated manager/supervisor.Responsibilities:1. Performs rooming and/or intake process, collecting and data, including vital signs, height, weight, and data related to patient’s reason for visit.2. Collects patient and family data, including medical and social history.3. Reviews patient’s current medication list, allergies and preferred pharmacy.4. Assists the provider as directed, during treatments, examinations and procedures.5. Collects specimens and performs phlebotomy.6. Administers medications under the direction of a provider.7. Performs tests, for examples EKG, eye exams, under the direction of a provider.8. Reviews the patient record to determine whether patient requires any routine health screenings.9. Ensures exam/procedure room contains appropriate supplies, equipment, forms and educational materials are available and ready for use during visit/procedure.10. Provides patient with after-visit, follow-up, self-care or procedural instructions and/or educational materials as directed.11. Prepares, cleans, stocks and maintains exam and treatment rooms.12. Cleans and sterilizes instruments.13. Assists with patient registration, check in/check out, appointment scheduling, and scheduling of tests and treatments, and referrals.14. Answers clinic telephone and assists in-basket under the direction of a provider or nurse.15. Assists in emergency situations as directed by a provider or nurse.16. Additional Essential Responsibilities of a Credentialed Medical Assistant II may include: -Precepts new medical assistant/credentialed medical assistant hires and medical assistant externs-Trains other medical assistants in clinic procedures-Assists the physician with maintaining preventive health measures for a panel of patients.-Performs clinic based quality or safety role (ex. clinic safety coordinator, maintains immunization or medication registry, performs medication, or other required audits) -Manages clinic supply orderingOther InformationOther information:Education Requirements:● Requires high school diploma or GED.● Completion of a Medical Assisting program accredited by either the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP) or the Accreditation Bureau of Health Education Schools (ABHES) is strongly preferred but not required.Licensure/Certification Requirements:● Requires Medical Assistant certification by either the American Association of Medical Assistants (AAMA), American Medical Technologists (AMT), National Healthcareer Association (CCMA) or National Center for Competency Testing (NCMA).● Prefer candidates with current Basic Life Support Certification from American Heart Association at the time of hire. If selected candidate does not possess BLS, one must be obtained within 30 days of hire.Professional Experience Requirements:● Possess at least one year of full-time experience as a Credentialed Medical Assistant.● Demonstrate possession of the competencies outlined in the Credentialed Medical Assistant Advancement Worksheet through their application and interview.Knowledge/Skills/and Abilities Requirements:● Ability to perform the essential functions of the position as outlined above.● Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills.● Demonstrated ability to engage positively with patients and families and to work as a team with staff and providers.● Ability to use a computer to document required information into the electronic medical record.Job DetailsLegal Employer:Entity: UNC Physicians NetworkOrganization Unit:Work Type: Full TimeStandard Hours Per Week: 40.00Work Schedule: Day JobLocation of Job: US:NC:RaleighExempt From Overtime: Exempt: Not ApplicableThis position is employed by NC Health (Rex Healthcare, Inc., d/b/a NC Health), a private, fully-owned subsidiary of UNC Heath Care System. This is not a State employed position.Share: mailApply Now >Recent Job SearchesRecently Viewed JobsDiversity StatementThe UNC Health System and the UNC School of Medicine are committed to valuing all people throughout our organization, regardless of background, lifestyle, and culture. A diverse and inclusive work environment for staff and culturally appropriate care for our patients, are essential to fulfilling our UNC Health vision of improving the health of all North Carolinians.Equal Employment OpportunityUNC Health is an equal opportunity employer. As such, UNC Health offers equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or political affiliation.To verify employment eligibility, UNC Health is committed to Form I-9 and the E-Verify process. Learn further E-Verify details in English or Spanish.UNC Health supports your right to work. View the Right to Work Statement in English or Spanish.UNC School Of MedicineUNC Physicians NetworkNASH HEALTH CAREUNC REX HEALTHCAREWAYNE UNC HEALTH CARELENOIR UNC HEALTH CAREOnslow Memorial HospitalUNC MEDICAL CENTER – CHAPEL HILLUNC MEDICAL CENTER - HILLSBOROUGHUNC MEDICAL CENTER - WAKEBROOKPARDEE HOSPITALJOHNSTON HEALTHCHATHAM HOSPITALCALDWELL UNC HEALTH CAREUNC ROCKINGHAM HEALTH CAREContact UsNews & MediaSupport UNC HealthNotice of Privacy PracticeDisclaimerfacebook twitter linkedin youtube InstagramCopyright 2021 UNC Health Care. All rights reserved."
