"Municipal Wastewater Hydrologist 1 | Minnesota Pollution Control Agency | HandshakeHomeLearn MoreHelpYou are viewing a preview of this job. Log in or register to view more details about this job.Municipal Wastewater Hydrologist 1Minnesota Pollution Control AgencyTweetEmailJob SummaryThis position provides soil science and groundwater hydrology expertise to support the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency’s Municipal Wastewater NPDES/SDS permitting program.This position is responsible for ensuring the MPCA Municipal Wastewater Section’s adherence to the State’s ground water protection Rules and Regulations. This is done by providing soil and groundwater hydrology expertise in the investigation, evaluation, design, and monitoring of land application treatment facilities and large subsurface treatment systems (LSTS). The position completes soil and groundwater hydrology reviews and makes permitting recommendations to support the issuance, reissuance of National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) or State Disposal System (SDS) permits. The position also assists in providing soil and groundwater hydrology evaluations and information as needed in the development of enforcement documents and actions.Minimum Qualifications:Employees represented by Minnesota Association of Professional Employees who are interested in interest bidding for the position should consult Article 16, Vacancies, Filling of Positions, Section 3, Job Posting and Interest Bidding, of their negotiated agreement.Bachelor's degree in one of the following areas: Hydrology, Geology, Hydrogeology, Soil Science/Agronomy, or other closely-related environmental field; and two completed courses in Hydrology/Hydrogeology. [Candidates must list the two courses in Hydrology/Hydrogeology on their resume to qualify]ANDBasic computer skills; proficiency in Word and exposure to Excel and Power Point.Ability to gain a complete understanding of the environmental regulatory process and procedures.Strong project management, communication, problem solving, and negotiation skills.Preferred QualificationsProfessional experience as a Hydrologist or equivalent.Experience and understanding of wastewater treatment facility operations and NPDES/SDS permit program and regulations.Working knowledge of surface water/groundwater interactions and groundwater dynamics and soil propertiesDemonstrated ability to bring projects to a satisfactory conclusion.Problem-solving skills for resolving complex technical matters.Experience with public communication efforts on health or environmental projects.Proven written and verbal communication and human relations skills to communicate effectively with diverse audiences.Physical RequirementsTravel approximately 10% of the time. Some infrequent lifting of equipment and working out in the field in adverse weather conditions. Ability to conduct site visits at wastewater treatment facilities which may involve climbing and/or stepping over obstacles and inspecting construction sites. Ability to use a computer and perform keyboard functions for multiple hours per day.Driver’s License RequirementsA driver’s license is an essential function of this position. This requires possession of an unrestricted Class D Driver’s License. The job offer is contingent on confirmation of a valid driver’s license AND a satisfactory DLR check.Requires a Class D Driver's License: a single unit vehicle with a gross vehicle weight of less than 26,000 pounds. This is a basic driver's license. Operators may also tow vehicles/trailers as long as the gross combination weight does not exceed 26,000 pounds.Why Work For UsOur mission is to protect and improve the environment and enhance human health. We work with many partners (citizens, communities, and businesses, all levels of government, environmental groups and educators) to prevent pollution, conserve resources, and to help ensure pollution does not have a disproportionate impact on any groups of people.The State of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including low cost medical and dental insurance, employer paid life insurance, short and long term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, retirement plan, tax-deferred compensation, generous vacation and sick leave, and 11 paid holidays each year. We emphasize work-life balance, and strive to have an inclusive workplace for everyone."
