"Javascript Software Engineer #1343 job at Edmunds.com in Santa Monica, CA, powered by JobScoreYour browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. Please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.Javascript Software EngineerTechnology | Santa Monica, CA | Full TimeJob DescriptionAt Edmunds we’re driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60’s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industry’s first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how!What You’re Applying For:Buying a car is a daunting process. We are constantly looking to improve and create tools to make this process easier. We are looking for a Javascript Software Engineer to help build, support and innovate on products that take the stress out of Car Buying. You will work on a cross-functional team using our modern technology stacks. Experience working with multiple parts of the stack is desired. We value curiosity about how systems work and a hunger to keep learning.What You’ll Do:Collaborate with other Engineers, Visual Designers and Product Managers to build a world class development platform for messaging.Break down product requirements and identify problem areas, solutions and alternatives.Design and build maintainable and extensible modules and shared components in Javascript, React/JSX, GraphQL and other technologies that will be used or extended by other teams.Help ensure that our platform provides our customers with an engaging visual and interactive experience, by continuously improving on client-side performance metrics.What You Need:Experience writing, documenting, building and delivering production-grade Javascript code based on Product and Technical requirements.Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, debugging and troubleshooting tools. Knowledge of WebSockets is highly desired.Experience with React (or a comparable framework) and isomorphic JS is highly desired.Experience working with Node.js and/or REST services.Knowledge of best practices in unit testing, design and optimization of software.Comfortable working on multiple projects. Ability to communicate level of effort and best estimates clearly. Comfortable with Agile methodologies or similar processes.Knowledge of automated testing strategies, cross-browser compatibility & client-side performance optimization.Knowledge of Java would be a big plus.Why You Want This Job:You want to make a tangible impact on people’s lives by improving the car buying processYou appreciate working with talented people in a variety of roles including software engineering, product management, and designYou want to take ownership of your own delivery pipelines, infrastructure and operationsEdmunds Tech BlogAt Edmunds we’re not just about making car buying easier, we're also passionate about technology! Click here to read through our Tech Blog!Working @ Edmunds.com:Employees think it’s a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal (for the last 6 years!), Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If you’re interested in learning more and joining our mission, we’d love to hear from you!Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.*LI-POST‹ ›Return to Edmunds.comApply for this jobApply for this jobApply for this jobSHARENot the right job?Join our Talent NetworkLocationReturn to Edmunds.comPOWERED BYAPPLICANT TRACKING"
