"Deloitte Jobs - Project Delivery Manager, Enterprise Performance, SAP in Hermitage, Tennessee, United StatesWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy.AcceptDeloitte JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (12,097)Job InformationDeloitte Project Delivery Manager, Enterprise Performance, SAP in Hermitage, TennesseeDeloitte Consulting LLP seeks a Project Delivery Manager, Enterprise Performance, SAP in Hermitage, TN and various unanticipated Deloitte office locations and client sites nationally.Work You’ll DoManage software development and implementation services to help companies unlock the value of big technology investments ranging from requirements to architecture, design to development, testing to deployment, and beyond as discrete services or comprehensive solutions. Manage and deliver components of engagements, including managing teams that may participate in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures within the full software development lifecycle. Manage day to day interactions with executives and sponsors; develop and maintain contact with top decision makers. Participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies. Perform role of counselor and coach; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices. Perform assessments of existing information systems and identify gaps between business requirements and current system capabilities; estimate time and resources needed for the development work. Improve internal processes, and promote knowledge sharing in the team, by contributing to the community of practice, blogs, and other forms of market eminence.80% travel required nationally.Telecommuting permitted.#LI-DNIRequirementsMaster's degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering, or a related field and three (3) years of related work experience in the job offered or in a related occupation. In the alternative, the employer will accept a Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) and five (5) years of progressive related work experience. Must also have three (3) years of related work experience involving each of the following:Utilizing ABAP (Advanced Business Application Programming) of xSuite SAP-based functional modules, including PTP (Procure to Pay), RTR (Record to Report), and CTC (Central Technical Configuration), to implement and customize configuration on Customer SAP systems;Analyzing business processes and handling customer requirements, scenario development, and technical implementation, as well as leading development, testing and deployment of SAP technology solutions;Performing Unit testing, Regression testing, and defect resolution in ServiceNow for standard and custom developments;Conducting assessment of current finance system and business architecture utilizing SAP SolMan (Solution Manager) to design the SAP System landscape, and to integrate third-party applications with SAP S/4HANA system;Designing, developing, and deploying vendor invoices applications in SAP Cloud Platform, utilizing SAP Leonardo Machine Learning, OCR (Optical Character Recognition), SAP UI5, and Document Server;Designing and developing automatic clearing of Goods Receipt (GR) and Goods Invoice (IR) using a Machine Learning application to be deployed in SAP Cloud platform; andDeveloping technical and functional specifications for SAP custom development, and interfacing with external systems through ABAP proxies to cater to unique business requirements.80% travel required nationally.Telecommuting permitted.EOE.BenefitsAt Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. at http://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/life-at-deloitte-benefits-and-rewards.htmlDeloitte’s cultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.Corporate citizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. at http://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/topics/recruiting-tips.htmlRecruiter tipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral and case interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. at http://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/topics/recruiting-tips.htmlCategory: Management ConsultingAbout DeloitteAs used in this document, Deloitte means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaProject Delivery Manager, Enterp...HermitageTennesseeClear AllEOE including Disability/Protected VeteransFor information on requesting a reasonable accommodation in the application process, visit the Company career page.Powered By"
