"Clinical Coordinator - NY - BRC JobsHomeJobsClinical Coordinator - NYToggle navigationClinical CoordinatorJobsLoginAssessment CenterNY, USASalaryFull TimeFull time employees receive a generous benefits packageEmail Me Similar Jobs	Email Me This JobMAKE AN IMPACTAre you looking to make a positive impact on the lives of those in your community? At BRC, our staff help New Yorkers experiencing homelessness reclaim their lives by providing a hand up, offering opportunities for health and self-sufficiency, and restoring hope and dignity.Each and every BRC staff member makes heroic contributions to our city, providing vital services in times of crisis and need. Through our commitment to employee wellbeing and development, BRC provides a workplace where staff can achieve their goals, make a difference with our clients, and grow personally and professionally. BRC is committed to a safe and healthy workplace: we provide PPE to all employees and enforce temperature monitoring and physical distancing best practices across our programs.Today, we have over 1000 full-time, part-time, and per-diem positions located in Manhattan, Brooklyn, the Bronx and Queens. Come and learn why 95% of BRC employees report that they would recommend BRC as a good place to work, and join us in building a more caring and compassionate city.PROGRAM DESCRIPTION:In August 2012, BRC opened its first assessment center, which serves as a first point of contact for men entering the city shelter system. Located in a newly renovated loft-style building in Greenpoint Brooklyn, this 200 bed dormitory style residence is funded by the NYC Department of Homeless Services. BRC evaluates each individual who enters the program and links them to the housing and services that best meets their needs. In addition, as a result of our continued dialogue with DHS and community leaders, BRC has dedicated one dorm (20 beds) to street homeless men of the Greenpoint community, an unprecedented commitment by the shelter system to provide a community-based strategy to respond to a significant local need.HOURS:Full-time, 37.5 hours per weekTuesday - Saturday; 11:00am - 7:30pmDUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:Provide direct clinical supervision to assessment and clinical team. Assist in the implementation of a fast paced comprehensive assessment protocol for homeless men coming to the Assessment Center. Ensure that daily, weekly and monthly DHS statistics are compiled and submitted for review. Responsible for supervision of scheduling and case-management staff. Responsible for conducting case conferences, treatment plan reviews, and maintenance of established QA procedures including over-site of AWARDS and DHS Cares database systems. Provide emergency first aid/CPR assistance when needed. Basic computer literacy required.Related duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONS:BA required. Masters preferred. Experience in working with the clients with mental illness and substance abuse issues required. Basic computer literacy required. Excellent interpersonal, managerial, and supervisory skills necessary. CPR training certification or willingness to take training class in CPR.BENEFITSBRC takes the health, safety, and wellbeing of our employees seriously. Employees are eligible for health insurance and paid sick time benefits immediately upon starting work. In addition, full time employees receive a generous benefits package, including:Competitive health and dental plans, with coverage is available for your spouse, domestic partner, and dependents.A minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation, 11 paid holidays, and additional paid sick and personal time. A 403(b) pension plan with a matching benefit paid by BRC.Tuition assistance and many training opportunities for career development.Flexible spending accounts (FSAs) are available so employees can set aside pre-tax dollars for healthcare, transit and childcare.BRC https://brc.applicantpool.com. Yes, I agree to be contacted by text messages No, I do not agree to receive text messagesI agree to ApplicantPool's Applicant Information Use Policy.*Apply for this PositionApply for this PositionSign Up For Job Alerts!ResourcesAbout UsShare This PageMaintained by ApplicantPool - © 2021Refresh"
