"Official Marketing JM 2020 Thread « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (823,356)Econometrics Discussion (51,582)Research / Journals (182,461)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,689)From the blogs (45,136)Conferences (22,129)Questions from prospective grad students (116,054)Econ Lounge (164,080)Latest Research Discussion (23,958)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (36,977)Software and Programming for Research (13,838)Macroeconomics (18,799)Microeconomics (9,119)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (317,545)General Economics Job Market Discussion (633,643)Micro Job Rumors (13,399)Macro Job Rumors (8,470)European Job Market (82,009)China Job Market (56,312)Industry Rumors (22,020)Off TopicOff Topic (2,130,313)Sport (81,571)Technology (51,378)Trash (47,137)Job MarketJob Market WikiChinese University of Hong KongBoston UniversityUnited States Military AcademyUniversidad de Los AndesJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesHealth EconomicsGlobal Finance JournalIndustrial and Labor Relations ReviewEconomics BulletinJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..1 year - 3418 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 2357 Goods vs 1388 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Economics » Economics DiscussionOfficial Marketing JM 2020 ThreadEconomist6644What does your advisor think about the coming market?He thinks its going to be a bloodbath. I just hope he's as wrong as he was last year.He says that explicitly? Here people are being very cautious saying it's still early to be sure.Considering a lot of schools already announced hiring freezes starting immediately, this does not surprise me9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist69b4Not really. People in the field are openly saying the summer market will be next to non existent. Things might happen in spring though.What does your advisor think about the coming market?He thinks its going to be a bloodbath. I just hope he's as wrong as he was last year.He says that explicitly? Here people are being very cautious saying it's still early to be sure.9 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistaa33This year's the market might be late, might be bad.Under the pessimistic scenario, you might have to wait for an additional year. But by August next year, everything will be back to normal. And this pandemic is unlike the crisis in 2008, the 'down' time is temporary and only in the very short term. Once things are under control and the virus disappears with the heat in summer, everything will be just fine. We are doing a great job here. The economy will be back soon. The jobs will be back soon.My advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.9 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 5 No Jab !Economist9fd8\"This year's the market might be late, might be bad.Under the pessimistic scenario, you might have to wait for an additional year. But by August next year, everything will be back to normal. And this pandemic is unlike the crisis in 2008, the 'down' time is temporary and only in the very short term.\"Absolutely not true. This is worse than 2008. Never have we shut down so many divisions of the economy. In 2008, we did not have to fear our life, we did not have to stay indoors, we did not have to shut universities down, cancel flights, trap parents home with children. 2008 was the stupidity of financial organizations spreading to other areas, this is much larger in scope. Just the unemployment benefit applications alone should be enough.You are assuming a cure will be found in a few weeks and once and for all. The virus is not genetically mutating to come back every season, like flu. And because we have contained the economic damage to a number of weeks, the economy will make a come back.We are not going out of lock downs for another 2 months.9 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistdd8aCertainly a humbling experience. Everybody has different priorities. Some people have families or different lifestyle preferences so staying an extra year in the program just to go up 10 spots in the rankings and get pretty much the same salary but more stress is a bad trade off for them. I agree that your advisor meant well and not many people could have anticipated this. Good luck, let's hope things are not as bad as anticipated.My advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.Maybe don't chuckle at other people. No need to put others down.I was wrong.9 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist6c05Agreed, even if we open in May or June, it will be gradual with some sectors of the economy and the supply chain being decimated or shut down for the foreseeable future. Consumer confidence and spending which were boosting an otherwise faulty economy, will be gone for a while due to high unemployment, debt and psychological reasons. China is in its first recession in 50 years, it will take a couple of years at least before we can potentially emerge from this. And doing a great job when tens of thousands of people are dying and we don’t even have a comprehensive testing plan to properly shut down the virus and get back to normal? Give me a break.\"This year's the market might be late, might be bad.Under the pessimistic scenario, you might have to wait for an additional year. But by August next year, everything will be back to normal. And this pandemic is unlike the crisis in 2008, the 'down' time is temporary and only in the very short term.\"Absolutely not true. This is worse than 2008. Never have we shut down so many divisions of the economy. In 2008, we did not have to fear our life, we did not have to stay indoors, we did not have to shut universities down, cancel flights, trap parents home with children. 2008 was the stupidity of financial organizations spreading to other areas, this is much larger in scope. Just the unemployment benefit applications alone should be enough.You are assuming a cure will be found in a few weeks and once and for all. The virus is not genetically mutating to come back every season, like flu. And because we have contained the economic damage to a number of weeks, the economy will make a come back.We are not going out of lock downs for another 2 months.9 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist69b4That's the US President for you, right here on EJMR.This year's the market might be late, might be bad.Under the pessimistic scenario, you might have to wait for an additional year. But by August next year, everything will be back to normal. And this pandemic is unlike the crisis in 2008, the 'down' time is temporary and only in the very short term. Once things are under control and the virus disappears with the heat in summer, everything will be just fine. We are doing a great job here. The economy will be back soon. The jobs will be back soon.My advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.9 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistdd8aDefinitely, this guy is a joke. You won’t make it in academia, why don’t you try to find a job in the administration? It will carry you through January.That's the US President for you, right here on EJMR.This year's the market might be late, might be bad.Under the pessimistic scenario, you might have to wait for an additional year. But by August next year, everything will be back to normal. And this pandemic is unlike the crisis in 2008, the 'down' time is temporary and only in the very short term. Once things are under control and the virus disappears with the heat in summer, everything will be just fine. We are doing a great job here. The economy will be back soon. The jobs will be back soon.My advisor advised me this time last year to do “one more year” before I went on the market. He said I would not get a “good” job without an A publication. He said he would not write me a strong recommendation without the extra year. He said “this is an investment in your career.” He said, “don’t worry if your extra year is not funded. We’ll figure it out. “I listened to my advisor. My cohort mate got the same advice. His CV was worse than mine. He did not listen to his advisor. He got a job. At the time, my advisor and I actually chuckled about his placement. “See, this is why you wait a year. You don’t want to end up like [name redacted].” My cohort mate got a job at an R1 with a 3/0 load and we chuckled. We were fools. We are fools.I feel like crap right now.My advisor is being very cagey about my funding. My university is going into full austerity and there is no money for “extra years”. I still do not have that A publication. My advisor is saying that the market might be bad for 2 or 3 years. I hate my advisor. I hate my university. I hate the job market. I hate myself. I hate COVID-19.9 months ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistaa33marketing science conference moved online??? anyone still wants to attend?8 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economiste694marketing science conference moved online??? anyone still wants to attend?Without networking, no one is going to attend. Do you actually want to sit through 12 minute presentations for the entire day?8 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista2e3marketing science conference moved online??? anyone still wants to attend?Without networking, no one is going to attend. Do you actually want to sit through 12 minute presentations for the entire day?why do they change to 12 min?8 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist56c9marketing science conference moved online??? anyone still wants to attend?Without networking, no one is going to attend. Do you actually want to sit through 12 minute presentations for the entire day?And pay $2008 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistaa33Duke needs money.marketing science conference moved online??? anyone still wants to attend?Without networking, no one is going to attend. Do you actually want to sit through 12 minute presentations for the entire day?And pay $2008 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist9fd8Where did all this stuff go for the Stanford candidate? No need to complain, no one was saying anything bad.7 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist0985Where did all this stuff go for the Stanford candidate? No need to complain, no one was saying anything bad.what stanford candidate?7 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistec5d7 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf968For anyone reading this still, over 700 people attended, the conference actually lost a little bit of money, and the survey has shown that it was a hugely popular event. So all the prognostications were basically wrong.Duke needs money.marketing science conference moved online??? anyone still wants to attend?Without networking, no one is going to attend. Do you actually want to sit through 12 minute presentations for the entire day?And pay $2005 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5b94I actually liked it more than when it was offline. Had some good one-on-one Zoom chat with faculty I would never have gotten to meet otherwise.5 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !« Previous1…170171ReplyPost	Any job offer rescinded because of the Covid-19 crisis?I know of one offer rescinded this week because of COVID-19. I believe the person was still negotiating the contract.Another reason why you should make decisions soon. Had the rescinded offer been accepted, signed, sent back to the school, this person would be right on track.Send Post »Markup: a blockquote code em strong ul ol li.Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
