"Adjunct WorldJobs School Directory Blog Testimonials AboutFind JobsSign InAdjunct job listings fromDate Listed Job Title School Delivery01/19/2021 Evaluator, Teachers College Professional Studies (Curriculum & Instruction) Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's WGU separates instruction from evaluation. This position is for evaluation. Required: Terminal Degre_in field of education, recent minimum of 3 years K-12 classroom experience, background in curriculum and instruction, experience in action/applied research with qualitative, quantitative, and mixed methods data collection and analysis and available/ability to work weekends and evenings.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?01/14/2021 Applied Algebra and Probability & Statistics Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate Doctorate in Mathematics or similar content area. Education must be from an accredited institution. Minimum of 3 years of experience providing student support and instruction in Introductory Probability & Statistics, College Algebra, and Calculus. Must have demonstrated ability to work with at-risk learners._View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?01/06/2021 Math GenEd Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Doctorate in Mathematics or similar content area. Education must be from an accredited institution. Education is verified._ Minimum of 3 years of experience providing student support and instruction in Introductory Probability & Statistics, College Algebra, and Calculus. Must have demonstrated ability to work with at-risk learners._View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?01/05/2021 MS Learning Experience Design (SME) Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate WGU is looking for qualified SMEs to help us with upcoming design/development projects, for a new MS Learning Experience Design program. This is a part-time/project based position where you would be working with WGU as an Independent Contractor. Terminal degree in instructional technology or instructional design, with extensive experience in instructional design efforts within educational organizations. Must have a minimum of 5 years teaching experience within a K-20+ environment.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?12/10/2020 Applied Algebra, Probability, and Statistics Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate Doctorate in Mathematics or similar content area. Education must be from an accredited institution. Education is verified._Separate qualifications and/or licensure may be required for some degree programs._Minimum of 3 years of experience providing student support and instruction in Introductory Probability & Statistics; experience with College Algebra and Calculus a plus. Must have demonstrated ability to work with at-risk learners.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?11/11/2020 SME - Value-Based Care Certificate & Population Health Cert Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Required: Minimum of a Masters degree in Social Work, Nursing or Care Coordination. Currently working in, with a minimum of 5 years of experience in a patient-centered, value-based care setting (nursing, social work, care coordination). Clinical experience in a healthcare setting is strongly preferred. Experience in assessment development and/or competency based assessments. Digital Literacy Skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?11/06/2020 Clinical Nutrition University of the Western States online Learn MoreLocation:Online, OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate Please see link below for full description/list of requirements.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?10/28/2020 Evaluator, IT Data Analytics Western Governors University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate WGU separates instruction from evaluation. This position is for evaluation. Doctorate or terminal degree in Data Analytics or closely related discipline (Data Science, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or Business Intelligence) required. Minimum 3 years of experience, teaching, or research in domains that require analyses of data in supporting decision-making.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Accounting University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution, and CPA or CMA certification is preferred for those applying in the field of Accounting.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Finance University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Quantitative Business Methods and Analytics University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Economics University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Human Resources University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Marketing University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?08/05/2020 Management University of Northwestern Ohio online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate The University of Northwestern Ohio is seeking applications for part-time, fully online faculty positions in the graduate and undergraduate business programs, particularly in this subject area. Required: Applicants must have a Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree from a regionally accredited institution.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 History (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Business (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Accounting (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Economics (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Communication/Public Speaking (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Chemistry (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Environmental Science (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Mathematics (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Anthropology (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 Art (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?05/19/2020 English (some geographical restriction) University of Northwestern St. Paul online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Master's Job titled: Adjunct Faculty, but positions are online and available in this discipline area according to the job description. School is only authorized to hire in the following states: AZ, CO, ID, IL, IA, KS, KY, MI, MN, MO, MS, NE, NC, ND, NJ, OH, SD, TN, TX, WA, WI. Required: Masters degree at a minimum with at least 18 graduate-level credits in the discipline in which you want to teach. Preferred (not required): Previous teaching experience with online instruction.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?02/24/2020 Adult Education Western Kentucky University online Learn MoreLocation:OnlineMinimum Education:Doctorate Required: Terminal degree in educational leadership, research, or related field.View full listing for more information and to apply >Oops, a problem with this job listing?Adjunct job listings powered byDate Listed Job Title School Delivery01/22/2021 Music Adjunct Western New England University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Springfield, MA Western New England University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Western New England University is a private, independent, coeducational institution founded in…View full listing for more information and to apply >12/15/2020 Adjunct Faculty - English Composition Western Wyoming Community College traditional Learn MoreLocation:Rock Springs, WY Job Title Adjunct Faculty - English Composition. Thank you for your interest in teaching at Western Wyoming Community College.View full listing for more information and to apply >11/17/2020 Research and Statistics Adjunct Stevens-Henager College traditional Learn MoreLocation:Remote CEHE operates degree-granting career colleges throughout the western United States and online. The Center for Excellence in Higher Education (CEHE) is a 501(c)…View full listing for more information and to apply >10/17/2019 Adjuncts – History St Thomas University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Miami Gardens, FL History areas of interest include Western Civilization, Modern American, African-American, Hispanic-American, Cuban-American, Caribbean, Women’s, Urban, or…View full listing for more information and to apply >06/14/2019 Adjunct-Birth-Kindergarten Western Carolina University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Cullowhee, NC Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Adjunct faculty generally teach one to three classes (up to nine credits per…View full listing for more information and to apply >01/05/2021 Business Adjunct Instructor Stevens-Henager College traditional Learn MoreLocation:San Diego, CA CEHE operates degree-granting career colleges throughout the western United States and online. The Center for Excellence in Higher Education (CEHE) is a 501(c)…View full listing for more information and to apply >06/14/2019 Music Adjunct Western Carolina University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Cullowhee, NC Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Western Carolina University uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility of…View full listing for more information and to apply >01/07/2020 Adjunct Faculty - Construction Management Western Carolina University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Cullowhee, NC Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Western Carolina University uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility of…View full listing for more information and to apply >07/14/2020 Adjunct-English Western Carolina University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Cullowhee, NC Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. The English Department at Western Carolina University is looking for a…View full listing for more information and to apply >09/08/2020 Adjunct-Geography Western Carolina University traditional Learn MoreLocation:Cullowhee, NC Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. The Western Carolina University Annual Safety Report is available online at…View full listing for more information and to apply >Bad Link No Longer Available Other CommentsSendCancelQuestions, Comments, or Concerns?Please fill out the contact form and let us know!SendHelpAbout AdjunctWorldTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite MapAdjunct Jobs by Discipline© 2014, AdjunctWorld, LLC, all rights reservedXExisting member?Please log in to view details.Email:Password:Forgot password?Not a member?Please register with us to view details.Adjuncts SchoolsxSuccess! Your message is on its way.Message ( characters remaining)Limit 10 emails per day.Cancel Send Message"
