"Colorado Energy Jobs - Cloud Solution Engineer - Oracle ERP Cloud (West) in Louisville, Colorado, United StatesColorado Energy JobsColorado JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (5,669)Job InformationOracle Cloud Solution Engineer - Oracle ERP Cloud (West) in Louisville, ColoradoProvides direction and specialist knowledge in applying the technology/application to client business. Facilitation of customer product/application understanding through presentations demonstrations and benchmarks; provision of support throughout the sell.As a Principal Sales Consultant you will be responsible as the expert for formulating and leading presales technical / functional support activity to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction. Acts as a technical resource and mentor for less experienced Sales Consultants. Focuses on large or complex sales opportunities that need creative and complex solutions. Develops productivity tools and training for other Sales Consultants. Develops and delivers outstanding Oracle presentations and demonstrations. Leads any and all aspects of the technical sales process. Advises internal and external clients on overall architect solutions.Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. 3 years vendor (sales and marketing) experience. 7 years business experience with relevant computer applications or database/tools. Ability to implement the most advanced product features. Thorough knowledge of system and application design. In depth knowledge of competitors. Demonstrated project management skills. Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills: needs analysis, positioning, business justification, closing techniques. Ability to persuade others through presentations, demonstrations, and written communication. Ability to travel as needed. A/BS degree or equivalent, advanced degree highly desirable.Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law._Role Overview:_We are looking for an experienced pre-sales SaaS Cloud Solution Engineer with proven success messaging, positioning with business value, and demonstrating to ERP (Financials, Supply Chain, etc.) functional areas.As an acknowledged authority within Oracle, this senior-level Principal Solution Engineer (SE) has a breadth of knowledge and understanding of solutions, industry best practices, connected business processes and impact on business value. The SE collaborates with our multi-pillar SaaS Cloud Sales team to design innovative, modern solutions that compel our customers and projects to take action.The Principal SE’s role will be that of a solution architect working with a selling team focusing on larger, high growth accounts, both Oracle customer and greenfield prospects, in our Major Accounts territory. The SE partners with sales and focuses on developing account plans, deal strategies, and then assist with executing against both. Activities include developing a point of view for the account/opportunity, validating this with account executives, understanding requirements, helping to develop a compelling solution supported by business value, assisting with RFP/Proposal efforts, orchestrating pre-sales resources, delivering presentations and demonstrations at various levels up to and including the C-level, as well as other selling events._Responsibilities:_Provide direction and specialist knowledge in applying Oracle cloud solutions to client business challenges.Facilitate customer solution understanding through meetings, presentations, and demonstrations throughout the sales cycle.Formulate the strategy, plan and solution and lead the pre-sales functions supporting activity to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction.Develop and deliver outstanding presentations and demonstrations – excellent communication skills (verbal, written, face-to-face, digital deliver) a must.Guide and influence all aspects of a sales process based on your extensive experience, in partnership with your selling team.Advise internal and external clients on overall solutions and architecture.Lead large, complex sales opportunities that need creative design, strategy and solutions.Act as a resource and mentor for less experienced Solution Engineers and Sales Reps.Help to develop and deliver productivity enablement for the SE and Sales organizations._Skills:_Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in the area of specialization.3 years SaaS Cloud solution provider experience in a selling/marketing capacity (pre-sales preferred)7 years business experience with relevant application solutions (e.g., solutions such as Oracle Cloud for ERP, SCM)Thorough knowledge of system and application design & knowledge of competitors.Demonstrated project management and leadership skills – able to manage complex teams, cycles.Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills: needs analysis, positioning/messaging, business value and justification, compelling/closing techniques.Ability to effectively persuade others through presentations, demonstrations, and written communication.Travel as needed, up to 50%A/BS in Accounting/Finance or Supply Chain Management degree or equivalent, advanced degree desirable.Job: *Pre SalesOrganization: *OracleTitle: *Cloud Solution Engineer - Oracle ERP Cloud (West) *Location: United StatesRequisition ID: 20000UHKApply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaCloud Solution Engineer - Oracle...LouisvilleColoradoClear AllFeatured JobsColorado Energy JobsColorado Engineering JobsColorado Healthcare JobsColorado Hospitality and Tourism JobsColorado Manufacturing JobsColorado Skilled Trades JobsColorado Technology JobsColorado Transportation JobsColorado Veterans JobsColorado Jobs"
