"BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Jobs - Mechanic 3rd shift in Holdrege, Nebraska, United StatesBD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) JobsMobile navigation menuA Great Place To WorkCompensation & BenefitsDiversity & InclusionLearning & DevelopmentWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (2,258)Job InformationBD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Mechanic 3rd shift in Holdrege, NebraskaJob Description SummaryMechanicJob DescriptionBD is one of the largest global medical technology companies in the world and is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD helps customers enhance outcomes, lower costs, increase efficiencies, improve safety and expand access to health care. bd.com​JOB SUMMARY Set up and maintain automatic, semi-automatic and hand operated machines so that parts produced will conform to all qualityspecifications. Maintain proper flow through area of responsibility.ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSEssential functions include but are not limited to:1. Set up all automatic, semi-automatic and hand operated machines so that all products produced will meet all quality specifications.2. Maintain all machinery as required.3. Make all repairs to machines and notify proper personnel of necessary major repair.4. Examine machines for defects, dismantle and repair as necessary.5. Create work orders and notifications and close PM work orders on time after completing PM task.6. Perform preventive maintenance as dictated by the maintenance planner.7. Instruct operators concerning proper methods for the purpose of attaining maximum quality and quantity production in a professional manner.8. Work with engineering in making recommendations for modifying equipment.9. Schedule work and requisition material as required.10. Assist in training new personnel in all jobs in the department as required.11. Assist team leader in planning and controlling the quality and quantity of production.12. Actively participates as a team member with operators, utilities and all other personnel working in assigned area.13. Responsible for quality of product after machine repairs. Ensures product quality meets specifications and proper documentation is completed14. Responsible for informing team leader of machine problems or other causes of production stoppages.15. Learn all quality inspections.16. Observe all plant safety standards and perform job safety analysis. Must know lock out procedures and Safety Key Interrupt procedures.17. Routinely checks with operators on equipment in a proactive manner for any quality or operational issues.18. Works with limited supervision.EducationMinimum Requirement: High school diploma or GEDVocational / Technical School/ Associates Degree preferredKnowledge, Skills and Abilities- Previous mechanical experience or equivalent- Strong mechanical aptitude with basic mechanical knowledge and skill.- Proven knowledge of basic mechanical drive systems and components including but not limited to:- cam motions;- intermittent motion indexers;- gear drive transmissions;- prime movers - electrical motors, etc;- robots;- bearings and bushings - repair & replacement;- timing & synchronization of mechanical drive trains.- Basic electrical and electronic knowledge sufficient to troubleshoot problems and assist electronic technician in repairs.- Ability to understand valve diagrams.- Strong understanding of mechanical and electrical vibratory feed systems with the ability to repair preferred.- Basic leadership skill in order to perform incidental supervision.- Proven problem solving and decision making skills.- Well developed verbal and written communication skills.- Well developed planning and organizational skills.- Preferred understanding of pneumatic systems including:- fluidic and pneumatic components (valves, cylinders, control devices, regulators, flow controls, etc.)Becton, Dickinson and Company is an EqualOpportunity/AffirmativeAction Employer. We do not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status.Primary Work LocationUSA NE - HoldregeAdditional LocationsWork ShiftUS BD 3rd Shift 11pm-7am (United States of America)Becton, Dickinson and Company is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We do not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status, or any other protected status.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaMechanic 3rd shiftHoldregeNebraskaClear AllBecton, Dickinson and Company is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We do not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status, or any other protected status.All applicants should complete the on-line application process. BD is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or an accommodation because of a disability to participate in the application process, please call 855-BD-HELPS (855-234-3577) or email asc.americas@bd.comEEO is the LawRight to Work (English)Right to Work (Espanol)E-Verify Participation (Eng/Esp)© BD. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise noted, BD, the BD Logo and all other trademarks are property of Becton, Dickinson and Company.Privacy Policy | Terms of Use"
