"Digital Growth Leader @Mięsna PaczkaRocket Jobs PLDla marketingu i nowoczesnej sprzedażyOffers Companies rss_feed Geek Eventreturn to list🤓 Digital Growth LeaderUndisclosed salary🌍 Mięsna Paczka | Bagatela 10, Warszawa🖥 https://www.miesnapaczka.pl/#ecommerce, #marketing, #digitalDon’t you find it weird that we need to label naturally produced food? Well, we do.However weird though - that’s where we are today, and when it comes to meat - we’re here to change it.95% of people in Poland eat meat, we won't turn them into vegetarians overnight - but we can teach them how to eat meat responsibly.At MIĘSNA PACZKA, company founded by people behind Groupon, Travelist, Omnipack, iProspect, we believe in:OrganicNatural, pure meat, the way it should be. No additives, hormones, antibiotics or GMO. Nothing. Just meat.Quality over QuantityIt’s a no brainer - for our health and sustainability of our planet we need to eat less meat. And the meat we eat needs to be of MUCH better quality. Less is more.Waste Reduction20% of production in the meat industry is wasted. Why not to make it closer to...0%? We freeze our meat at the peak of freshness. Customers love it, we love it. Done.Sustainable FarmingFrom no pesticides in the ground all the way to free range access for animals. Organic certified and controlled by external bodies. Back to normal.ConvenienceWe’re all busy. Too busy. But with technology we have ways to make the life of our customers easier. Much easier.That’s why at Mięsna Paczka we deliver fresh, organic-certified, high quality meat to families in Poland.Our ambition? Drive the shift towards organic produce in the Polish food market.How? Become synonymous for quality meat for at least 100 000 families in Poland.Excited? Let’s do something that matters. Join us!In our intensive growth and development stage, we are looking for top talent in Poland:Digital Growth LeaderWe would like you to:Design and implement marketing strategy with a focus on digital channels and PR activity.Lead customer-acquisition’s campaigns across all marketing channels to drive sales, profit, and engagement.Be responsible for end-to-end performance marketing across the lifecycle of the customer experience: acquisition, conversion, analytics, and attribution.Manage marketing analysis: monitor, analyze and report on KPIs to ensure marketing initiatives are driving profitable acquisition.Base growth-related decisions on detailed quantitative analysis.Maximize media spend through rigorous testing and optimization.Develop relations with the media in order to share our knowledge about health and organic farming.We are expecting that you have:Experience in leading performance marketing campaigns on multiple channels: social, SEM, SEO, email, display.Passion for numbers: an analytical mindset and a strong belief that integrating marketing principles with data-driven results is critical for great campaigns.Ability to switch between micro and macro perspectives to create a tailored marketing strategy.Experience or willingness to be involved in PR activities.Readiness to roll up your sleeves and get things done as well as build a team in the future.High level of empathy to turn customer insights into emotion-driven branding.What we offer:Rare opportunity to join the core management team in an exciting fast-growing start-up.Ownership and direct impact on the company development.Comfortable environment to grow in the area of marketing, DTC branding, start-up building, team management, business management, retail and food industry.Support network of mentors with experience from BCG, Groupon, Secret Escapes, Danone, Stanford MBA and Google Online Marketing Challenge Winners.Fun, talented, hard-working co-workers, family-style company culture.Possibility to be one of the first 5 people in a well funded startup (3.5M zł in funding) that has an ambition of generating 100M zł in revenue by 2026.Employee Stock Ownership Plan - we want everyone to be part of our success."
