"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.12 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent SearchBoston jobsCashier Restaurant Team MemberBoston Market Plano, TexasHere at Boston Market, we are Far From Fries. Are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? We have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. Crew Members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. A career at Boston Market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. We have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: Servers, Cashiers, Carvers, Cooks, Drive Thru and more. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? o Discounted meals while you're on the clock o Corporate Discount Programs o Daily Pay Opportunities o Medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary) o College Partnerships o We actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for Give Kids the World Village Previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. We'll train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the Boston Market way.Jan 27, 2021Full timeHere at Boston Market, we are Far From Fries. Are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? We have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. Crew Members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. A career at Boston Market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. We have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: Servers, Cashiers, Carvers, Cooks, Drive Thru and more. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? o Discounted meals while you're on the clock o Corporate Discount Programs o Daily Pay Opportunities o Medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary) o College Partnerships o We actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for Give Kids the World Village Previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. We'll train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the Boston Market way.Restaurant Team Member-CookBoston Market Southfield, MichiganHere at Boston Market, we are Far From Fries. Are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? We have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. Crew Members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. A career at Boston Market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. We have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: Servers, Cashiers, Carvers, Cooks, Drive Thru and more. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? o Discounted meals while you're on the clock o Corporate Discount Programs o Daily Pay Opportunities o Medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary) o College Partnerships o We actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for Give Kids the World Village Previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. We'll train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the Boston Market way.Jan 27, 2021Full timeHere at Boston Market, we are Far From Fries. Are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? We have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. Crew Members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. A career at Boston Market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. We have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: Servers, Cashiers, Carvers, Cooks, Drive Thru and more. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? o Discounted meals while you're on the clock o Corporate Discount Programs o Daily Pay Opportunities o Medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary) o College Partnerships o We actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for Give Kids the World Village Previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. We'll train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the Boston Market way.KFC Shift SupervisorKFC New Boston, TexasDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're ready for a career in restaurant management, our Shift Supervisor position is the right place to start. Working as a Shift Supervisor lets you develop your management skills while still having the time to do the things you enjoy. You'll benefit from our training and career opportunities and receive reward and recognition for your efforts. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - We have a GREAT culture at KFC and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic and fun. Able to get along and talk easily with people. You're never short of a smile and take real pride in your work; cope well under pressure and thrive on a challenge. - A natural leader, you want to be captain because you can bring together a winning team.. You're all about teaching new things and motivating the team to work together. - You set high standards for yourself and the people you work with - you love keeping things fun for the team and the customers. - You want to learn how to run great restaurants from the best restaurant managers in the business. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. We've got great jobs for people just starting their careers, looking for a flexible second job or continuing to work after retirement. At KFC, what you do matters! If you want a fun, flexible job and be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today! KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.Jan 25, 2021Description At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're ready for a career in restaurant management, our Shift Supervisor position is the right place to start. Working as a Shift Supervisor lets you develop your management skills while still having the time to do the things you enjoy. You'll benefit from our training and career opportunities and receive reward and recognition for your efforts. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - We have a GREAT culture at KFC and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic and fun. Able to get along and talk easily with people. You're never short of a smile and take real pride in your work; cope well under pressure and thrive on a challenge. - A natural leader, you want to be captain because you can bring together a winning team.. You're all about teaching new things and motivating the team to work together. - You set high standards for yourself and the people you work with - you love keeping things fun for the team and the customers. - You want to learn how to run great restaurants from the best restaurant managers in the business. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. We've got great jobs for people just starting their careers, looking for a flexible second job or continuing to work after retirement. At KFC, what you do matters! If you want a fun, flexible job and be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today! KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.KFC Restaurant General ManagerKFC New Boston, TexasDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.Jan 25, 2021Description At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.KFC General ManagerKFC Boston, MassachusettsDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters.Jan 25, 2021Description At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters.KFC Restaurant General ManagerKFC New Boston, TexasDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.Jan 24, 2021Full timeDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.KFC Shift SupervisorKFC New Boston, TexasDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're ready for a career in restaurant management, our Shift Supervisor position is the right place to start. Working as a Shift Supervisor lets you develop your management skills while still having the time to do the things you enjoy. You'll benefit from our training and career opportunities and receive reward and recognition for your efforts. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - We have a GREAT culture at KFC and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic and fun. Able to get along and talk easily with people. You're never short of a smile and take real pride in your work; cope well under pressure and thrive on a challenge. - A natural leader, you want to be captain because you can bring together a winning team.. You're all about teaching new things and motivating the team to work together. - You set high standards for yourself and the people you work with - you love keeping things fun for the team and the customers. - You want to learn how to run great restaurants from the best restaurant managers in the business. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. We've got great jobs for people just starting their careers, looking for a flexible second job or continuing to work after retirement. At KFC, what you do matters! If you want a fun, flexible job and be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today! KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.Jan 24, 2021Full timeDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're ready for a career in restaurant management, our Shift Supervisor position is the right place to start. Working as a Shift Supervisor lets you develop your management skills while still having the time to do the things you enjoy. You'll benefit from our training and career opportunities and receive reward and recognition for your efforts. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - We have a GREAT culture at KFC and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic and fun. Able to get along and talk easily with people. You're never short of a smile and take real pride in your work; cope well under pressure and thrive on a challenge. - A natural leader, you want to be captain because you can bring together a winning team.. You're all about teaching new things and motivating the team to work together. - You set high standards for yourself and the people you work with - you love keeping things fun for the team and the customers. - You want to learn how to run great restaurants from the best restaurant managers in the business. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters. Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements. We've got great jobs for people just starting their careers, looking for a flexible second job or continuing to work after retirement. At KFC, what you do matters! If you want a fun, flexible job and be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today! KBP Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, assignment, re-assignment, promotion, transfer, compensation, discipline, and termination. The Company prohibits discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in employment based on race; color; religion; genetic information; national origin; sex (including same sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity); pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.KFC General ManagerKFC Boston, MassachusettsDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters.Jan 24, 2021Full timeDescription At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer's day. So our jobs are more than a paycheck - they're about being independent, having fun, and making new friends. If you're already a successful manager, you need to check out our Restaurant General Manager position. As a Restaurant General Manager, you have the keys to a $1 million+ business (literally!). And when you grow your team and the business by making our customers' day, you get rewarded in a big way. Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go: - A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You're all about creating a great place to work for the team. - You want to make your customer's day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. - We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun. - You set high standards for yourself and for the team. - You're up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. - And, you're at least 18 years old with a valid driver's license, reliable transportation (not public transportation - you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow. Additional Info This job posting is for a position in a restaurant that is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. This means your application will be reviewed by the franchisee who will make any hiring decisions. If hired, the franchisee will be your employer and is alone responsible for any employment related matters.Security Officer HotelAllied Universal Burlington, MassachusettsWe are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees. At Allied Universal, we pride ourselves on fostering a promote from within culture. There are countless examples of individuals who began their career as Security Professionals and today hold positions on our senior leadership team. For all full-time positions, we offer medical, dental and vision coverage, life insurance, 401K, employee assistance programs, company discounts, perks and more! We also offer part-time and flexible schedules! Start your phenomenal career with Allied Universal today! Allied Universal is currently seeking Full Time Security Officers to help oversee operations at a Hotel Site in Boston, MA Full Time Openings Starting Pay Rate: $25/hr Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer. As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NEJan 22, 2021We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees. At Allied Universal, we pride ourselves on fostering a promote from within culture. There are countless examples of individuals who began their career as Security Professionals and today hold positions on our senior leadership team. For all full-time positions, we offer medical, dental and vision coverage, life insurance, 401K, employee assistance programs, company discounts, perks and more! We also offer part-time and flexible schedules! Start your phenomenal career with Allied Universal today! Allied Universal is currently seeking Full Time Security Officers to help oversee operations at a Hotel Site in Boston, MA Full Time Openings Starting Pay Rate: $25/hr Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer. As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NESecurity Officer HotelAllied Universal Burlington, MassachusettsWe are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees. At Allied Universal, we pride ourselves on fostering a promote from within culture. There are countless examples of individuals who began their career as Security Professionals and today hold positions on our senior leadership team. For all full-time positions, we offer medical, dental and vision coverage, life insurance, 401K, employee assistance programs, company discounts, perks and more! We also offer part-time and flexible schedules! Start your phenomenal career with Allied Universal today! Allied Universal is currently seeking Full Time Security Officers to help oversee operations at a Hotel Site in Boston, MA Full Time Openings Starting Pay Rate: $25/hr Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer . As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NEJan 21, 2021Full timeWe are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees. At Allied Universal, we pride ourselves on fostering a promote from within culture. There are countless examples of individuals who began their career as Security Professionals and today hold positions on our senior leadership team. For all full-time positions, we offer medical, dental and vision coverage, life insurance, 401K, employee assistance programs, company discounts, perks and more! We also offer part-time and flexible schedules! Start your phenomenal career with Allied Universal today! Allied Universal is currently seeking Full Time Security Officers to help oversee operations at a Hotel Site in Boston, MA Full Time Openings Starting Pay Rate: $25/hr Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Officer . As a Professional Security Officer for Allied Universal you will be Responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Officer, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NE Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-NECompensation & Benefits SpecialistRobert Half Boston, MassachusettsRef ID: 02663046 Classification: Compensation & Benefits Specialist Compensation: $23.00 to $28.00 hourly Office Team is looking for a Benefits Specialist to join a growing team. The person in this role facilitates strong cross-functional collaboration between the benefits business function, the Management Information Systems (MIS) group and external vendors to help ensure data sharing, technical trouble-shooting and reporting needs are effectively met. The person is well versed in Workday Benefits and has experience working with business users and technical teams to find solutions. This role also provides general customer service to employees and communities to ensure timely and accurate resolution of a variety of employee and vendor related questions, and overall efficient plan administration. Job Requirements: - Workday - Compensation & Benefits If you have the relevant experience and are interested in the position, please send an updated copy of your resume, today, to ! OfficeTeam, a Robert Half Company, matches professionals in the administrative field with remote or on-site jobs on a temporary and temporary-to-full-time basis. Whether you're a seasoned administrative pro or starting your career, we have options for you. Our experienced staffing professionals can promote you to employers and advocate on your behalf. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. For more opportunities, get the Robert Half app and receive instant notifications when our AI matches your skills and experience with jobs. When you work with us, you're working with the best. has been recognized as one of FORTUNE's \"Most Admired Companies\" every year since 1998 and was named to Forbes' inaugural list of America's Best Temporary Staffing Firms. Questions? Call your local office at 1.. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit for more information.  2020 OfficeTeam. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking \"Apply Now,\" you're agreeing to Robert Half's Terms of Use ( ).Jan 13, 2021Full timeRef ID: 02663046 Classification: Compensation & Benefits Specialist Compensation: $23.00 to $28.00 hourly Office Team is looking for a Benefits Specialist to join a growing team. The person in this role facilitates strong cross-functional collaboration between the benefits business function, the Management Information Systems (MIS) group and external vendors to help ensure data sharing, technical trouble-shooting and reporting needs are effectively met. The person is well versed in Workday Benefits and has experience working with business users and technical teams to find solutions. This role also provides general customer service to employees and communities to ensure timely and accurate resolution of a variety of employee and vendor related questions, and overall efficient plan administration. Job Requirements: - Workday - Compensation & Benefits If you have the relevant experience and are interested in the position, please send an updated copy of your resume, today, to ! OfficeTeam, a Robert Half Company, matches professionals in the administrative field with remote or on-site jobs on a temporary and temporary-to-full-time basis. Whether you're a seasoned administrative pro or starting your career, we have options for you. Our experienced staffing professionals can promote you to employers and advocate on your behalf. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. For more opportunities, get the Robert Half app and receive instant notifications when our AI matches your skills and experience with jobs. When you work with us, you're working with the best. has been recognized as one of FORTUNE's \"Most Admired Companies\" every year since 1998 and was named to Forbes' inaugural list of America's Best Temporary Staffing Firms. Questions? Call your local office at 1.. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit for more information.  2020 OfficeTeam. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking \"Apply Now,\" you're agreeing to Robert Half's Terms of Use ( ).Cashier Restaurant Team MemberBoston Market Daly City, CaliforniaHere at Boston Market, we are Far From Fries. Are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? We have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. Crew Members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. A career at Boston Market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. We have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: Servers, Cashiers, Carvers, Cooks, Drive Thru and more. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? o Discounted meals while you're on the clock o Corporate Discount Programs o Daily Pay Opportunities o Medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary) o College Partnerships o We actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for Give Kids the World Village Previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. We'll train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the Boston Market way.Jan 13, 2021Full timeHere at Boston Market, we are Far From Fries. Are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? We have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. Crew Members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. A career at Boston Market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. We have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: Servers, Cashiers, Carvers, Cooks, Drive Thru and more. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? o Discounted meals while you're on the clock o Corporate Discount Programs o Daily Pay Opportunities o Medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary) o College Partnerships o We actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for Give Kids the World Village Previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. We'll train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the Boston Market way.Load moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
