"Get Your Job Passion Back!HOMEDEALS/SAVINGSABOUTTESTIMONIALS & REVIEWSSERVICESORDER NOWCONTACTBLOGMoreAll PostsCareer CoachingCareer PivotsResume WritingChallenging the Status QuoConnecting To Your Inner GPSJob UncertaintyInterview PrepCOVID-19SearchLog in / Sign upJRDJan 23, 20204 min readGet Your Job Passion Back!You have reached a point where you are no longer as excited about your job as you once were. Do not despair. There are ways to re-jumpstart your job passion when you feel you've lost it. Remember, you know it's still there, let’s go find it.Where did my passion go? Why do I often feeling burnt out? You may be feeling like you're no longer excited about what you do. The first thing to do is to be aware of that feeling. It may be a little scary at first and might be easier not to change anything, but what if you embraced this feeling and turned it into a positive motivator? You don't want to spend your whole life, thinking about 'what if.' Figure out what you want to do and create a plan and some action steps. Just take that first step — you got this!\"But what is the first step? Well, it turns out there are several, and you don't necessarily have to do them in order.Identify What Has ChangedMost relationships evolve, whether it is a personal one or the one you have with your job, and that leads to something changing from how it was before. Now is the time to identify what has happened. It is important to understand why you have lost your passion and energy in the first place. Is it your new micromanager who is constantly on your back? Is it that you're no longer feeling challenged? It is difficult to know how to get your passion back until you know what is deflating it. Once you recognize the key issues, think about practical steps you can take to address them.Figure Out Your Likes And DislikesEven if you now dread going to work instead of looking forward to it, there must be some things you still enjoy… even if it is just the office candy jar! But, honestly, there must be aspects of your job you still like. Take a step back to explore and discover the passions that drive and motivate you, Ask yourself some questions, such as 'What projects and conversations energize me at work?' and Which meetings and I am excited to attend and which ones do I dread? Look for the common themes and write a list of identified aspects that ignite your professional passion.Ask For More Work And Job ResponsibilitiesI know, you're probably thinking: WTF? More work? But perhaps with your current job, you like it, but some of the tasks have become so routine, you could do them in your sleep. So by asking for extra tasks, not only do you get to switch things up, but your manager also sees that you're proactive (read: extra credit points when it comes time to promoting someone in your department). In any case, it's likely that some of the new tasks will get you excited about your job again.Get Creative In Making Your Job More FunOK so now you have your likes, dislikes, and perhaps some extra work thrown into the mix. Think of creative ways that you can incorporate those aspects from above that ignite your professional passions into your work day, For example, if you are passionate about mentoring, perhaps you can start a mentoring group for new starters or ask your manager if there are any mentoring opportunities within the team. If one of your passions is public speaking, perhaps you can ask your manager if you can present to the team at monthly meetings or if there are any opportunities for you to get more involved in presenting at external conferences and events.Remember To Spend Time On Personal Passions, TooYou know how when one thing in your life seems to be going wrong, it bleeds into other areas of your life, too? Well, if you're happy outside of work, it could help you be happy inside of work, as well. Point being — don't forget to focus on your personal passions, too. Sometimes we think that our passion at work must be directly associated to our role or responsibilities, In fact, there are many ways to bring your personal passions into your career to make it more enjoyable and exciting. Take some time to reflect on your personal passions by asking yourself questions, such as If I had a whole weekend to myself, how would I spend it? and What are the things outside of work that bring me joy and energy? Look for the common themes and write a list of your identified personal passions. Next, think of creative ways to introduce them into your work. For example, if one your passions is 'getting outdoors,' perhaps you could turn two meetings each week into walking meetings. Or if one of your passions is jogging, perhaps you could start a running group that gets together at lunch time.Let's say you try all the above, but you still feeling something is missing. In that case, you may want to think about changing careers. One way to do that is to explore other interests you have. Often, professionals are stuck in jobs they don't like because they are unsure what else they could be doing, A good career coach will help you analyze your skills and interests to help you understand what your goals are, and then help you reach them.Need Help?If you feel something is missing, please go to www.upwithjr.com and click on the Free 30-minute consultation to learn about my 3 session series called Career Exploration – Reconnecting to Your Inner GPS. We all are constantly evolving as people, perhaps it is time to acknowledge the new you and re-evaluate how you can contribute through a career change.Career Coaching•Career Pivots•Challenging the Status Quo5 views0 commentsRecent PostsSee AllThe Power of Making a Connection and Using Power Stories to Win Job Interviews150Think the Pandemic Has Derailed Your Career? Regroup & Thrive!170Spin a Career Change in Your Favor During an Interview170BACK TO TOP© 2017 by Unlimited Potential with Julie Rose, Julie R Delgado, LLC"
