"GNB Physician RecruitmenthomeCurrent OpeningsMedical Student Registration & Medical Resident RegistrationLiving HereNB Health SystemResourcesContact USFrançaisMedical Student Registration & Medical Resident RegistrationTHE POSITION:Family MedicinePOSITION DESCRIPTION:The Campbellton Regional Hospital located in Campbellton, New Brunswick, is recruiting a full-time Family Medicine physician for his Community Health Care Centre located in Dalhousie, NB. This establishment can count on a team of six doctors, nurse practitioners, nurses and employees. The incumbent of this position provides care and medical services to patients, families and population served by the institution according to the needs and priorities established in partnership with the community. He or she ensures a collaborative practice, coverage of the Clinic without appointments (Walk-in clinic) and participates in the program of the hospitalists of the Campbellton Regional Hospital.EMPLOYER :Overview of the Campbellton Regional Hospital – The CRH is a regional hospital of approximately 166 beds including a six (6) bed ICU unit. The Campbellton Regional Hospital is a regional institution for general care. It offers all the primary and secondary care services to the residents of the Health Region 5 and is also affiliated with the University of Sherbrooke for teaching. With a staff of more than 900 people, it benefits from the services of 37 family physicians and 33 specialists. The hospital offers a range of services, including emergency care, ambulatory care, intensive care, obstetrics and gynecology, psychiatry acute, medicine, rehabilitation, geriatric medicine, general surgery, orthopedics, the oto-rhino-laryngology, urology, pediatrics, palliative care and the care of veterans. The establishment offers a complete range of services for diagnostic imaging and laboratory, including a mobile system of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The team work is of capital importance for the staff of the Campbellton Regional Hospital, as attested by the commitment of its various committees and multidisciplinary teams. The CRH is an authorized partner of the francophone Family Medicine program of New Brunswick, affiliated with the University of Sherbrooke.Overview of the Regional Health Authority – Vitalité Health Network is one of the two regional health authorities in New Brunswick. The Network is the only Francophone managed organization of its kind in the country and provides services in nearly 70 sites and points of service throughout four health zones, covering all of the northern region and part of the southeastern region of the province. Services and care are provided in the official language chosen by the patient and are available at home, in the community, or in a facility, according to needs. The range of services includes disease prevention and health promotion, treatment of illness, rehabilitation, home care, and palliative care. Additional services provided by hospital facilities include public health, community mental health, addiction, community health centres, the Extra-Mural Program, and veterans' centres. The Network is also active in the training and research fields, which helps to keep the staff’s skills up to date and plan for succession. For more information, visit the Network’s website at www.vitalitenb.ca.HOURS OF WORK• Minimum of 37.5 hours per week• Sharing the relays of the clinic without appointments(walk-in clinic) in a fair manner with all the members of the medical team of the establishmentJOB DUTIES:This position involves clinical work in the provision of general medical care of patients. The work involves responsibility for performing medical care in the diagnosis and treatment of illness and may require close cooperation with various health care professionals. Work is performed with opportunity for independent judgment and action, and is reviewed by the physician’s Clinical Department Head / Chief of Service / Program Director in which the physician works. Review of the work may also be supervised by the Local and Regional Chiefs of Staff and the zone’s Medical Director of the Regional Health Authority (RHA). The physician works in accordance of the RHA Bylaws.REMUNERATION:The candidate will be remunerated on a salaried model. This may range between a minimum of $181,116 to a maximum of $199,000 annually (excluding benefits and source deductions) based on qualifications and experience. On call remuneration is fee for service.QUALIFICATIONS:• The candidate must have his Certification of the College of Family Physicians of Canada• The candidate must have completed his or her residency and passed the LMCC exam• The candidate must be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of New Brunswick. https://www.cpsnb.org/• Knowledge of French and English, spoken and written, is necessaryEXPECTED START DATE:As soon as possibleINCENTIVES:• Possibility of a location grant depending of the eligibility set by the Department of Health with a return of service• Moving Expense AllowanceABOUT THE COMMUNITY:Campbellton is beautifully situated amid one of the world’s oldest mountain ranges, the Appalachians, and located on the shores of the Restigouche River, known worldwide for salmon fishing. The earliest settlements to the area contained Scottish, English, French, Irish and Micmac cultural groups. These vibrant people remain to this day a unique mosaic of the Canadian identity in and around the City. Campbellton is recognized for its quality of life, educational opportunities and social and cultural diversity. The city rates highly with its sports facilities and the outdoor wonder of its parks and playgrounds. Improved hiking trails and recreation developments are benefits for residents' health and the environment. To learn more about Campbellton, visit the City’s website at www.campbellton.org .Apply TodayFirst NameLast NamePhoneMobileEmailStreetCityState/ProvinceCountryPostal codeCurrently EmployedEmployerYears of ExperienceCover LetterUpload CV (please include cover letter)Copyright © 2021 Government of New BrunswickPrivacyDisclaimer"
