"Job Application for Art Teacher at Zeta Charter SchoolsApply NowArt Teacherat Zeta Charter Schools (View all jobs)New York, NYJoin our missionAt Zeta, we pursue an unprecedented combination of high academic achievement and social-emotional development. We insist that every child receives a world-class education while fostering a love for learning. We are changing the public education landscape for all of New York City’s children, and we are uncompromising in our mission.To achieve our vision, we are searching for specialist teachers with a Bachelor’s degree, at least 1-2 years of teaching experience, and mastery of visual arts.Deliver incredible resultsAs an Art Teacher at Zeta, you will develop and execute a vision of excellence in visual art, working with leaders and teammates to craft the curriculum. At Zeta, we execute our specialty programming with the same level of dedication to excellence, joy, and continuous improvement that we have for our academic programming. Specialty activities are the mechanism for children to come to know and challenge themselves. Through specialty activities, children express their sense of self long before they can articulate this sense with words. It is where work is play, where children are willing to put in more work than they might otherwise in pursuit of their goals and of excellence.Your passion for innovation in the classroom will enhance the life trajectories of your students and launch them towards their most powerful and fulfilling lives.At Zeta, you will receive constant support and professional development while working with a world-class team. Every week, school teams dedicate time to engage in professional development workshops and mindfulness routines. Throughout the school day, Zeta maintains an open door policy, where both teachers and school leaders exchange feedback.Successful teachers are encouraged to step up into leadership roles. As a rapidly growing organization, we are always looking to promote from within, and we provide ample training and support to ensure the next generation of Zeta leaders are well equipped for the task. We provide a competitive compensation and benefits package that places a premium on the needs of you and your family. Zeta also provides top-of-the-line technology and classroom resources.Bring your whole selfWe want team members who are passionate about our mission, vision, and core values. You will make a tremendous team member at Zeta if you bring a mindset of growth, flexibility, and openness to feedback. You are hungry and determined to not only meet your goals, but surpass them at all costs. You are highly skilled at effectively communicating with your team members, both in good times and bad. You are humble, willing to put the team’s needs ahead of your own, and committed to contributing to a collaborative work environment. You want to have a voice in how we transform the landscape of education.We want lifelong learners who live with child-like joy and passion. At Zeta, we need you to bring your passion for learning, disrupting the status quo, and tackling problems with creative solutions.For our chess teaching positions, we are in search of candidates with a previous track record of excellence in both the practice of and the teaching of art.Apply NowZeta operates four schools in the Bronx and upper Manhattan. We have ambitious growth plans because the educational crisis is massive and requires big solutions. We plan to continue opening two schools each year. Join our growing team today, and change the landscape of public education in New York City. If you can’t wait to get started, apply now!We are hiring now for teachers who can start for the following school year (2021-2022).Equity is at the heart of our mission. We have a deep commitment to pursuing diversity and striving for equity. Zeta is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Work authorization is required (candidate must have permanent authorization to work in the U.S.).Apply for this Job* RequiredFirst Name *Last Name *Email *Phone *Resume/CV *Drop files hereAttach Dropbox Google Drive PasteCover LetterDrop files hereAttach Dropbox Google Drive PasteWhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review+ Add Another EducationWhat was your undergraduate GPA? *Answer must be a number.What is your desired salary? *What stage of New York State teacher certification are you on? *Please selectNot NYS Certified Certified in Different State Trans-B Initial ProfessionalIf you have an online portfolio available, please share the link to that here.LinkedIn ProfileIf you know a current Zeta staff member, Zeta family (or currently are a Zeta family member), or Zeta board member, please list their name(s) below.What is your ideal start date?If you are flexible with your start date, feel free to indicate that.U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)Individuals seeking employment at Zeta Charter Schools are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self IdentifyAre you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self IdentifyPlease identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self IdentifyRace & Ethnicity DefinitionsIf you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answerForm CC-305OMB Control Number 1250-0005Expires 05/31/2023Voluntary Self-Identification of DisabilityWhy are you being asked to complete this form?We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years.Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.How do you know if you have a disability?You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.Disabilities include, but are not limited to:AutismAutoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDSBlind or low visionCancerCardiovascular or heart diseaseCeliac diseaseCerebral palsyDeaf or hard of hearingDepression or anxietyDiabetesEpilepsyGastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndromeIntellectual disabilityMissing limbs or partially missing limbsNervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS)Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depressionDisability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.School *Degree * High School Associate's Degree Bachelor's Degree Master's Degree Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Juris Doctor (J.D.) Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Engineer's Degree OtherDiscipline Accounting African Studies Agriculture Anthropology Applied Health Services Architecture Art Asian Studies Biology Business Business Administration Chemistry Classical Languages Communications & Film Computer Science Dentistry Developing Nations Discipline Unknown Earth Sciences Economics Education Electronics Engineering English Studies Environmental Studies European Studies Fashion Finance Fine Arts General Studies Health Services History Human Resources Management Humanities Industrial Arts & Carpentry Information Systems International Relations Journalism Languages Latin American Studies Law Linguistics Manufacturing & Mechanics Mathematics Medicine Middle Eastern Studies Naval Science North American Studies Nuclear Technics Operations Research & Strategy Organizational Theory Philosophy Physical Education Physical Sciences Physics Political Science Psychology Public Policy Public Service Religious Studies Russian & Soviet Studies Scandinavian Studies Science Slavic Studies Social Science Social Sciences Sociology Speech Statistics & Decision Theory Urban Studies Veterinary Medicine OtherStart DateEnd DatePowered byRead our Privacy Policy"
