"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesHealth Care 37 Defense 4 Information Technology (IT) 4 Business Development 3 Engineering 3 Marketing 3Sales 3 Science 3 Business 2 Manufacturing 2 Professional Services 2 Energy 1 Environment 1 Agriculture 1 Administration 1 Consultant 1 Design 1 Entry Level 1 Government 1 Real Estate 1MoreRefine by StateWisconsin 6 California 4 Illinois 3 Michigan 3 New York 3 Pennsylvania 3Florida 2 Minnesota 2 Mississippi 2 North Carolina 2 Oregon 2 Texas 2 Colorado 1 Georgia 1 Iowa 1 Kansas 1 Kentucky 1 Louisiana 1 New Jersey 1 Ohio 1MoreFull-Time $100,000 - $150,00046 jobs foundJan 22, 2021Director of Business Development-Fredericksburg, VA Featured$80,000 - $100,000 yearlyJob Description GENERAL SUMMARY : This is an incredibly exciting time to be a part of the VEG team which is a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business. Veterans Environmental Group (VEG) is growing our federal and environment portfolios as we expand our footprint in these thriving markets. As we move into the years ahead, we will continue to serve as a trusted agent to the US Military and other federal clients in providing innovative, evidence-driven solutions that contribute to sustaining military training, a healthier environment and the health and safety of individuals. Our goal is to be the leaders in providing a quality, sustainable natural environment as a critical training asset upon which to accomplish the military training mission. Simply put, we maintain the outdoor classroom. This is accomplished by understanding and complying with Federal and State laws and DoD regulations that pertain to each installation’s environmental program and professionally managing...Tuttle Creek Management, LLC Fredericksburg, VA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021DevOps Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $150,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/758D1ov7CN/Devops-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. Carnegie Robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Embedded Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $165,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: http://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Automation Test Engineer$100,000 - $120,000 yearlyBalance Staffing is currently hiring for an Automation Test Engineer to join one of our electric power distribution clients in Franklin, WI. This individual will be part of the QA Automation Test Engineering group, the ideal candidate will have the primary responsibilities for specifying, designing, building, programming, verification & validation testing, commissioning, deployment, and technical support for automated test systems used in Production Operations and Contract Manufacturers. Please review the job requirements below, email us your updated resume, and we will contact you at our earliest convenience.Balance Staffing Milwaukee, WI, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Associate Dentist Laurel, MS$65.00 - $120.00 hourlyLaurel, MS: Our newly remodeled practice located in downtown Laurel is looking for a FT dentist that is interested in a long-term associateship or a buy in opportunity in the future. Our practice, along with our parent company, offers training, mentorship, wealth building, and offers many other tools to allow growth for a dental practice through a community of dentists as we grow together. At its core, our practice is a small, home town practice where our team knows the patients names and their families names when they walk through the door. The practice is located on a busy street just a mile away from popular downtown Laurel where the HGTV show \"Home Town\" is filmed. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD.To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Laurel, MS, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Associate Dentist Leading to Partnersip Lufkin, TX$65.00 - $120.00 hourlyLufkin, TX: Looking for an eager highly motivated associate dentist who would like to become a partner to lessen the day to day demands and to handle the overflow of excess patients. My goal is to slow down the next 5-10 yrs, so I would be capable to boost a future associates workload, while they build their own patient base. There is room for advanced dentistry like implant placement, periodontal surgeries, orthodontics, pediatrics and limited oral surgery. Our patients travel from out of town/state to utilize our services and our office is very high tech and utilizes up to date equipment. We take most insurances, but are not in network with any, and do not take medicaid. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD.To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Lufkin, TX, USA Full-TimeJan 06, 2021AI Product Manager$75,000 - $110,000 yearlyAgileDD is a rapidly growing AI startup with customers in defense, mining and oil and gas sectors. AI Product Manager will be responsible for the product lifecycle from strategy to evaluation for our core AI technology. The ideal candidate will have software product management or project management experience and is excited to work in a diverse and dynamic startup role. Experience in either working directly with the US Department of Defense or indirectly in the defense sector in technical sales or product development is preferred. Responsibilities Be the liaison between the customer, sales and development teams Work cross-functionally to complete product roadmaps and discover new opportunities Create business models and analyze competitive landscape Advise cross-functional teams to help them achieve individual & team objectives Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent 3+ years of experience in Product Management, Project Management,...Agile Data Decisions LLC Houston, TX, USA (Partially remote) Full-TimeJan 05, 2021Birmingham Principal Shopping District Executive Director$86,985 - $111,109 yearlyUnder the general supervision of the Principal Shopping District (PSD) Board, plans, organizes, coordinates and directs programs and activities designed to promote and foster downtown Birmingham as a center for business, social, cultural, and community activity. Work functions are shared between oversight of internal operations and administration of external promotion and business attraction initiatives. The Executive Director provides administrative and managerial support for the PSD Board and its Committees, and is responsible for implementing Board policies and directives. The Executive Director represents the Board with respect to individual retailers, commercial property owners, business owners, local and regional officials, and civic and community organizations. This is a professional position; the Executive Director will report to the PSD Board and will serve at the will of the Board. Minimum Qualifications Must possess a B.A or B.S, or its equivalent,...City of Birmingham, Michigan Birmingham, MI 48009, USA Full-TimeDec 31, 2020Associate Dentist Pleasantville, NJ Leading to Buy IN$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyPleasantville, NJ: Looking for a FT Associate to join our busy team leading to Buy-In Opportunity for the right fit. The practice is committed to having one of the most technologically sophisticated practices in southern New Jersey. Outstanding service happens when there’s a cohesive and committed team. Most team members have been with the practice for over 15 years and have created an environment that’s warm, welcoming and stress-free. Our South Jersey office is in Pleasantville, New Jersey and no more than 20 minutes away from the Absecon Island cities of Margate, Ventnor, Longport, Brigantine and Atlantic City and the Mainland communities of Somers Point, Linwood, Northfield and Egg Harbor Township. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Pleasantville, NJ, USA Full-TimeDec 11, 2020Associate Dentist Grand Junction, CO$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyGrand Junction, CO: GP practice located in W. CO that focuses on treating young adults, teens and children. We are looking for a FT Associate who is capable, hard-working and ready to become a member of a top-notch team. We provide our associates a full schedule from the beginning. No patient base building! Our compensation package will have you earning well above average from day one and includes health care and CE expenses. With two locations days are fast, fun and always interesting and our highly trained team will be there to support you every step of the way. Not to mention you will be living in one of the greatest places on earth. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Grand Junction, CO, USA Full-TimeNov 10, 2020Customer Experience Specialist$26,000 - $130,000 yearlyAre you seeking an exciting role and a new career with growth opportunities? We are a small veteran owned and operated company who loves our customers and technology. Fidelitech Solutions is expanding the team and looking for an exceptional person who loves technology. The Customer Experience Specialist will work closely with other team members and will be responsible for service and product sales revenue growth and maintenance. Core responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, direct and in-direct sales engagement activities, webinar scheduling and management, customer experience and sales strategy management. What will you do? Cultivate strong relationships with existing and new customers through sales engagement activities Identify and manage new and existing opportunities through the sales funnel Engage and grow existing customer relationships by becoming their go-to for resources, information, and technical routing to relevant resources Continually...Fidelitech Solutions Inc. 2130 South 3140 West, Suite A, Salt Lake City, Utah 84119 Full-TimeNov 02, 2020Associate Dentist Fremont, OH$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyFremont, OH: We are looking for a FT Associate Dentist to hire as an employee to help with the large patient base and tremendous work load that we have established. A buy in process would certainly be considered in the future for the right candidate. We provide preventive, restorative, cosmetic, root canal therapy, Crown & Bridge and TMJ. New Associate will be busy from day one. We are a fee for service practice and Delta Dental Premier is the only PPO. Adec equipment in all rooms, Cerec Primescan and milling unit, Multiple monitors with intraoral cameras, and Digital x-rays. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Fremont, OH, USA Full-TimeOct 22, 2020General Dentist Novato, CA$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyElite general practice that has a long-standing reputation for quality care, exceptional relationships and always on the cutting edge of technology in dental health is seeking the right Associate to join their successful team leading to a buy-in opportunity. This is a rare and unique opportunity as our associate of almost 6 years is leaving our practice to return to his childhood home. He is leaving a patient base of over 1300 patients....and growing. We have a staff centric culture with the belief that only when our entire team has a core value to support each other, can we then best support our patients. Marin County is considered by most to be one of the best areas of the world....close to SF, wine country and amazing local wilderness. Ideal candidate will have 2 + yrs dental experience in the U.S. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner...Patterson Connect Novato, CA, USA Full-TimeOct 14, 2020General Dentist Tinley Park, IL$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyTinley Park, IL: Family owned, well established Dental Practice, is seeking an Associate Dentist to join our team. Associate would potentially be working Mon, Tue & Fridays, with the potential to pick up some additional Saturdays as well. Providing routine care as well as additional cosmetic procedures. We provide general dentistry and CEREC dentistry at affordable rates. We also offer financing to make our treatments even more accessible to our patients. Our highly trained staff prides itself on its excellent customer service providing personalized gentle care in a comfortable environment. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Tinley Park, IL, USA Full-TimeOct 14, 2020General Dentist Eau Claire, WI$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyEau Claire, WI: Our practice is seeking a full time, motivated, and goal oriented Dentist to add to our team. With our newly renovated 9,000 square foot, 23 chair, state of the art 2020 Aidec facility; this position presents an incredible opportunity for a professional to grow in a progressive atmosphere lead by the area’s top producing dentists. Currently at 4 dentists, Menomonie Street Dental has grown its patient base to just over 7,700. Recently voted 2020's #1 Dental Clinic the Chippewa Valley, we look to continue our long lasting history of excellent care and patient experience. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Eau Claire, WI, USA Full-TimeSep 22, 2020Dentist Rochester, MN$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyRochester, MN: Well established dental practice with room for growth is seeking a FT associate dentist to join our successful team. Located in a beautiful registered historical building that we will be expanding in 2021 from 4 to 7 operatories. Long term staff, great moral, large active patient base that is accepting of treatment needed. Continued education is a large focus for our organization. We believe in teamwork and building relationships so that we can be stronger together. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Rochester, MN, USA Full-TimeSep 21, 2020Business Broker Trainee$12,000 - $150,000 yearlyWe are expanding and seeking driven, entrepreneurial and capable sales professionals to join our brokerage sales team. We sell businesses such as medical practices, manufacturing companies and moving companies. Our brokers are home-based and work normal business hours. Trainee will work together with a seasoned broker and split fees until trainee becomes a broker. Trainee will receive a small draw for the first 3 months. Please visit our website for more information. Thank youPacific Reliance Business Brokers Remote (Orange County, CA, USA) Full-TimeSep 10, 2020Associate Dentist Shreveport, LA LA13723$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyShreveport, LA: Our practice is growing and we are seeking a long-term Full-Time Dentist to join our team. We are interested in meeting with all experience levels; open to mentoring new graduates or working with experienced doctors. This position requires clinical work in only one location. Base Salary + Commission Health benefits and 401k options. For over 10 years, our established Shreveport, North Bossier & South Bossier offices have provided complete dental care for the whole family. We are confident that our office can provide you with continual growth that welcomes opportunity both professionally and personally. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice owner directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected]Patterson Connect Shreveport, LA, USA Full-TimeSep 10, 2020Associate Dentist Lawrenceville, GA GA07591$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyLawrenceville, GA (Atlanta Suburb) 30 miles NE of downtown Atlanta. Our large, private practice is in a place of growth, and we are looking a for full-time Associate to come join our team. We are searching for a doctor who wants an incredible opportunity for a solid schedule, supported by an excellent team of experienced doctors and staff. We ideally need associates comfortable with a wide range of procedures: molar root canals, extractions, implant restorations, & removable. Our practice services a highly populated area northeast of Atlanta. We are in-network with multiple PPO plans, but we do not accept HMO/DMO, Medicaid or Medicare. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice directly please visit www.pattersonconnect.com or email resume to [email protected] .Patterson Connect Lawrenceville, GA, USA Full-TimeSep 10, 2020Associate Dentist Arcata, CA (N. CA) CA13806$65.00 - $100.00 hourlyArcata, CA : Our well established, state of the art, modern practice is seeking a Full Time associate dentist to join our busy team. Our practice is currently serving Arcata, Eureka and all of central and western Humboldt County. New associate will be able to take over an established schedule and work with a practice owner who has a passion for providing top quality customer service and strives for continuous improvement. Currently seeing a mix of PPO and cash patients. Willing to mentor a new grad or bring on an experienced dentist. Excellent income potential based on percent of adjusted production with a guaranteed minimum (three months). Ideal candidate will possess excellent communication skills and proficiency or interest in developing proficiency in molar endo and surgical extractions. Associate must be able to provide all aspects of General Dentistry and be a licensed DDS or DMD. To view this practice in more detail and begin messaging with the practice directly please...Patterson Connect Arcata, CA, USA Full-TimeLoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
