"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs14 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBanking Consultant Construction Executive Legal Customer ServiceRefine by CategoriesNonprofit-Social Services (7) Skilled Labor (7) Installation-Maint-Repair (6) Hospitality (5) Admin-Clerical (4) Management (4)Accounting (3) Other (3) Sales (3) Entry Level (2) Facilities (2) General Labor (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Business Development (1) Education (1) Finance (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (13) Part time (1)Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (5) $75,000 - $100,000 (2)Email me jobs like thisTurf Chemical ApplicatorMountainScapes, IncMountainScapes, Inc. a 30+ year old landscape company, is currently seeking an experienced Landscape Chemical Applicator. The ideal candidate will possess a current Wyoming Pesticide Applicators License. or be in position to pass the certification exam. Minimum of (3) years Landscape industry experience Professional/Positive attitude with strong work ethic Ability to multi-task and prioritize daily responsibilities Able to work with minimal direct supervision and to solve problems independently Must have valid driver's license Overtime available Bilingual (Spanish) a plusJan 19, 2021Full timeMountainScapes, Inc. a 30+ year old landscape company, is currently seeking an experienced Landscape Chemical Applicator. The ideal candidate will possess a current Wyoming Pesticide Applicators License. or be in position to pass the certification exam. Minimum of (3) years Landscape industry experience Professional/Positive attitude with strong work ethic Ability to multi-task and prioritize daily responsibilities Able to work with minimal direct supervision and to solve problems independently Must have valid driver's license Overtime available Bilingual (Spanish) a plusSuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Customer Service/Sales RepresentativeHertz - Overland West Inc Jackson Hole Airport - Hertz Car RentalHertz Rent a Car at the Jackson Hole Airport is hiring a Customer Service/Sales Representative. We are looking for someone with great customer service skills who will bring a positive, can-do attitude to the workplace. Base pay is $14/hour plus generous commissions. After commissions, one could reasonably expect to earn over $20 an hour . Insurance and vacation benefits apply. Currently we are primarily looking to fill PM and weekend shifts. Customer service/sales experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must have a clean driving record and be able to pass a background check. Please email, call, or apply in person at the Hertz counter inside the Jackson Hole Airport. Ask for Jeremy, Tamara or Angelina. Tel. 733-2272. Email: [email protected]Jan 18, 2021Full timeHertz Rent a Car at the Jackson Hole Airport is hiring a Customer Service/Sales Representative. We are looking for someone with great customer service skills who will bring a positive, can-do attitude to the workplace. Base pay is $14/hour plus generous commissions. After commissions, one could reasonably expect to earn over $20 an hour . Insurance and vacation benefits apply. Currently we are primarily looking to fill PM and weekend shifts. Customer service/sales experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must have a clean driving record and be able to pass a background check. Please email, call, or apply in person at the Hertz counter inside the Jackson Hole Airport. Ask for Jeremy, Tamara or Angelina. Tel. 733-2272. Email: [email protected]Caretaking InspectorThe Clear Creek Group Jackson, WY, USAProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Jan 13, 2021Full timeProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Project Manager/Site SuperintendentBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Jan 12, 2021Full timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 10, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Hiring Carpenters$28.00 - $38.00 hourlyWest Fork Construction Jackson, WY, USAInteriors Construction Company Hiring; Experienced Carpenters Inside work, competitive wages, overtime available, earned PTO. Contact: [email protected]Jan 10, 2021Full timeInteriors Construction Company Hiring; Experienced Carpenters Inside work, competitive wages, overtime available, earned PTO. Contact: [email protected]Experienced Carpenters & Labor StaffBell Construction, LLC Jackson, WY, USABell Construction is seeking experienced carpenters and skilled laborers for custom residential construction in Jackson Hole and the surrounding area. Applicants should have a minimum of 3 years experience, with trim carpentry skills highly preferred. Full time, year round work. Must speak fluent English, have reliable transportation and basic hand tools. Competitive pay based on experience, paid holidays and vacation, company matched IRA. Company paid ST/LT Disability, Life Insurance and Dental Insurance provided after 90 days. Please see website or contact us for further details. https://bellconstructionjh.com/employment-opportunities/ Email resume to [email protected] or Call (307) 413-1918 to apply.Jan 10, 2021Full timeBell Construction is seeking experienced carpenters and skilled laborers for custom residential construction in Jackson Hole and the surrounding area. Applicants should have a minimum of 3 years experience, with trim carpentry skills highly preferred. Full time, year round work. Must speak fluent English, have reliable transportation and basic hand tools. Competitive pay based on experience, paid holidays and vacation, company matched IRA. Company paid ST/LT Disability, Life Insurance and Dental Insurance provided after 90 days. Please see website or contact us for further details. https://bellconstructionjh.com/employment-opportunities/ Email resume to [email protected] or Call (307) 413-1918 to apply.BaristaCaldera HouseSouthcable Cafe is Caldera House’s most relaxed and casual food venue. Open for breakfast and lunch, Southcable is the perfect spot to fuel up before or during an active day in town. Its location right next to the Jackson Hole Aerial Tram makes it undeniably convenient for days spent on the slopes. We are looking for passionate individuals with Barista experience to join our team! Essential Job Functions Greeting customers in a friendly manner and taking food and drink orders Preparing and serving beverages, ranging from simple to elaborate ones Preparing and serving food items such as soups, pizza and pastries Answering customers' questions about menu choices Promoting and recommending menu options to customers Taking payment from customers Keeping the work environment sanitary and organized Evaluating and modifying processes to improve efficiency and quality of service Required Skills & Abilities Operate coffee making equipment Ability to...Jan 08, 2021Part timeSouthcable Cafe is Caldera House’s most relaxed and casual food venue. Open for breakfast and lunch, Southcable is the perfect spot to fuel up before or during an active day in town. Its location right next to the Jackson Hole Aerial Tram makes it undeniably convenient for days spent on the slopes. We are looking for passionate individuals with Barista experience to join our team! Essential Job Functions Greeting customers in a friendly manner and taking food and drink orders Preparing and serving beverages, ranging from simple to elaborate ones Preparing and serving food items such as soups, pizza and pastries Answering customers' questions about menu choices Promoting and recommending menu options to customers Taking payment from customers Keeping the work environment sanitary and organized Evaluating and modifying processes to improve efficiency and quality of service Required Skills & Abilities Operate coffee making equipment Ability to...Executive DirectorWyoming Untrapped Remote (Teton County, WY, USA Preferred)Wyoming Untrapped Seeks Executive Director WYOMING UNTRAPPED PROMOTES TRAPPING REFORM THROUGH EDUCATION AND ADVOCACY FOR WYOMING'S PEOPLE, PETS, AND WILDLIFE. Wyoming Untrapped (WU) is a nonprofit organization launched in response to domestic dog-trapping incidents in our community. WU is an informal, grass-roots organization committed to promoting peaceful coexistence on the Wyoming landscape. WU is proud to have a history of persistent, professional, and respectful advocacy work. Over the years WU has been effective, and so the grateful recipient of significant community support. The board seeks a full-time executive director after significantly increased activity in Wyoming trapping reform and a dramatic increase in public land use. in 2020. The executive director reports to the Wyoming Untrapped board of directors. The executive director is responsible for the oversight of organizational operations, including advocacy, fundraising, public outreach, and...Jan 07, 2021Full timeWyoming Untrapped Seeks Executive Director WYOMING UNTRAPPED PROMOTES TRAPPING REFORM THROUGH EDUCATION AND ADVOCACY FOR WYOMING'S PEOPLE, PETS, AND WILDLIFE. Wyoming Untrapped (WU) is a nonprofit organization launched in response to domestic dog-trapping incidents in our community. WU is an informal, grass-roots organization committed to promoting peaceful coexistence on the Wyoming landscape. WU is proud to have a history of persistent, professional, and respectful advocacy work. Over the years WU has been effective, and so the grateful recipient of significant community support. The board seeks a full-time executive director after significantly increased activity in Wyoming trapping reform and a dramatic increase in public land use. in 2020. The executive director reports to the Wyoming Untrapped board of directors. The executive director is responsible for the oversight of organizational operations, including advocacy, fundraising, public outreach, and...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 06, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate$40,000 - $50,000 yearlyVertical HarvestJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Jan 05, 2021Full timeJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Experienced Carpenters$28.00 - $40.00 hourlyJH BuildersJH Builders is an established General Contractor priding ourselves in quality craftmanship and lasting relationships with our clients. We are seeking experienced carpenters to join our team. JH Builders offers a starting bonus, excellent pay as well as medical/dental benefits. Email resume to [email protected] call the office at 307-734-5245Dec 28, 2020Full timeJH Builders is an established General Contractor priding ourselves in quality craftmanship and lasting relationships with our clients. We are seeking experienced carpenters to join our team. JH Builders offers a starting bonus, excellent pay as well as medical/dental benefits. Email resume to [email protected] call the office at 307-734-5245Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
