"Blockchain Technology in IndustryEnterpriseInformation SystemsSpecial Issue:Blockchain Technology in Industry 4.0About the issueIndustrie 4.0 was initially introduced during the Hannover Fair in 2011. In 2013, it was officially announced as a German strategic initiative to take a pioneering role in industries which are currently revolutionizing the manufacturing sector. Industrie 4.0 is also called Industry 4.0 which symbolizes the beginning of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Industry 4.0 represents the current trend of automation technologies in the manufacturing industry, and it mainly includes enabling technologies such as the cyber-physical systems (CPS), Internet of Things (IoT), and cloud computing.Various technologies can be used for implementing Industry 4.0. These technologies include CPS, IoT, cloud computing, industrial information integration, as well as blockchain technology.​World Economic Forum predicts that by 2027 10% of global GDP will be stored on blockchain technology. In recent years, the interest to study the role to be played by blockchain in the manufacturing sector has been increasing. Some companies have started integrating blockchain concept into manufacturing practices. Potential applications of blockchain in Industry 4.0 include promoting resilience, scalability, security and autonomy, as well as the usage of blockchain to timestamp sensor data.​According to recent study, Industry 4.0 will have a large impact on future Enterprise Information Systems. Enterprise Information Systems journal will publish a special issue dedicated to the topic of “Blockchain in Industry 4.0”. The purpose of this special issue is to provide researchers and practitioners an opportunity to share the most recent advances in the area of Industry 4.0 related blockchain technologies from the perspectives of enterprise information systems research.Papers should present enterprise information systems approaches to blockchain technologies in Industry 4.0. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:​Blockchain technologiesBlockchain driven digitalizationBlockchain and smart contractBlockchain technologies in Industry 4.0Blockchain and its impacts on supply chain managementBlockchain as a “whole” in an enterprise information systems perspectiveWe would welcome original contributions on significant research findings, reflecting advanced technological research and applications in the field, and state-of-the-art survey papers and reviews on future directions of blockchain in Industry 4.0. Each paper will be thoroughly reviewed by at least two qualified expert reviewers.Guest editors:Dr. Ling Li (Old Dominion University, USA)Dr. Amin Toja (Vienna University of Technology, Austria)Dr. Maria Raffai (Széchenyi István University, Hungary)Dr. Petr Doucek (University of Economics Prague, Czech Republic)Yale Yu (InfoSys, Australia)Enterprise Information Systems is a high-ranking research journal. The journal is abstracted or indexed in Science Citation Index Expanded, Current Contents/Engineering and other major sources. Further information regarding the journal can be found on the journal web site.Submission instructionsOriginal papers describing completed and unpublished work not currently under review by any other journal/magazine/conference/workshop are solicited. Previously published conference/ symposia/ workshop papers or technical reports MUST be clearly clarified by the authors (at the submission stage) and an explanation should be provided how such papers have been extended to be considered for this special issue.Prospective authors should submit via the submission site of Enterprise Information Systems. Submitting authors must answer ‘Yes’ to a question of “Is this submission for a special issue?” and then select “Blockchain Technology in Industry 4.0” from the drop-down menu.Principle Guest Editor (Editorial Contact): Ling Li, Old Dominion University, USA (lli8888@hotmail.com)Co-Editors: Amin Tjoa, Maria Raffai, Petr Doucek, Yale YuSubmissions Due: August 31, 2021Initial Acceptance Notification: October 31, 2021Final/revised Manuscript Due: January 31, 2022-"
