"NCBA CLUSA Strategic Planner Volunteer | SmartRecruitersStrategic Planner VolunteerManta, EcuadorContractCompany DescriptionThe National Cooperative Business Association CLUSA International (NCBA CLUSA) is the trade association for cooperative businesses in the United States and an international development organization. NCBA CLUSA provides cross-sector education, technical assistance, and advocacy that helps co-ops thrive. For nearly 100 years, NCBA CLUSA has sought to advance and protect cooperative enterprises, highlighting the impact that cooperatives have in bettering the lives of individuals and families. In the last 60 years, NCBA CLUSA has worked in over 100 countries in the areas of food security, agricultural development, strengthening of communities and farmer organizations, community-based health, natural resources management, and empowerment of smallholder farmers, women, and youth. We currently work in 21 countries in Africa, Latin America, and Asia.Job DescriptionNCBA CLUSA’s USAID-funded Farmer-to-Farmer program sends American farmers and agribusiness professionals on 2-4 week agricultural development assignments, promoting sustainable growth and agricultural development worldwide. Volunteer technical assistance from U.S. farmers, agribusinesses, cooperatives and universities helps smallholder farmers in developing countries improve productivity, access new markets and conserve environmental and natural resources. During COVID-19 we have shifted to a hybrid volunteer model that affords US volunteers and in-country volunteers the opportunity to continue to provide technical assistance. For more information visit NCBA CLUSA Farmer-to-Farmer.NCBA CLUSA is currently seeking a qualified Farmer-to-Farmer U.S. volunteer candidate for the position of Strategic Planner to support Asociación Nacional de Exportadores de Café del Ecuador (National Association of Coffee Exporters of Ecuador also known as ANECAFE), based in Manta, Ecuador.ANECAFE was founded in May 1983 and is the oldest coffee trade union entity in Ecuador. They strive to lead Ecuador's coffee exporting sector in a sustainable way, as well as promote production increase, support the improvement of existing coffee production and achieve national and international recognition. In order to prepare them for these goals they need guidance in developing a strategic plan with SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) analysis framework. By the end of this assignment participants will have a better understanding of the value of coffee trade and exports internationally through improvements in policy, business strategy, inclusion, generational replacement, identification of needs on capacity development, and market access.Duration: 2 weeks, August- September 2020 (Due to the global impact of COVID-19, Farmer-to-Farmer volunteer assignments are tentatively scheduled to restart summer 2020)ESSENTIAL AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY:Survey the board of directors, members, and staff to find out what their vision is for the association. Based on those findings provide guidance and define short- and long-term goals.Review existing documentation; Mission and Vision Statements, etc. to create a Strategic Plan that will include SWOT analysis, export, and trade strategies within the coffee value chain.Research, plan and create a detailed strategic plan that would serve as a living document based on the history and vision of the association.QualificationsA minimum of a bachelor’s in Business or a related fieldPast works should demonstrate the ability to; developing strategic plans, create policies, gain market access and execute export proceduresExperience in coffee value chains, sustainability initiatives, coffee quality improvement and retail are highly desirableAvailable for virtual communications with Host Organization, Staff and Co-volunteerUS candidate must be legally able to work in the U.S. without sponsorshipAdvanced English language skills; reading, writing, speaking.All application materials must be submitted in English.Additional InformationOnly candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls, please.NCBA CLUSA is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, age, and legally protected characteristics for non-merit factors.Sorry, this job has expiredSorry, this job has expiredshare this jobPowered by(Data Processor)Privacy Policy and Terms of UseShare to WeChat×Copy the link and open WeChat to share.Copy to clipboardOpen WeChatShare to WeChat×Use Scan QR Code in WeChat and click ··· to share.Manta, EcuadorContract"
