"Licensed Practical Nurse in Pittsburgh, PA - UPMCCOVID-19 PrecautionsAt UPMC, we are committed to keeping our community safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds. As our team continues to provide Life Changing Medicine to our patients, our recruiters will continue to fill positions throughout this time. Interviews and other processes may be modified to protect the safety of our candidates and employees. Thank you for your patience.For more information about UPMC's response to COVID-19, please visit upmc.com/coronavirus.Career PathwaysNursing Allied Health Professionals Physicians Advanced Practice Providers Professional & Admin Service Workers StudentsConnect With UsWorking HereCommunityMy AccountSearch Our JobsSearchThis job posting is no longer active.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyLicensed Practical NurseJob ID: 35600002Status: Part-TimeRegular/Temporary: RegularHours:Shift: RotatingFacility: UPMC Senior CommunitiesDepartment: Personal CareLocation: 9350 Babcock Blvd, Pittsburgh PA 15237Union Position: NoSalary Range: $19.21 to $26.64 / hourDescriptionJoin the team that’s providing the highest quality of care to seniors in our communities. With state-of-the-art safety protocols and the support of an academic medical center, UPMC Senior Communities has demonstrated a continued commitment to keeping both our residents and our employees safe and healthy, especially throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.Make a true impact at our senior living facilities, where you’ll have the confidence that your care is clinically backed by a best-in-class health care system and the rewarding knowledge that you are changing lives every day.Cumberland Crossing Manor is hiring a LPN to work part time, various shifts.Learn more about working as an LPN with UPMC Senior Communities!http://mycareer.upmc.com/from-patients-to-family-why-your-community-needs-lpns-like-you/Purpose:Under direction of a registered nurse, provide routine patient care within the scope of the Practical Nurse Act of Pennsylvania.Responsibilities:Assure equipment malfunctions are reported to the appropriate department. Establish appropriate and effective communication strategies. Establish professional and respectful interpersonal relationships. Participate in health care conferences. Contribute to the universal unit activities including, but not limited to, responding to call lights and telephones, passing meal trays and transporting patients.Assist the RN and interdisciplinary team in evaluating, planning, and implementing plans of care. Provide appropriate, direct patient care. Give injections, take vital signs, perform basic diagnostic tests, observe patients, dress wounds and administer medication. Comply with established medication use policies. Observe and record patient's symptoms, condition, and/or reactions to medications and treatments and report results to the RN in charge. Communicate effectively with patients and families about hospital stay and home care concerns. Instruct and demonstrate care. Discuss any patient or family concerns with RN in charge so that issue can be appropriately addressed. Perform assigned work in a timely and productive manner. Strictly adhere to all policies and practices relative to patient care and hospital-related information. Comply with safety policies and procedures including standard precautions.Maintain current CPR certification at Health Care Provider level. Constructively receive feedback and direction. Identify and communicate learning needs to the unit director. Take action to improve knowledge, skills and performance based on feedback or on self-identified developmental needs. Serve as a resource for staff and other disciplines. Serve as a preceptor for new staff members. Request assistance and reviews relevant policies and procedures prior to performing new or challenging skills. Request assistance to help in planning and prioritizing activities as needed. Participate in self-review as requested by unit director. Participate in project and committee work.Suggest and support changes within the department. Assume responsibility for assignment and view problems as challenges. Demonstrate awareness of behavior on the efficient functioning of the department.QualificationsCompletion of a Practical Nursing Program approved by the State Board of Nursing. Excellent communication skills necessary to effectively interact with patients, family members, visitors and staff members. Basic computer skills necessary to input patient care orders and medical record documentation.Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:Assure equipment malfunctions are reported to the appropriate department. Establish appropriate and effective communication strategies. Establish professional and respectful interpersonal relationships. Participate in health care conferences. Contribute to the universal unit activities including, but not limited to, responding to call lights and telephones, passing meal trays and transporting patients.Basic Life Support (BLS) OR Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR)Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)Act 34OAPSAUPMC is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Females/Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesTotal RewardsMore than just competitive pay and benefits, UPMC’s Total Rewards package cares for you in all areas of life &emdash; because we believe that you’re at your best when receiving the support you need: professional, personal, financial, and more.Our ValuesAt UPMC, we’re driven by shared values that guide our work and keep us accountable to one another. Our Values of Quality & Safety, Dignity & Respect, Caring & Listening, Responsibility & Integrity, Excellence & Innovation play a vital role in creating a cohesive, positive experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. Ready to join us? Apply today.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyFollow UsCareersMy Account (External Candidates)Search JobsUPMC Careers Blogupmc.comUPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer | Contact us for Disability Accommodations | E-Verify | FAQsTalent NetworkJoin our Talent Network"
