"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.22 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent SearchColumbus jobsShift ManagerWendy's Columbus, OhioWhat you'll doMovin' on up... Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy's family - the people you work with as a Wendy's Shift Manager.The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they'd expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third!Some of the benefits of joining our fam as a Manager:Competitive pay and a potential for raises 2x a yearGenerous benefits: medical, dental, vision insurance, 401(k) and meal discountsFlexible schedules with paid vacation, personal and sick timePersonalized training and growth opportunitiesSound good? Keep reading.Making things happen is just one of your talents: If a Wendy's restaurant was a person, it'd be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon.Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ('cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon).You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too.You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point.What you bring to the table:At least one year of restaurant work experience.High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.)You've already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment.Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making.Giving and taking direction like a pro.Flexible work availability.You must be willing and able to:Travel to other Wendy's locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed.Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift.Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then.Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc.Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines.For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager.We get it. We get you.Our food isn't one size fits all and our job opportunities aren't either.We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.Wendy's is an equal employment opportunity employer who may provide reasonable accommodation to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.Jan 19, 2021Full timeWhat you'll doMovin' on up... Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy's family - the people you work with as a Wendy's Shift Manager.The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they'd expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third!Some of the benefits of joining our fam as a Manager:Competitive pay and a potential for raises 2x a yearGenerous benefits: medical, dental, vision insurance, 401(k) and meal discountsFlexible schedules with paid vacation, personal and sick timePersonalized training and growth opportunitiesSound good? Keep reading.Making things happen is just one of your talents: If a Wendy's restaurant was a person, it'd be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon.Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ('cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon).You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too.You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point.What you bring to the table:At least one year of restaurant work experience.High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.)You've already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment.Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making.Giving and taking direction like a pro.Flexible work availability.You must be willing and able to:Travel to other Wendy's locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed.Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift.Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then.Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc.Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines.For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager.We get it. We get you.Our food isn't one size fits all and our job opportunities aren't either.We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.Wendy's is an equal employment opportunity employer who may provide reasonable accommodation to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.Shift ManagerWendy's Company Columbus, OhioMovin' on up… Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy's family - the people you work with as a Wendy's Shift Manager. The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they'd expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third! Some of the benefits of joining our fam as a Manager: * Competitive pay and a potential for raises 2x a year * Generous benefits: medical, dental, vision insurance, 401(k) and meal discounts * Flexible schedules with paid vacation, personal and sick time * Personalized training and growth opportunities Sound good? Keep reading. Making things happen is just one of your talents: * If a Wendy's restaurant was a person, it'd be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon. * Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ('cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon). * You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too. * You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point. What you bring to the table: * At least one year of restaurant work experience. * High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.) * You've already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment. * Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making. * Giving and taking direction like a pro. * Flexible work availability. You must be willing and able to: * Travel to other Wendy's locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed. * Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift. * Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then. * Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc. * Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines. * For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager. We get it. We get you. Our food isn't one size fits all and our job opportunities aren't either. We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.Jan 18, 2021Full timeMovin' on up… Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy's family - the people you work with as a Wendy's Shift Manager. The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they'd expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third! Some of the benefits of joining our fam as a Manager: * Competitive pay and a potential for raises 2x a year * Generous benefits: medical, dental, vision insurance, 401(k) and meal discounts * Flexible schedules with paid vacation, personal and sick time * Personalized training and growth opportunities Sound good? Keep reading. Making things happen is just one of your talents: * If a Wendy's restaurant was a person, it'd be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon. * Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ('cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon). * You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too. * You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point. What you bring to the table: * At least one year of restaurant work experience. * High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.) * You've already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment. * Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making. * Giving and taking direction like a pro. * Flexible work availability. You must be willing and able to: * Travel to other Wendy's locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed. * Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift. * Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then. * Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc. * Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines. * For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager. We get it. We get you. Our food isn't one size fits all and our job opportunities aren't either. We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.Shift Manager- Wendy's RestaurantsWendy's Columbus, OhioMovin on up Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy s family - the people you work with as a Wendy s Shift Manager. The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they d expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third! Sound good? Keep reading. Making things happen is just one of your talents: If a Wendy s restaurant was a person, it d be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon. Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ( cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon). You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too. You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point. What you bring to the table: At least one year of restaurant work experience. High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.) You ve already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment. Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making. Giving and taking direction like a pro. Flexible work availability. You must be willing and able to: Travel to other Wendy s locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed. Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift. Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then. Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc. Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines. For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager. We get it. We get you. Our food isn t one size fits all and our job opportunities aren t either. We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Associated topics: backend, deli manager, food service supervisor, management, manager, restaurant general manager, restaurant manager, service manager, shift leader, store managerJan 17, 2021Full timeMovin on up Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy s family - the people you work with as a Wendy s Shift Manager. The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they d expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third! Sound good? Keep reading. Making things happen is just one of your talents: If a Wendy s restaurant was a person, it d be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon. Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ( cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon). You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too. You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point. What you bring to the table: At least one year of restaurant work experience. High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.) You ve already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment. Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making. Giving and taking direction like a pro. Flexible work availability. You must be willing and able to: Travel to other Wendy s locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed. Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift. Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then. Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc. Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines. For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager. We get it. We get you. Our food isn t one size fits all and our job opportunities aren t either. We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Associated topics: backend, deli manager, food service supervisor, management, manager, restaurant general manager, restaurant manager, service manager, shift leader, store managerShift ManagerWendy's Columbus, OhioMovin' on up… Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy's family - the people you work with as a Wendy's Shift Manager. The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they'd expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third! Sound good? Keep reading. Making things happen is just one of your talents: If a Wendy's restaurant was a person, it'd be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon. Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ('cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon). You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too. You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point. What you bring to the table: At least one year of restaurant work experience. High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.) You've already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment. Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making. Giving and taking direction like a pro. Flexible work availability. You must be willing and able to: Travel to other Wendy's locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed. Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift. Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then. Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc. Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines. For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager. We get it. We get you. Our food isn't one size fits all and our job opportunities aren't either. We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.Jan 17, 2021Full timeMovin' on up… Families come in all shapes and sizes. And that includes the Wendy's family - the people you work with as a Wendy's Shift Manager. The stuff you want - like fun people, quality food, and a paycheck - done. Our founder Dave Thomas had three rules for everyone who works here: Do the right thing. Treat people with respect. Make food better than they'd expect from a fast food place. No doubt you do the first two already. We can teach you the third! Sound good? Keep reading. Making things happen is just one of your talents: If a Wendy's restaurant was a person, it'd be you: fun, fast, friendly and never out of bacon. Whatever comes up with a customer - good or bad - you handle it like a boss ('cuz you wanna be a boss someday soon). You get how things work here, and make sure new team members know it, too. You make sure food safety standards and procedures are on point. What you bring to the table: At least one year of restaurant work experience. High school diploma or GED. (Some college or military experience? Tell us that, too.) You've already led, managed and organized a team in a fast-paced environment. Mad skills in problem solving, customer service and decision making. Giving and taking direction like a pro. Flexible work availability. You must be willing and able to: Travel to other Wendy's locations (restaurants, area office, etc.) as needed. Stand and move for most - if not all - of your shift. Lift up to 25-50 lbs. now and then. Handle weather-related moments like rain at the drive-thru, taking trash out in the summer, etc. Wear a headset, use other restaurant equipment such as a register or grill, and follow brand standards and guidelines. For more information on specific equipment or job requirements, please see the job description or talk to the hiring manager. We get it. We get you. Our food isn't one size fits all and our job opportunities aren't either. We are a proud equal opportunity employer - that means all races, religions, nationalities, genders and the LGBTQ+ community are welcome. We provide reasonable accommodations to enable people with disabilities to perform the essential functions of their jobs.Starbucks Barista at Macy's, Full Time: Easton Town CenterMacy's Columbus, OhioShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Barista sells and creates Starbucks coffee beverages following Starbucks standards providing exceptional customer service through product knowledge and Magic selling. Perform other duties as assigned. Macy's uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. Additionally, during key events and peak selling times, Macy's may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. Details on Macy's schedule options are available during the interview process. Essential Functions: Completes the Barista Certification Program. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks Clean, Safe and Ready standards and procedures. Follows Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling skills providing an exceptional customer experience. Educate, sample, and serve customers food and beverage products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Connects with customers to build relationships and seeks to exceed their expectations. Can identify problems, take action as appropriate and proactively communicates ideas for possible solutions to a manager. Understands importance of meeting store goals, while holding self- accountable for understanding business measures and store goals. Consistently uses operational tools and follows routines and procedures. Maintain personal hygiene and professional dress code to comply with company, Starbucks and Health Department standards. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. Previous restaurant/hospitality experience is preferred but not required. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills: Must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Jan 16, 2021Full timeShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Barista sells and creates Starbucks coffee beverages following Starbucks standards providing exceptional customer service through product knowledge and Magic selling. Perform other duties as assigned. Macy's uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. Additionally, during key events and peak selling times, Macy's may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. Details on Macy's schedule options are available during the interview process. Essential Functions: Completes the Barista Certification Program. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks Clean, Safe and Ready standards and procedures. Follows Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling skills providing an exceptional customer experience. Educate, sample, and serve customers food and beverage products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Connects with customers to build relationships and seeks to exceed their expectations. Can identify problems, take action as appropriate and proactively communicates ideas for possible solutions to a manager. Understands importance of meeting store goals, while holding self- accountable for understanding business measures and store goals. Consistently uses operational tools and follows routines and procedures. Maintain personal hygiene and professional dress code to comply with company, Starbucks and Health Department standards. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. Previous restaurant/hospitality experience is preferred but not required. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills: Must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .ServerCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, MississippiStore Location: US-MS-Columbus Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-MS-Columbus Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.HostCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, MississippiStore Location: US-MS-Columbus Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-MS-Columbus Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.ServerCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, OhioStore Location: US-OH-Columbus Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-OH-Columbus Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.ServerCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, GeorgiaStore Location: US-GA-Columbus Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-GA-Columbus Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.DishwasherCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, OhioStore Location: US-OH-Columbus Overview: As a kitchen team member, you'll keep the kitchen humming by stocking it up with the tools and dishes they need to create and plate our homemade favorites. After all, you know what they say - everything stops without clean plates and silverware. To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: In this role, you will work closely with both the kitchen and dining room teams to make sure that each guest has a spotless table to sit at while enjoying their meal on squeaky clean dishes. As a kitchen team member, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-OH-Columbus Overview: As a kitchen team member, you'll keep the kitchen humming by stocking it up with the tools and dishes they need to create and plate our homemade favorites. After all, you know what they say - everything stops without clean plates and silverware. To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: In this role, you will work closely with both the kitchen and dining room teams to make sure that each guest has a spotless table to sit at while enjoying their meal on squeaky clean dishes. As a kitchen team member, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.HostCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, GeorgiaStore Location: US-GA-Columbus Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-GA-Columbus Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.HostCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, OhioStore Location: US-OH-Columbus Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-OH-Columbus Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.DishwasherCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Columbus, GeorgiaStore Location: US-GA-Columbus Overview: As a kitchen team member, you'll keep the kitchen humming by stocking it up with the tools and dishes they need to create and plate our homemade favorites. After all, you know what they say - everything stops without clean plates and silverware. To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: In this role, you will work closely with both the kitchen and dining room teams to make sure that each guest has a spotless table to sit at while enjoying their meal on squeaky clean dishes. As a kitchen team member, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-GA-Columbus Overview: As a kitchen team member, you'll keep the kitchen humming by stocking it up with the tools and dishes they need to create and plate our homemade favorites. After all, you know what they say - everything stops without clean plates and silverware. To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: In this role, you will work closely with both the kitchen and dining room teams to make sure that each guest has a spotless table to sit at while enjoying their meal on squeaky clean dishes. As a kitchen team member, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Starbucks Supervisor, Full Time: Easton Town CenterMacy's Columbus, OhioShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Starbucks Supervisor is responsible for running an efficient, professional, safe and profitable Starbucks operation following all company standards. Perform other duties as assigned. Performs other duties as assigned. In a Flex (Flexible Work Team) position, while you won't have assigned shifts or guaranteed hours each week, you'll have maximum flexibility to earn money - and a generous employee discount - around your personal schedule. On key days or peak shopping times you will be assigned a shift. These assigned shifts are based on preferences that you set and update periodically during the year. Essential Functions: Completes Starbucks Advance Store Training (AST) Certification. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks clean, safe and ready standards and procedures. Demonstrate a positive role model for Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling providing an exceptional customer experience. Upholds quality standards and actively coaches others to deliver high-quality handcrafted coffee beverages and food products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Assist in preparation and production of all menu items. Coaches to achieve desired barista performance. Identify and use additional resources to measure how your store is delivering the customer experience, following Food Division standards and Best Practices. Role-model the Customer Service behaviors of Anticipate, Connect, Personalize and Own with customers. Accountable for sales, expenses, and bottom-line profits. Monitor food quality using Starbucks checklists. Support a strong working relationship with store management and Starbucks District Manager. Provide on-going training, feedback, coaching, and staff motivation to all associates to maximize team performance and satisfaction. Responsible for daily operations. Complete scheduling and weekly payroll to meet Starbucks standards, maximize associate productivity, labor cost control and customer satisfaction. Utilize forecasts, daily sales reports and weekly food cost and payroll reports to ensure monthly profit/loss goals are met. Responsible for ordering and receiving food, beverage, dry and paper goods based budget and needs of the business. Completes timely payment of invoices according to vendor contracts and Food Division Best Practices. Responsible for food inventories following Inventory Best Practices to ensure they are taken on a timely and accurate basis to ensure targeted food and beverage costs are maintained. Maintain role model standards in grooming, professional appearance and communications. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: Three years of previous restaurant/hospitality and previous shift supervisory experience is required. No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills Strong leadership profile and must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Has planning and organizational skills. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Jan 13, 2021Full timeShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Starbucks Supervisor is responsible for running an efficient, professional, safe and profitable Starbucks operation following all company standards. Perform other duties as assigned. Performs other duties as assigned. In a Flex (Flexible Work Team) position, while you won't have assigned shifts or guaranteed hours each week, you'll have maximum flexibility to earn money - and a generous employee discount - around your personal schedule. On key days or peak shopping times you will be assigned a shift. These assigned shifts are based on preferences that you set and update periodically during the year. Essential Functions: Completes Starbucks Advance Store Training (AST) Certification. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks clean, safe and ready standards and procedures. Demonstrate a positive role model for Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling providing an exceptional customer experience. Upholds quality standards and actively coaches others to deliver high-quality handcrafted coffee beverages and food products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Assist in preparation and production of all menu items. Coaches to achieve desired barista performance. Identify and use additional resources to measure how your store is delivering the customer experience, following Food Division standards and Best Practices. Role-model the Customer Service behaviors of Anticipate, Connect, Personalize and Own with customers. Accountable for sales, expenses, and bottom-line profits. Monitor food quality using Starbucks checklists. Support a strong working relationship with store management and Starbucks District Manager. Provide on-going training, feedback, coaching, and staff motivation to all associates to maximize team performance and satisfaction. Responsible for daily operations. Complete scheduling and weekly payroll to meet Starbucks standards, maximize associate productivity, labor cost control and customer satisfaction. Utilize forecasts, daily sales reports and weekly food cost and payroll reports to ensure monthly profit/loss goals are met. Responsible for ordering and receiving food, beverage, dry and paper goods based budget and needs of the business. Completes timely payment of invoices according to vendor contracts and Food Division Best Practices. Responsible for food inventories following Inventory Best Practices to ensure they are taken on a timely and accurate basis to ensure targeted food and beverage costs are maintained. Maintain role model standards in grooming, professional appearance and communications. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: Three years of previous restaurant/hospitality and previous shift supervisory experience is required. No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills Strong leadership profile and must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Has planning and organizational skills. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Starbucks Barista at Macy's, Part Time: Easton Town CenterMacy's Columbus, OhioShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Barista sells and creates Starbucks coffee beverages following Starbucks standards providing exceptional customer service through product knowledge and Magic selling. Perform other duties as assigned. Macy's uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. Additionally, during key events and peak selling times, Macy's may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. Details on Macy's schedule options are available during the interview process. Essential Functions: Completes the Barista Certification Program. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks Clean, Safe and Ready standards and procedures. Follows Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling skills providing an exceptional customer experience. Educate, sample, and serve customers food and beverage products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Connects with customers to build relationships and seeks to exceed their expectations. Can identify problems, take action as appropriate and proactively communicates ideas for possible solutions to a manager. Understands importance of meeting store goals, while holding self- accountable for understanding business measures and store goals. Consistently uses operational tools and follows routines and procedures. Maintain personal hygiene and professional dress code to comply with company, Starbucks and Health Department standards. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. Previous restaurant/hospitality experience is preferred but not required. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills: Must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Jan 13, 2021Full timeShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Barista sells and creates Starbucks coffee beverages following Starbucks standards providing exceptional customer service through product knowledge and Magic selling. Perform other duties as assigned. Macy's uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. Additionally, during key events and peak selling times, Macy's may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. Details on Macy's schedule options are available during the interview process. Essential Functions: Completes the Barista Certification Program. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks Clean, Safe and Ready standards and procedures. Follows Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling skills providing an exceptional customer experience. Educate, sample, and serve customers food and beverage products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Connects with customers to build relationships and seeks to exceed their expectations. Can identify problems, take action as appropriate and proactively communicates ideas for possible solutions to a manager. Understands importance of meeting store goals, while holding self- accountable for understanding business measures and store goals. Consistently uses operational tools and follows routines and procedures. Maintain personal hygiene and professional dress code to comply with company, Starbucks and Health Department standards. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. Previous restaurant/hospitality experience is preferred but not required. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills: Must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Starbucks Barista - Lead, Part Time: Easton Town CenterMacy's Columbus, OhioShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Lead Barista supports the Starbucks Manager in running an efficient, professional, safe and profitable Starbucks operation following all company standards. Perform other duties as assigned. Macy's uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. Additionally, during key events and peak selling times, Macy's may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. Details on Macy's schedule options are available during the interview process. Essential Functions: Completes Starbucks Advance Store Training (AST) Certification. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks clean, safe and ready standards and procedures. Demonstrate a positive role model for Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling providing an exceptional customer experience. Upholds quality standards and actively coaches others to deliver high-quality handcrafted coffee beverages and food products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Assist in preparation and production of all menu items. Coaches to achieve desired barista performance. Identify and use additional resources to measure how your store is delivering the customer experience, following Food Division standards and Best Practices. Role-model the Customer Service behaviors of Anticipate, Connect, Personalize and Own with customers. Assist in accountability for sales, expenses and bottom-line profits. Monitor food quality using Starbucks checklists. Builds strong working relationships with their team and supervisor, willing to help other associates and contributes to a fun and productive work environment. Provide on-going training, feedback, coaching, and staff motivation to all associates to maximize team performance and satisfaction. Clean, calibrate and perform routine maintenance store's equipment using the Store Cleanliness and Equipment Maintenance Manual. Utilize forecasts, daily sales reports and weekly food cost and payroll reports to ensure monthly profit/loss goals are met. Assist in ordering food, beverage, dry and paper goods based budget and needs of the business. Ensure that baristas are accurately receiving products and following Best Practices. Assist with food inventories following Inventory Best Practices to ensure they are taken on a timely and accurate basis to ensure targeted food and beverage costs are maintained. Maintain role model standards in grooming, professional appearance and communications. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. One year of previous restaurant/hospitality and previous shift supervisory experience is required. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills: Strong leadership profile and must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Has planning and organizational skills. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Jan 13, 2021Full timeShopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and 's offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that's changing the way people experience our stores. The secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there's a great job waiting for you. The Lead Barista supports the Starbucks Manager in running an efficient, professional, safe and profitable Starbucks operation following all company standards. Perform other duties as assigned. Macy's uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. Additionally, during key events and peak selling times, Macy's may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. Details on Macy's schedule options are available during the interview process. Essential Functions: Completes Starbucks Advance Store Training (AST) Certification. Exemplifies Barista promise to produce and deliver handcrafted beverages and food, demonstrating Starbucks service standards. Demonstrate current and working knowledge of drip coffee, cold beverage, espresso bar, and pastry stations. Understands company health and safety best practices while following Starbucks clean, safe and ready standards and procedures. Demonstrate a positive role model for Starbucks Service Steps and Magic Selling providing an exceptional customer experience. Upholds quality standards and actively coaches others to deliver high-quality handcrafted coffee beverages and food products. Opens and/or closes area following appropriate checklist, verifies completion with Manager on Duty prior to leaving the area. Maintains PAR stock levels and follows Starbucks merchandising, signing and product presentation standards. Assist in preparation and production of all menu items. Coaches to achieve desired barista performance. Identify and use additional resources to measure how your store is delivering the customer experience, following Food Division standards and Best Practices. Role-model the Customer Service behaviors of Anticipate, Connect, Personalize and Own with customers. Assist in accountability for sales, expenses and bottom-line profits. Monitor food quality using Starbucks checklists. Builds strong working relationships with their team and supervisor, willing to help other associates and contributes to a fun and productive work environment. Provide on-going training, feedback, coaching, and staff motivation to all associates to maximize team performance and satisfaction. Clean, calibrate and perform routine maintenance store's equipment using the Store Cleanliness and Equipment Maintenance Manual. Utilize forecasts, daily sales reports and weekly food cost and payroll reports to ensure monthly profit/loss goals are met. Assist in ordering food, beverage, dry and paper goods based budget and needs of the business. Ensure that baristas are accurately receiving products and following Best Practices. Assist with food inventories following Inventory Best Practices to ensure they are taken on a timely and accurate basis to ensure targeted food and beverage costs are maintained. Maintain role model standards in grooming, professional appearance and communications. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: No specific educational accomplishment is necessary. One year of previous restaurant/hospitality and previous shift supervisory experience is required. Health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement. A Food Handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at Macy's. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals. Ability to communicate in Spanish is preferred but not required. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Able to use a calculator. Must be able to make change using American monetary units. Reasoning Ability: Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be able to follow instructions. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. Must be able to move and/or lift at least 30 lbs. Involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment. Other Skills: Strong leadership profile and must possess excellent customer service skills. Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Has planning and organizational skills. Work Hours: Flexible with scheduling and available to work retail hours, which may include day, evening, weekends and/or holidays based on department/store/company needs. Working Conditions: This position is required to use potentially hazardous equipment, such as coffee and espresso makers. Reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy's, Inc. - including Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVIII Art. 9 .Shift SupervisorOn The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina Columbus, OhioYou Bring a lot to the Table! Our Shift Supervisor bring their BEST- Charisma! Charm! Savvy Intellect!At On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina we celebrate bringing people together! It's our mission to Have Fun, Work Smart, Be the Best, and Make Money. We are serving fresh Border-style food and killer margaritas in over 150 locations in 31 US states & Korea. If you have a passion for people, are wired to exceed expectations, and not intimidated by a challenge- YOU OWN YOUR RESULTS! On The Border is the place for you to show your stuff, we want to meet you! For Nearly 40 years we've provided a vibrant, unique environment where people want to work, grow, and stay!Working at OTB-Have Fun- Be Yourself! We are looking for enthusiastic, friendly people who enjoy having a good time.Work Smart- Learn from the Best. We have step by step training that will help you be successful at On The Border and beyond!Be the Best- We believe in your potential. Here at OTB we have a PATH for every person to be successful.Make Money- Take money to the bank! OTB provides competitive wages, cool perks, and a rewarding work experience.As a Shift Supervisor or Shift Leader your job includes: Monitoring restaurant operations and conditions to ensure quality of food and Guest service Communicating with Team Members, Guests, vendors, and concept personnel for various needs Leading and coaching your team to provide remarkable food, drinks, and hospitality.Are you Qualified for the Job? Hiring NOW! Full Time!Must be at least 21 years of ageMinimum 6 months restaurant supervisory experienceCan you see yourself having fun and hustling every shift? Do you strive to be the best every day? If you have a competitive spirit and want to win, we want to meet you!What makes On The Border more than just Bueno? But, MUY BUENO!Highly competitive earning opportunities.Flexible scheduling for families, second jobs, and life in generalHealth BenefitsCareer Advancement Growth OpportunitiesTeam Member dining programReferral BonusesInternal Foundation funded by employees to help employeesCommunity involvement & outreach through \"No Kid Hungry\"On The Border is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Jan 13, 2021Full timeYou Bring a lot to the Table! Our Shift Supervisor bring their BEST- Charisma! Charm! Savvy Intellect!At On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina we celebrate bringing people together! It's our mission to Have Fun, Work Smart, Be the Best, and Make Money. We are serving fresh Border-style food and killer margaritas in over 150 locations in 31 US states & Korea. If you have a passion for people, are wired to exceed expectations, and not intimidated by a challenge- YOU OWN YOUR RESULTS! On The Border is the place for you to show your stuff, we want to meet you! For Nearly 40 years we've provided a vibrant, unique environment where people want to work, grow, and stay!Working at OTB-Have Fun- Be Yourself! We are looking for enthusiastic, friendly people who enjoy having a good time.Work Smart- Learn from the Best. We have step by step training that will help you be successful at On The Border and beyond!Be the Best- We believe in your potential. Here at OTB we have a PATH for every person to be successful.Make Money- Take money to the bank! OTB provides competitive wages, cool perks, and a rewarding work experience.As a Shift Supervisor or Shift Leader your job includes: Monitoring restaurant operations and conditions to ensure quality of food and Guest service Communicating with Team Members, Guests, vendors, and concept personnel for various needs Leading and coaching your team to provide remarkable food, drinks, and hospitality.Are you Qualified for the Job? Hiring NOW! Full Time!Must be at least 21 years of ageMinimum 6 months restaurant supervisory experienceCan you see yourself having fun and hustling every shift? Do you strive to be the best every day? If you have a competitive spirit and want to win, we want to meet you!What makes On The Border more than just Bueno? But, MUY BUENO!Highly competitive earning opportunities.Flexible scheduling for families, second jobs, and life in generalHealth BenefitsCareer Advancement Growth OpportunitiesTeam Member dining programReferral BonusesInternal Foundation funded by employees to help employeesCommunity involvement & outreach through \"No Kid Hungry\"On The Border is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Assistant ManagerPapa John's Columbus, MississippiAs one of the largest pizza restaurant franchises in the nation, Papa John's remains a familiar face in the take-out and delivery pizza business. With over 3,000 locations in the United States alone, various entry-level and career-oriented positions continue to open up.Do you like to make people smile? Do you like to meet new people? Do you want to learn how to provide world-class hospitality?We have an organized training program to teach you all of the necessary skills needed to deliver top customer service and earn big tips. In addition to a formalized training program, we offer continued development, training, incentives, and opportunities. We measure success by the many happy faces and top customer service scores.In addition to being the industry's better pizza, Papa John's also has better jobs! Business is booming and we need great people like you on our team!Papa John's has more than 4,000 restaurants worldwide. We teach team members to provide outstanding customer service so they can take advantage of professional development opportunities and collaborate in a fun environment.Papa John's is looking for awesome Assistant Managers to join their team!Papa Johns Assistant Managers assist the General Manager in managing all functions of a Papa Johns restaurant to ensure that high quality products and service are delivered to our customers to ensure restaurant profitability. You must be a team-oriented leader who instills pride and accountability in your team. Other responsibilities include the management of operations including the execution of all Company policies, procedures, programs and systems. Ensure compliance with all federal, state and local laws and ethical business practices.As an Assistant Manager, you will:Contribute to profit goals by ensuring they stay within company guidelines and target goals by accurately utilizing the PROFIT System.Execute cash management duties.Assist in the management of adequate inventory levels using the companys systems and guidelines to minimize loss.Manage companys assets by ensuring the restaurant is clean, safe and organized; complies with safety and security standards at all times.Demonstrate dependability and shows a sense of urgency about getting results.At Papa Johns we consider all of our team members to be more than just employees! We care about you and your development. In fact, most of our promotions come from within! So become a part of the Papa Johns family and join us as an Assistant Manager.1+ years of restaurant management/leadership experience required * High School diploma or GED. * Successful and stable employment history. * Must be able to lift at least 50 lbs. * Ability to successfully perform the job duties of all positions in the restaurant, including pizza delivery. * Ability to lead a team during a shift with no supervision. * Ability to work with phones, computers, fax machines and copiers. * Reliable transportation to and from work * Dependable and on time.Jan 13, 2021Full timeAs one of the largest pizza restaurant franchises in the nation, Papa John's remains a familiar face in the take-out and delivery pizza business. With over 3,000 locations in the United States alone, various entry-level and career-oriented positions continue to open up.Do you like to make people smile? Do you like to meet new people? Do you want to learn how to provide world-class hospitality?We have an organized training program to teach you all of the necessary skills needed to deliver top customer service and earn big tips. In addition to a formalized training program, we offer continued development, training, incentives, and opportunities. We measure success by the many happy faces and top customer service scores.In addition to being the industry's better pizza, Papa John's also has better jobs! Business is booming and we need great people like you on our team!Papa John's has more than 4,000 restaurants worldwide. We teach team members to provide outstanding customer service so they can take advantage of professional development opportunities and collaborate in a fun environment.Papa John's is looking for awesome Assistant Managers to join their team!Papa Johns Assistant Managers assist the General Manager in managing all functions of a Papa Johns restaurant to ensure that high quality products and service are delivered to our customers to ensure restaurant profitability. You must be a team-oriented leader who instills pride and accountability in your team. Other responsibilities include the management of operations including the execution of all Company policies, procedures, programs and systems. Ensure compliance with all federal, state and local laws and ethical business practices.As an Assistant Manager, you will:Contribute to profit goals by ensuring they stay within company guidelines and target goals by accurately utilizing the PROFIT System.Execute cash management duties.Assist in the management of adequate inventory levels using the companys systems and guidelines to minimize loss.Manage companys assets by ensuring the restaurant is clean, safe and organized; complies with safety and security standards at all times.Demonstrate dependability and shows a sense of urgency about getting results.At Papa Johns we consider all of our team members to be more than just employees! We care about you and your development. In fact, most of our promotions come from within! So become a part of the Papa Johns family and join us as an Assistant Manager.1+ years of restaurant management/leadership experience required * High School diploma or GED. * Successful and stable employment history. * Must be able to lift at least 50 lbs. * Ability to successfully perform the job duties of all positions in the restaurant, including pizza delivery. * Ability to lead a team during a shift with no supervision. * Ability to work with phones, computers, fax machines and copiers. * Reliable transportation to and from work * Dependable and on time.Team MemberPapa John's Columbus, MississippiAs one of the largest pizza restaurant franchises in the nation, Papa John's remains a familiar face in the take-out and delivery pizza business. With over 3,000 locations in the United States alone, various entry-level and career-oriented positions continue to open up.Do you like to make people smile? Do you like to meet new people? Do you want to learn how to provide world-class hospitality?We have an organized training program to teach you all of the necessary skills needed to deliver top customer service and earn big tips. In addition to a formalized training program, we offer continued development, training, incentives, and opportunities. We measure success by the many happy faces and top customer service scores.In addition to being the industry's better pizza, Papa John's also has better jobs! Business is booming and we need great people like you on our team!Papa John's has more than 4,000 restaurants worldwide. We teach team members to provide outstanding customer service so they can take advantage of professional development opportunities and collaborate in a fun environment.Papa John's is looking for awesome Team Members to join their team!Papa Johns Team Members are responsible for ensuring that quality products and services are delivered to our customers meeting Papa Johns standards. This may include pizza making, order taking, and cashier responsibilities.Papa Johns Team Members must have outgoing personalities, be energetic, efficient, and most importantly willing to work in a fun fast-paced environment.At Papa Johns we consider all of our team members to be more than just employees! We care about you and your development. In fact, most of our promotions come from within! So become a part of the Papa Johns family and join us as a team member.Previous experience preferred but not required * Able to lift up to 50 lbs * Able to be on your feet in a fast-paced environment * Top-notch customer service skills * Energetic, friendly personalityJan 13, 2021Full timeAs one of the largest pizza restaurant franchises in the nation, Papa John's remains a familiar face in the take-out and delivery pizza business. With over 3,000 locations in the United States alone, various entry-level and career-oriented positions continue to open up.Do you like to make people smile? Do you like to meet new people? Do you want to learn how to provide world-class hospitality?We have an organized training program to teach you all of the necessary skills needed to deliver top customer service and earn big tips. In addition to a formalized training program, we offer continued development, training, incentives, and opportunities. We measure success by the many happy faces and top customer service scores.In addition to being the industry's better pizza, Papa John's also has better jobs! Business is booming and we need great people like you on our team!Papa John's has more than 4,000 restaurants worldwide. We teach team members to provide outstanding customer service so they can take advantage of professional development opportunities and collaborate in a fun environment.Papa John's is looking for awesome Team Members to join their team!Papa Johns Team Members are responsible for ensuring that quality products and services are delivered to our customers meeting Papa Johns standards. This may include pizza making, order taking, and cashier responsibilities.Papa Johns Team Members must have outgoing personalities, be energetic, efficient, and most importantly willing to work in a fun fast-paced environment.At Papa Johns we consider all of our team members to be more than just employees! We care about you and your development. In fact, most of our promotions come from within! So become a part of the Papa Johns family and join us as a team member.Previous experience preferred but not required * Able to lift up to 50 lbs * Able to be on your feet in a fast-paced environment * Top-notch customer service skills * Energetic, friendly personalityExecutive Chef 2Sodexo Columbus, OhioOFFERING A SIGN-ON BONUS OF $1,500!! You are inspired by great ingredients and creative cooking. At Sodexo, we bring these together for culinary innovation. Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 2 for Ohio Dominican University located in Columbus, OH . Ohio Dominican University is a private institution that has a total undergraduate enrollment of roughly 1,100 students. The campus size is 93 acres. It is Central Ohio's only Catholic University. The Executive Chef will be responsible for day-to-day operation of culinary program for resident dining, catering and retail. This will be a perfect venue to show case your culinary talent. Seeking an experienced Executive Chef who is well-versed in University segment dining program, with passion for sport and a true leader who can nurture and develop future culinary leaders within their career. Sodexo manages resident dining, retail and catering. The successful candidate will: higher education experience strongly preferred; be responsible for purchasing, menu compliance, inventory, food cost analysis and food production forecasting; ensure Sodexo Culinary standards including recipe compliance and food quality are implemented; have the ability and willingness to develop and motivate team members to embrace culinary innovations; ensure food safety, sanitation and workplace safety standard compliance; and/or have working knowledge of automated food inventory, ordering, production and management systems. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of culinary standards; strong coaching and employee development skills; and/or have a passion for food and innovation. Learn more about Ohio Dominican University at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Health Care, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a medium sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution. Key Duties - Implements & coordinates the culinary function. - Directs & trains cooks & utility workers. - Ensures food preparation & production meets operational standards. - Manages catering & retail areas. - Customer & Client satisfaction. - Financial management to include food cost & labor management. - Manages food & physical safety programs. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 2 years Basic Functional Experience - 2 years work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Jan 13, 2021Full timeOFFERING A SIGN-ON BONUS OF $1,500!! You are inspired by great ingredients and creative cooking. At Sodexo, we bring these together for culinary innovation. Sodexo is seeking an Executive Chef 2 for Ohio Dominican University located in Columbus, OH . Ohio Dominican University is a private institution that has a total undergraduate enrollment of roughly 1,100 students. The campus size is 93 acres. It is Central Ohio's only Catholic University. The Executive Chef will be responsible for day-to-day operation of culinary program for resident dining, catering and retail. This will be a perfect venue to show case your culinary talent. Seeking an experienced Executive Chef who is well-versed in University segment dining program, with passion for sport and a true leader who can nurture and develop future culinary leaders within their career. Sodexo manages resident dining, retail and catering. The successful candidate will: higher education experience strongly preferred; be responsible for purchasing, menu compliance, inventory, food cost analysis and food production forecasting; ensure Sodexo Culinary standards including recipe compliance and food quality are implemented; have the ability and willingness to develop and motivate team members to embrace culinary innovations; ensure food safety, sanitation and workplace safety standard compliance; and/or have working knowledge of automated food inventory, ordering, production and management systems. Is this opportunity right for you? We are looking for candidates who have: a strong culinary background, with the demonstrated ability to stay current with new culinary trends; excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to maintain the highest of culinary standards; strong coaching and employee development skills; and/or have a passion for food and innovation. Learn more about Ohio Dominican University at Learn more about Sodexo's Benefits Not the job for you? At Sodexo, we offer Culinary positions in a variety of business segments, including Corporate, Schools, Universities, Government and Agencies, Health Care, Senior Living and Sports and Leisure locations across the United States. Continue your search for Culinary jobs . Working for Sodexo: At Sodexo, you will find the ingredients for a great culinary career. With benefits including schedules that encourage work-life balance, reimbursement of association dues and continuing education opportunities, you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the hospitality industry. Provides culinary leadership within a medium sized unit including menu planning, program execution and staff management & training. Works directly with internal and external clients managing the catering process from beginning through execution. Key Duties - Implements & coordinates the culinary function. - Directs & trains cooks & utility workers. - Ensures food preparation & production meets operational standards. - Manages catering & retail areas. - Customer & Client satisfaction. - Financial management to include food cost & labor management. - Manages food & physical safety programs. Job Requirements: Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Basic Management Experience - 2 years Basic Functional Experience - 2 years work experience in food or culinary services including restaurants, fast food, vending, catering services, institutional services, mall food courts, etc. Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.Load moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App© 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
