"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs13 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBanking Consultant General Labor Strategy-Planning Education Health Care Admin-Clerical Skilled Labor Full timeRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Hospitality (8) Customer Service (7) Installation-Maint-Repair (5) Management (5) Nonprofit-Social Services (5)Sales (5) Other (4) Accounting (3) Business Development (3) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Entry Level (1) Facilities (1) Finance (1) General Business (1)MoreRefine by Salary Range$40,000 - $75,000 (2)Email me jobs like thisAccount ManagerProspect Studio Wilson, WY, USAAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Jan 22, 2021Full timeAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Office ManagerOutpost JHDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsJan 21, 2021Full timeDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsAdministrative AssistantCLB ArchitectsCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Jan 20, 2021Full timeCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Journeyman PlumberJB PlumbingJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .Jan 19, 2021Full timeJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .SuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Administrative AssistantWecker AssociatesOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...Jan 18, 2021Full timeOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...Rental Equipment TechnicianWestern States EquipmentThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Jan 14, 2021Full timeThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Project Manager/Site SuperintendentBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Jan 12, 2021Full timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 10, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 06, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Packaging OperatorRoadhouse Brewing CoRoadhouse Brewing Co., a growing microbrewery with employee ownership, is seeking a motivated packaging operator to join our team. Roadhouse is focused on strategically growing by continuing to develop quality products, a highly visible brand, strong consumer retention, and a high level of employee satisfaction. We produce clean and sour beers in 12oz, 16oz and 500ml sizes on a PS Angelus canning line with SKA depalletizer and Paktech off packer. We recently expanded our facility to a 30,000BBL capacity and run a just-in-time manufacturing model balanced by healthy pars. This position would work closely with the production manager and our packaging and brewing teams. Responsibilities: Canning, bottling, kegging; Equipment CIP; Warehousing and truck loading; Cleaning and sanitizing; Carry out the company's vision by continuing to package a premium craft brand with quality at the front of mind; Performing quality control checks during all packaging runs; Completing...Jan 04, 2021Full timeRoadhouse Brewing Co., a growing microbrewery with employee ownership, is seeking a motivated packaging operator to join our team. Roadhouse is focused on strategically growing by continuing to develop quality products, a highly visible brand, strong consumer retention, and a high level of employee satisfaction. We produce clean and sour beers in 12oz, 16oz and 500ml sizes on a PS Angelus canning line with SKA depalletizer and Paktech off packer. We recently expanded our facility to a 30,000BBL capacity and run a just-in-time manufacturing model balanced by healthy pars. This position would work closely with the production manager and our packaging and brewing teams. Responsibilities: Canning, bottling, kegging; Equipment CIP; Warehousing and truck loading; Cleaning and sanitizing; Carry out the company's vision by continuing to package a premium craft brand with quality at the front of mind; Performing quality control checks during all packaging runs; Completing...Field Technician - Jackson, WYCharter Communications Jackson, WY, USAField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Dec 31, 2020Full timeField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
