"Digital Projects and Services Librarian at Temple University - Code4Lib Job Boardcode4lib jobsJobsTagsEmployersLoginFull timeDigital Projects and Services LibrarianTemple University — Philadelphia0 other recent jobsCreated: June 18, 2015Description*Summary:*Looking for a dynamic work environment and professional growth opportunities? Come join the Digital Library Initiatives team at Temple. We seek an enthusiastic service-oriented Digital Projects and Services Librarian to be involved in a range of collaborative projects including rethinking delivery of digitized collections, supporting e-journal and dataset publishing, and helping grow our participation in the budding Pennsylvania DPLA hub. The position also participates in ongoing UX work and development of the Libraries’ websites. Temple University is a vibrant, urban research university with over 1,700 full-time faculty and a student body of 36,000 that is among the most diverse in the nation. For more information about Temple and Philadelphia, visit http://www.temple.edu/about/.*Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *Reporting to the Head of Digital Library Initiatives, the Digital Projects and Services Librarian coordinates the implementation of various digital library projects and services, working collaboratively with the developers’ team, web designer, digitization team, external consultants and partners, and project stakeholders. The librarian acts as a coordinator and team lead for projects, assesses user needs and interface usability, develops project specifications in collaboration with developers’ team and other stakeholders, and facilitates communication. Implements software platform configuration and settings and other non-programming implementation tasks. Coordinates the development and maintenance of the Drupal-based library website, as well as Hydra-based digital repository projects. The incumbent will also take an active part in the Hydra-based Pennsylvania DPLA aggregator project. Supervises one full-time staff member and up to 2 student workers. Maintains in-depth knowledge of standards and best practices in the realm of digital projects, library-oriented open-source platforms and project management. The librarian will participate in library-wide activities and committees, be active professionally and meet requirements for contract renewals, promotion, and regular appointment. Performs other duties as assigned.*Required Education and Experience:*ALA accredited master’s degree in Library Science and two years of relevant experience.*Required Skills and Abilities:*· Experience developing digital library projects and understanding of web-based project design methods and practices.· Demonstrated experience with a Content Management System like Drupal, and/or a digital objects repository/publication system, such as Hydra/Fedora, Omeka, CONTENTdm, or OJS.· Excellent project management and team leadership skills.· Experience with metadata standards, such as Dublin Core, MODS, and OAI-PMH.· Demonstrated ability to work in a highly collaborative environment and across multiple departments.· Supervisory skills.· Excellent oral and written communication skills.*Preferred Skills and Abilities:*· Experience developing and managing large websites and/or digital repositories, including managing stakeholders’ expectations, and producing ADA-compliant sites.· Experience with HTML/CSS, and some familiarity with a scripting language like PHP and/or XML/XSLT.· Experience with UX assessment methodologies.· Experience with Agile-style project management.· Experience in an academic library setting.*Compensation:*Competitive salary and benefits package, including relocation allowance. Rank and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.*To apply: *To apply for this position, please visit www.temple.edu, click on Careers At Temple <http://www.temple.edu/hr/departments/employment/jobs_within.htm> at the bottom of the home page, and reference TU-19265. For full consideration, please submit your completed electronic application, along with a cover letter and resume. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled.Temple University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer with a strong commitment to cultural diversity.How to applyContact:Delphine KhannaPHP Omeka Metadata Object Description Standard Library science Dublin Core Drupal Digital Library for Dutch Literature CONTENTdmMetadataPublished: Thursday, June 18, 2015 21:58 UTCLast updated: Tuesday, February 28, 2017 23:41 UTC"
