"Elizabeth Garrett Chair in Health Policy, Economics, & Law – ASHEconSkip to contentAboutGovernanceASHEcon CommitteesASHEcon Code of ConductFounders CircleFinancial ReportsASHEcon BylawsMembershipOrganizational MembershipJoin/Renew/UpdateWebinarsProfessional Development ResourcesCareers in Health EconomicsHealth Economics Teaching Materials RepositoryConferences & EventsASHEcon 2021ASHEcon 20202019 Washington, DC2018 Atlanta2016 Philadelphia2014 Los Angeles2012 Minneapolis2010 Cornell2008 Duke2006 MadisonASHEcon at ASSAFuture Conferences & EventsPast ConferencesAwardsAwards Information2020 ASHEcon Award Winners2020 Diversity Scholarship RecipientsPast Diversity Scholarship RecipientsPast Award WinnersJournalAJHEFeatured ArticlesAuthor GuidelinesEditorial Statement on Negative FindingsJobsView Job ListingsSubmit a job announcementNewsASHEcon NewsletterRSSTwitterFacebookASHEcon > Jobs > Elizabeth Garrett Chair in Health Policy, Economics, & Law	Categories: JobsElizabeth Garrett Chair in Health Policy, Economics, & LawElizabeth Garrett Chair in Health Policy, Economics, & LawUniversity of Southern California Sol Price School of Public PolicyThe Sol Price School of Public Policy invites nominations and applications for the Elizabeth Garrett Chair in Health Policy, Economics, & Law. This endowed chair – made possible through a generous gift from Leonard and Pamela Schaeffer — is named in honor of Elizabeth Garrett, the thirteenth president of Cornell University and former USC provost. As USC President Max Nikias recalled, Beth Garrett was “a remarkably dynamic leader with a singular gift for inspired, innovative thinking. So many of us recall her remarkable energy, her tenacious commitment to her work, and her deep passion for our community.”Qualifications: The Garrett Chair holder (“The Chair”) is expected to exemplify the qualities embodied in President Nikias’ remarks. More generally, the Chair will provide intellectual leadership in both the Department of Health Policy and Management and the Leonard D. Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics, as described below. The successful applicant will be a distinguished scholar, broadly defined, with a substantive health policy contributions in economics, law, medicine, or public policy. Applicants should hold an appropriate doctoral degree and have exceptional research and teaching records. The ideal candidate will also demonstrate an ability to raise external funding to support research and training. Candidates are also expected to meet School and University standards for full tenured professors.About the Department of Health Policy and Management: The Garrett Chair is expected to provide intellectual leadership in the department of health policy and management, which has principal responsibility for two degree programs: a traditional Master in Health Administration (MHA), and a blended, online Executive Master in Health Administration (EMHA) each with a total enrollment of approximately 150 students. The Department currently has 10 full-time tenured and tenure track faculty, three teaching faculty, and more than 30 adjunct faculty. US News & World Report recently ranked USC 3rd in the United States in health policy and management.About the Leonard D. Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics: The Schaeffer Center was established in 2009 to serve as an intellectual hub for health policy research at USC. The result of a unique partnership between the School of Pharmacy and the Sol Price School of Public Policy, the Schaeffer Center takes an interdisciplinary approach to advance health policy and health economics. The Center’s mission is to measurably improve value in health through evidence-based policy solutions, research and educational excellence, and private and public sector engagement. The Center supports 37 faculty affiliated with 9 schools at USC—including 3 winners of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics (Angus Deaton, James Heckman, and Daniel McFadden). Additionally, 29 staff provide support for research, administrative, and external affairs activities. An innovative data core provides sophisticated data and analytic support – including research programmers, a statistician, system administrator, and a data scientist—and maintains data from more than 60 sources—including Medicare and Medicaid administrative data, private insurance claims, survey data, and electronic health record network data feeds with dozens of terabytes describing millions of individuals. Two analytic computing clusters accommodate complex data analyses in a HIPAA-compliant environment with security event monitoring 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Data Core also develops adaptable policy tools, including models as part of an NIA-sponsored Roybal Center for Health Policy Simulation. An external affairs team supports a sophisticated dissemination strategy to ensure Schaeffer Center research informs health policy. In addition to assisting in the publication of policy-relevant, peer-reviewed journals, the team produces e-newsletters, issue briefs, opinion pieces, and creative data visualizations and graphics. Through an established partnership with the Brookings Institution, the Center regularly convenes health policy conferences and publishes policy briefs on salient policy issues. Robust outreach in social and traditional media help support the Center’s mission and establish faculty as thought leaders. Finally, the Schaeffer Center supports interdisciplinary training opportunities for students and scholars at all levels—ranging from high school all the way to junior faculty. For additional information, see our website: http://healthpolicy.usc.edu/About the Sol Price School of Public Policy: The mission of the Sol Price School of Public Policy is to improve the quality of life for people and their communities, here and abroad. We achieve this mission through education and research that promote innovative solutions to the most critical issues facing society, with a particular focus on governance, urban development, and social policy. The Price School offers Ph.D. programs in Public Policy and Management and Urban Planning; masters’ degrees in Public Administration, Public Policy, Urban Planning, Health Administration, and Real Estate Development; executive masters’ degrees; and an interdisciplinary undergraduate degree. USC is one of the nation’s premiere research universities, and the Price School is a major contributor to the university’s reputation. The school supports an array of thematic research centers with $35 million in active sponsored research, ranking third overall in funded research at USC on a per faculty basis. Much of the school’s research is conducted through its centers, institutes, and research groups. Among them are the Bedrosian Center on Governance and the Public Enterprise, Center on Philanthropy and Public Policy, Price Center for Social Innovation, Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy, Center for Economic Development, Center for Sustainable Cities, National Center for Metropolitan Transportation Research, Lusk Center for Real Estate, Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics, and the Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events (CREATE), the country’s first Homeland Security Center of Excellence. For additional information, see our website: https://priceschool.usc.edu/Compensation and Benefits: The University of Southern California offers a competitive salary within an academic environment based on the candidate’s experience and accomplishments. The university also offers excellent benefits to employees, which include: health, dental and life insurance; tuition assistance; disability and retirement plans; credit union membership; and participation in cultural and social events, as well as access to athletic and recreational facilities.An Equal Opportunity Employer: USC is an equal-opportunity educator and employer, proudly pluralistic and firmly committed to providing equal opportunity for outstanding persons of every race, gender, creed and background. The University particularly encourages women, members of underrepresented groups, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply. USC will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in undue hardship.1100 Vermont Avenue NW Suite 650Washington, DC 20005P: (202) 737 6608F: (202) 496 0134Email: info@ashecon.orgSearch for:© 2021 ASHEcon – All rights reserved."
