"Job opening - Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) in Toronto | Randstad CAYou need to enable JavaScript to run this app.randstadjob seekeremployersempowering womensalarieslocationsmy randstadenfrsubmit your resumeexplore sectorscareer resourcesbest jobs in 2021careers at randstadjob seekersubmit your resumeexplore sectorscareer resourcesbest jobs in 2021careers at randstademployersempowering womenresearchwhite paperpodcastssalarieslocationsmy randstadmy randstadedit profileaccount settingslog outenfrYou are successfully logged out of your my randstad accountcloseYou have successfully deleted your accountclosetechnologieshomejobstechnologiessenior front end developer (react, remote)Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote)Toronto, Ontarioposted 6. July 2020applyapply nowsenior front end developer (react, remote)Do you have an account?log in to applyapply as a new userfirst namelast namephone numberemail addresspassword8 characters1 small letter1 capital letter1 numberpasswordyour resumeadd files or drop files here.pdf, .doc, .docx, .rtf, .txt, .csv, .jpg, .jpeg / max 8 mbdrop files heregoogle drivedropboxI accept the terms & conditionsI am happy to receive email communications from Randstad Canada for the purposes of marketing. You can unsubscribe at any timesubmit your applicationjob detailssummaryRandstad CanadaPermanentsectorTechnologiesjob detailsOur client, an established conversational commerce and digital retailing solution provider (working in the NLP/AI space) is looking for a Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) to join their growing team.This is a full-time permanent opportunity, and 100% remote (work from home). The successful Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) candidate will have extensive experience building complex applications in React and Redux. ...2 Remote interviews to hire. Candidates must be based in and legally eligible to work for any employer in Canada. 2 Managerial references and criminal backcheck required.Requirements:React / Redux expert - 4Y+ yearsHTML/CSS/Javascript - 7Y+Git - 3-5Y+Jquery - 3-5Y+Nice-to-have:Redis - 1-2YMemcached - 1-2YNginx - 1-2YCI/CD Environment - 1-2YTDD - 1-2YAre you a Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) looking to join a stable but dynamic remote-working team? Apply today!RESPONSIBILITIESQUALIFICATIONSshow lessshow moreOur client, an established conversational commerce and digital retailing solution provider (working in the NLP/AI space) is looking for a Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) to join their growing team.This is a full-time permanent opportunity, and 100% remote (work from home). The successful Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) candidate will have extensive experience building complex applications in React and Redux.2 Remote interviews to hire. Candidates must be based in and legally eligible to work for any employer in Canada. 2 Managerial references and criminal backcheck required.Requirements:React / Redux expert - 4Y+ yearsHTML/CSS/Javascript - 7Y+Git - 3-5Y+Jquery - 3-5Y+Nice-to-have:Redis - 1-2YMemcached - 1-2YNginx - 1-2YCI/CD Environment - 1-2YTDD - 1-2YAre you a Senior Front End Developer (React, Remote) looking to join a stable but dynamic remote-working team? Apply today!RESPONSIBILITIESQUALIFICATIONSthe application process.Learn what’s next in the application process and find out how we help you land the right job.1 of 7the application process.Learn what’s next in the application process and find out how we help you land the right job.2 of 7we’ll give you a call.A consultant will call you at a suitable time to discuss your application and career aspirations.3 of 7getting you registered.If you’ve never worked with us before, we collect some basic information and confirm your eligibility to work in Canada.4 of 7reference and background check.Next, we need to verify a few things! We’ll contact your references and perform a background check to ensure you’re right for the job.5 of 7the perfect job for you.Our team will arrange an interview for the role you’ve applied for, or suggest an alternative, if they believe there’s an opportunity that’s a better fit.6 of 7the interview.We ensure you’re fully prepared for your interview and know what to expect. We know you’ll ace it!7 of 7start your new job.Congratulations, you’re ready to begin your new job! We ensure you’re fully prepared for your first day.related jobs.see all jobsQuant Trading Application Developer - Falcon TeamToronto, OntarioContractposted 26 January 2021Our client in the Financial service industry is looking for an IT Quant Trading Application Developer You will need to understand the real-time pricing, risk and Algo needs of the Rates, Credit and Emerging Markets businesses across key strategic locations. Work closely with Front Office and Quants to implement pricing/risk models and Algo trading strategies in low latency systems. MUST HAVE SKILLS:•Programming skills in Java, C++, C#, SQL, KDB, Perl, Python and MatLab, hands on experience with pub/sub technology•Exposure to Agile and Devops•Working with real-time pricing, risk and Algo trading system in tier 1 investment banks•Product knowledge and experience across G7 and EM for Fixed Income trading system from major financial institutions •Strong mathematical, quantitative skills and a logical mind, effective problem solver to meet technical and business challenges.•Team player – effective communication, work without much supervision, attitude to learn and share, sense of ownership &amp; accountabilityAlso important is an open attitude, willing to work with others, strong understanding of all front to back business support functions, and the ability to work in a geographically diverse team.If you have the desired skills and excited about this opportunity please apply online TODAY!!!!ADVANTAGESOur client in the Financial service industry is looking for an IT Quant Trading Application Developer You will need to understand the real-time pricing, risk and Algo needs of the Rates, Credit and Emerging Markets businesses across key strategic locations. Work closely with Front Office and Quants to implement pricing/risk models and Algo trading strategies in low latency systems. MUST HAVE SKILLS:•Programming skills in Java, C++, C#, SQL, KDB, Perl, Python and MatLab, hands on experience with pub/sub technology•Exposure to Agile and Devops•Working with real-time pricing, risk and Algo trading system in tier 1 investment banks•Product knowledge and experience across G7 and EM for Fixed Income trading system from major financial institutions •Strong mathematical, quantitative skills and a logical mind, effective problem solver to meet technical and business challenges.•Team player – effective communication, work without much supervision, attitude to learn and share, sense of ownership &amp; accountabilityAlso important is an open attitude, willing to work with others, strong understanding of all front to back business support functions, and the ability to work in a geographically diverse team.If you have the desired skills and excited about this opportunity please apply online TODAY!!!!RESPONSIBILITIESOur client in the Financial service industry is looking for an IT Quant Trading Application Developer You will need to understand the real-time pricing, risk and Algo needs of the Rates, Credit and Emerging Markets businesses across key strategic locations. Work closely with Front Office and Quants to implement pricing/risk models and Algo trading strategies in low latency systems. MUST HAVE SKILLS:•Programming skills in Java, C++, C#, SQL, KDB, Perl, Python and MatLab, hands on experience with pub/sub technology•Exposure to Agile and Devops•Working with real-time pricing, risk and Algo trading system in tier 1 investment banks•Product knowledge and experience across G7 and EM for Fixed Income trading system from major financial institutions •Strong mathematical, quantitative skills and a logical mind, effective problem solver to meet technical and business challenges.•Team player – effective communication, work without much supervision, attitude to learn and share, sense of ownership &amp; accountabilityAlso important is an open attitude, willing to work with others, strong understanding of all front to back business support functions, and the ability to work in a geographically diverse team.If you have the desired skills and excited about this opportunity please apply online TODAY!!!!QUALIFICATIONSOur client in the Financial service industry is looking for an IT Quant Trading Application Developer You will need to understand the real-time pricing, risk and Algo needs of the Rates, Credit and Emerging Markets businesses across key strategic locations. Work closely with Front Office and Quants to implement pricing/risk models and Algo trading strategies in low latency systems. MUST HAVE SKILLS:•Programming skills in Java, C++, C#, SQL, KDB, Perl, Python and MatLab, hands on experience with pub/sub technology•Exposure to Agile and Devops•Working with real-time pricing, risk and Algo trading system in tier 1 investment banks•Product knowledge and experience across G7 and EM for Fixed Income trading system from major financial institutions •Strong mathematical, quantitative skills and a logical mind, effective problem solver to meet technical and business challenges.•Team player – effective communication, work without much supervision, attitude to learn and share, sense of ownership &amp; accountabilityAlso important is an open attitude, willing to work with others, strong understanding of all front to back business support functions, and the ability to work in a geographically diverse team.If you have the desired skills and excited about this opportunity please apply online TODAY!!!!SUMMARYOur client in the Financial service industry is looking for an IT Quant Trading Application Developer You will need to understand the real-time pricing, risk and Algo needs of the Rates, Credit and Emerging Markets businesses across key strategic locations. Work closely with Front Office and Quants to implement pricing/risk models and Algo trading strategies in low latency systems. MUST HAVE SKILLS:•Programming skills in Java, C++, C#, SQL, KDB, Perl, Python and MatLab, hands on experience with pub/sub technology•Exposure to Agile and Devops•Working with real-time pricing, risk and Algo trading system in tier 1 investment banks•Product knowledge and experience across G7 and EM for Fixed Income trading system from major financial institutions •Strong mathematical, quantitative skills and a logical mind, effective problem solver to meet technical and business challenges.•Team player – effective communication, work without much supervision, attitude to learn and share, sense of ownership &amp; accountabilityAlso important is an open attitude, willing to work with others, strong understanding of all front to back business support functions, and the ability to work in a geographically diverse team.If you have the desired skills and excited about this opportunity please apply online TODAY!!!!view jobAutomation QA - RemoteToronto, OntarioPermanentposted 26 January 2021Our client, an established conversational commerce and digital retailing solution provider (working in the NLP/AI space) is looking for an experienced Automation QA - Remote to join their growing team. This is a full-time permanent opportunity and 100% remote (work from home). The successful Automation QA - Remote candidate will have extensive experience testing complex web and mobile applications in an Agile environment using Python, Selenium, and Testrail or similar tools.2 Remote interviews to hire. Candidates must be based in and legally eligible to work for any employer in Canada. 2 Managerial references and criminal backcheck.ADVANTAGESWork with a friendly, fun, dynamic, and fully remote remote team on new and exciting products using a cutting-edge tech stack. Competitive salary, health benefits, and work-from-home stipend.RESPONSIBILITIESThe successful Automation QA - Remote candidate will have extensive experience doing automation testing of complex web and mobile applications in an Agile environment using Python, Selenium, and TestRail or similar tools.QUALIFICATIONSMust-have Skills QA - (&gt;5Y)Automation Experience - (2-3Y)JIRA - (3-5Y)Python - (2-3Y)Selenium - (2-3Y)Agile Environment Experience - (3-5Y)testing web and mobile applications - (3-5Y)Crisp &amp; Clear Comms (Verbal and Written) - (3-5Y)Nice-to-have SkillsRemote Experience - (1-2Y)Pytest - (2-3Y)TestRail - (2-3Y)Bachelors Degree in Comp. Sci. or Similar - (2-3Y)Product-Based Company Experience - (2-3Y)SUMMARYAre you an experienced Automation QA - Remote looking to join a stable but dynamic remote-working team? Apply today!view jobTechnical Lead - Front-End, TorontoToronto, OntarioPermanentposted 26 January 2021ResponsibilitiesBuild scalable, reliable, secure systems using open-source technologies that align with Architech’s Technology Strategy. Combine Java, Spring Boot, Node.js, AngularJS, React.js as required and appropriate for each project. Leverage data, caching and search solutions such as MongoDB, MySQL, Kafka, Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch, Solr to build performant, data-rich solutions. Secure access to solutions leveraging standards such as OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. Play a pivotal role in the mentorship, guidance, and performance of the Engineers who report directly to you. Leader by example for the quality of code created by your team members to ensure optimal balance of code quality metrics such as coupling, cohesion, testability. Lead Agile Engineering teams with Designers and Strategists to continuously iterate, validate and build feedback into the solution. Collaborate closely with the team Project Manager as the subject matter expert in client meetings and demos. Contribute to the design and implementation of solution archetypes that are composed into complex, cloud native solution architectures. Contribute to the continuous evolution of Architech’s open-source, cloud-first technology strategy. Work with our partner technologies within projects including Azure, DotCMS and Red Hat. ADVANTAGESIt’s all about the environmentSatisfy your curiosity and desire to learn. You’ll work very closely with a diverse tight-knit group of creative people who are passionate about technology and software. Not only will you work in a collaborative and nurturing environment, you’ll also grow your existing skills while keeping up with current and upcoming IT industry trends.We grow when you growWe encourage and support continuous learning by ensuring everyone stays active in the tech community. To help you with this, we offer tools and programs such as Learning Budget, Certification Bonuses, Internal Bootcamps, Summit Days, Lunch &amp; Learns and much more. And this is just the beginning. Check out all our other great benefits.RESPONSIBILITIESResponsibilitiesBuild scalable, reliable, secure systems using open-source technologies that align with Architech’s Technology Strategy. Combine Java, Spring Boot, Node.js, AngularJS, React.js as required and appropriate for each project. Leverage data, caching and search solutions such as MongoDB, MySQL, Kafka, Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch, Solr to build performant, data-rich solutions. Secure access to solutions leveraging standards such as OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. Play a pivotal role in the mentorship, guidance, and performance of the Engineers who report directly to you. Leader by example for the quality of code created by your team members to ensure optimal balance of code quality metrics such as coupling, cohesion, testability. Lead Agile Engineering teams with Designers and Strategists to continuously iterate, validate and build feedback into the solution. Collaborate closely with the team Project Manager as the subject matter expert in client meetings and demos. Contribute to the design and implementation of solution archetypes that are composed into complex, cloud native solution architectures. Contribute to the continuous evolution of Architech’s open-source, cloud-first technology strategy. Work with our partner technologies within projects including Azure, DotCMS and Red Hat. QUALIFICATIONSQualificationsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science. 7+ years' experience in frontend development. JavaScript/TypeScript Engineer with strong hands-on experience with ReactJS, Angular and CSS. Knowledge of GraphQL is an asset. Knowledge of Node.js - Express.js for backend. Knowledge of technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, Ansible, Jenkins, Sonarqube, Linux, Azure and AWS services. Proven experience leading a team of engineers in multiple projects, including mentoring junior engineers and guiding their professional growth. Extensive and excellent client-facing skills. Must be a problem solver who gets excited about challenging engineering puzzles. Astute and passionate about engineering digital solutions that solves real business problems. Should willing to learn and absorb the rapid changes in the software engineering industry. Should be willing to approach all projects with ruthless focus on the end-user and customer. Must be a team player, and this will be demonstrated through setting team members up for success. Apply for this positionREQUIRED*Apply with IndeedApply with First Name*Last Name*Email Address*Phone*Resume*Attach resume or Paste resumeWhere did you hear about Architech?*Human Check*SUMMARYToronto-based software company with over 15 years of experience in creating technology solutions for clients across North America. We leverage the latest cloud technology and hire top talent to modernize applications so that businesses can succeed in today’s digital world. Our Dream Team is based in Vancouver, Toronto, and Krakow, Poland. The team consists of over 100 certified technical experts in our Product, Design, Engineering, and Delivery disciplines. Our values drive our culture of success: Think Big, Be Open &amp; Collaborate, Never Fail a Client, Grow Our People, Do the Right Thing, and Embrace Change.view joblet similar jobs come to youWe will keep you updated when we have similar job postings.your email addressselect frequencyselect frequencydailyweeklymonthlysubmitI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.thank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.job seeker solutionscareer resourcesrandstad advantageonline timesheetsfind a jobcustomer support jobsengineering jobsfinance and accounting jobshuman resources jobsindustrial support jobsinformation technology jobssales and marketing jobsskilled trades jobsindustrial management jobsadministrative jobsemployer solutionsstaffing & recruitmentHR consultingHR techIT solutionsoutsourcingcareer transitionshire talentfaqhire employeesadministrative supportcustomer supportfinance and accountinghuman resourcesindustrial supportIT and technologysales and marketingskilled tradesindustrial managementsalary guidesadministrationengineeringmanufacturingprofessionalstechnologiesinsightscareer resourcesworkplace insightswomen transforming the workplacel’étude marque employeuraboutabout randstadcareers with usemployment equityaccessibilitysitemaplocationscontact usterms & conditionsprivacybe awaremisconduct reporting procedureRandstad Interim Inc. is a corporation formed under the federal laws of Canada. Our corporation number is 797878-2. Our permit number in Quebec is AP-2000610. Our registered office is at 777 Bay Street, Suite 2000 PO Box 128, Toronto, Ontario, M5G 2C8. RANDSTAD, , HUMAN FORWARD and SHAPING THE WORLD OF WORK are registered trademarks of Randstad N.V. © Randstad N.V. 2020"
