"Jobs | Vegan Job Board - Jobs For VegansJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsSign inSign upJobsCompaniesJob AlertsPost a JobResume SearchPricingBlogVegan MainstreamAdvertise With UsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs15 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchLegal Management Writer/ Editor Strategy-Planning Chef/ Cook Finance Other Remote Job Full timeRefine by CategoriesNon-Profit (19) Biotech (4) Media-Journalism (4) Research (4) Marketing (3) Veterinary Services (3)Environmental (3) Engineering (2) Executive (2) Health Care (2) Administrative Assistant (2) Business Development (1) Customer Service (1) Education (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisCommunity Education SpecialistThe Open Sanctuary Project RemoteThe Open Sanctuary Project, Inc. is seeking a full time animal sanctuary Community Education Specialist. The Community Education Specialist will assist The Open Sanctuary Project in its mission to provide practical, actionable resources for animal sanctuaries, with a special emphasis on farmed animal sanctuaries, primarily focused on proven, effective methods to educate the public who visits and supports their organizations. Background Animal sanctuaries often categorize their nonprofit missions into two major categories: The intake and subsequent lifelong care of individual animals in dire need, and educational outreach to members of the public to help spare additional animals from systems of exploitation and harm, envisioning a world free from harm to animals of all kinds. Both of these mission goals are highly challenging endeavors in practice, requiring a substantial amount of knowledge, training, and specialized skills, with the average individual working...Jan 25, 2021Full timeThe Open Sanctuary Project, Inc. is seeking a full time animal sanctuary Community Education Specialist. The Community Education Specialist will assist The Open Sanctuary Project in its mission to provide practical, actionable resources for animal sanctuaries, with a special emphasis on farmed animal sanctuaries, primarily focused on proven, effective methods to educate the public who visits and supports their organizations. Background Animal sanctuaries often categorize their nonprofit missions into two major categories: The intake and subsequent lifelong care of individual animals in dire need, and educational outreach to members of the public to help spare additional animals from systems of exploitation and harm, envisioning a world free from harm to animals of all kinds. Both of these mission goals are highly challenging endeavors in practice, requiring a substantial amount of knowledge, training, and specialized skills, with the average individual working...Philanthropy Manager (home-based)The Good Food Institute Europe Remote (Europe)Working with major donors and grant-giving institutions to help protect people, animals and the planet Industrial animal agriculture is at the root of many of the most pressing global issues of our time, from climate change and global hunger, to antibiotic resistance and the exploitation of billions of animals annually. The Good Food Institute Europe (GFI Europe) is at the forefront of the movement to use food technology to replace the products of industrial animal agriculture with plant-based, fermentation-derived and cultivated meat, eggs, dairy, and seafood. Please check out our U.S. affiliate’s website and Year In Review to find out more about who we are, what we do, and why. We are looking for a Philanthropy Manager to drive GFI’s fundraising efforts in Europe. For more information about this role and our team, please take a look at the job brochure here . How You Will Make a Difference The work of GFI is entirely...Jan 25, 2021Full timeWorking with major donors and grant-giving institutions to help protect people, animals and the planet Industrial animal agriculture is at the root of many of the most pressing global issues of our time, from climate change and global hunger, to antibiotic resistance and the exploitation of billions of animals annually. The Good Food Institute Europe (GFI Europe) is at the forefront of the movement to use food technology to replace the products of industrial animal agriculture with plant-based, fermentation-derived and cultivated meat, eggs, dairy, and seafood. Please check out our U.S. affiliate’s website and Year In Review to find out more about who we are, what we do, and why. We are looking for a Philanthropy Manager to drive GFI’s fundraising efforts in Europe. For more information about this role and our team, please take a look at the job brochure here . How You Will Make a Difference The work of GFI is entirely...Chief of StaffCounterfactual Ventures London, UKCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) is a venture creation studio, a cofounder team formation program, an incubator and a venture capital fund. We aim to architect high-impact alternative protein startups (16 annually) to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Chief of Staff, you own a top-level view of the entire organization’s ecosystem. With our absurdly ambitious mission and so many moving parts in the process, Logan (the CEO) needs an exceptionally talented pair of hands to help implement strategic vision.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) is a venture creation studio, a cofounder team formation program, an incubator and a venture capital fund. We aim to architect high-impact alternative protein startups (16 annually) to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Chief of Staff, you own a top-level view of the entire organization’s ecosystem. With our absurdly ambitious mission and so many moving parts in the process, Logan (the CEO) needs an exceptionally talented pair of hands to help implement strategic vision.Head of Venture CreationCounterfactual VenturesCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Head of Venture Creation at CFV you will be in position to steer the alternative protein industry through researching, designing and building the foundations of industry-enabling startups. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal cofounders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into our incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Jan 14, 2021Full timeCounterfactual Ventures (CFV) architects high-impact alternative protein startups to enable a maximally sustainable, humane, healthy, just and secure future of food. As the Head of Venture Creation at CFV you will be in position to steer the alternative protein industry through researching, designing and building the foundations of industry-enabling startups. You will help the Talent Team identify optimal cofounders to carry 8 of these company concepts forward every 6 months into our incubation program and work closely with the Head of Incubation in supporting these young startups.Field Observer (Spanish Speaking)PETA Remote (location varies)Position Objective: To use a variety of undercover investigative methods to conduct field investigations in PETA's focus areas, including the use of animals for food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment Location: Varies based on assignment Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Travel to different states and temporarily stay on location for various assignments for as long as necessary, sometimes several months at a time • Conduct assigned short- and long-term field observations from beginning to end, including the following duties: o Prepare for and research assignments, as directed by the vice president o Visit and/or obtain employment in various industries that use animals o Submit daily log notes in a detailed and orderly fashion o Use photography and videography to document conditions and use of animals as well as illegal, cruel, and/or improper conduct o Behave legally and professionally and bring...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To use a variety of undercover investigative methods to conduct field investigations in PETA's focus areas, including the use of animals for food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment Location: Varies based on assignment Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Travel to different states and temporarily stay on location for various assignments for as long as necessary, sometimes several months at a time • Conduct assigned short- and long-term field observations from beginning to end, including the following duties: o Prepare for and research assignments, as directed by the vice president o Visit and/or obtain employment in various industries that use animals o Submit daily log notes in a detailed and orderly fashion o Use photography and videography to document conditions and use of animals as well as illegal, cruel, and/or improper conduct o Behave legally and professionally and bring...Media Relations OfficerPETA RemotePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objective: Media relationships are critical to PETA's methodology, and the media relations team is a crucial part of PETA's U.S. and international media campaign strategy. The media relations team develops and maintains relationships with the media, helps develop stories about PETA's work, and sets the approach for the presentation of those stories. The media relations officer will be a crucial part of that team and will be responsible for helping ensure its success for PETA. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: Establish, develop and maintain contacts with reporters, editors, podcast hosts, and producers who cover, or would be interested in covering, issues related to PETA’s work, across all media platforms. Research and identify appropriate local and national media outlets and podcasts for placing coverage of PETA's efforts, including critical investigative, legal, and corporate animal-protection campaigns. Develop story ideas to highlight PETA’s...Research SpecialistPETA Norfolk, VA, USAAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Jan 11, 2021Full timeAnimal rights advocacy organization seeks an excellent researcher with a strong academic background, solid detective skills, the ability to follow faint trails, and at least two years’ work experience and an advanced degree preferred. This position involves researching a wide variety of topics such as crocodile farming, cattle exports, and the training and housing of captive wildlife and domestic animals exploited in entertainment and for blood banks, applying critical thinking skills, preparing analyses for review, and submitting legal and government oversight agency complaints. Must support animal rights. Position Objective: To conduct research projects in order to help promote the goals of the organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Thoroughly investigate complex areas of animal exploitation and abuse, as assigned • Ensure factual accuracy and sourcing for a variety of projects related to PETA's campaign work • Consult with the information...Digital Fundraising AnalystPETA RemotePosition Objectives: To assist the PETA Foundation and supported organizations with online fundraising and lead-generation analysis. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • In consultation with PETA Foundation and its supported organizations and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by them: o Compile and distribute ad results and analysis. Including reporting on donations, leads, and reach. o Analyze the results of ad tests, including creative, landing page, and copy tests. o Set up, monitor, and report on tests in Google Optimize. o Monitor digital ad audience populations and identify segments of supporters for retargeting. o In Tableau, create visual reports, ensure existing reports are functional and up-to-date, and monitor data syncs. o Analyze overall donation behavior, including, but not limited to, identifying areas of opportunity that we may be able to move the needle with digital ads. o Identify,...Jan 11, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To assist the PETA Foundation and supported organizations with online fundraising and lead-generation analysis. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • In consultation with PETA Foundation and its supported organizations and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by them: o Compile and distribute ad results and analysis. Including reporting on donations, leads, and reach. o Analyze the results of ad tests, including creative, landing page, and copy tests. o Set up, monitor, and report on tests in Google Optimize. o Monitor digital ad audience populations and identify segments of supporters for retargeting. o In Tableau, create visual reports, ensure existing reports are functional and up-to-date, and monitor data syncs. o Analyze overall donation behavior, including, but not limited to, identifying areas of opportunity that we may be able to move the needle with digital ads. o Identify,...Social Media CoordinatorAnimal Place 17314 McCourtney Rd, Grass Valley, CA 95949, USAOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...Jan 11, 2021Full timeOrganization : Animal Place is a nonprofit sanctuary for farmed animals and an education/advocacy organization. It operates three shelters in northern California. Its headquarters is located on 600-acres in Grass Valley, (60 miles north of Sacramento). This position will be working out of the Grass Valley site. Position Objectives: To expand and maintain a thriving social media, expand our presence offline and online, and provide administrative assistance to the Programs Department Job Title: Social Media Coordinator Job Status: Full-Time, Grass Valley, CA Reports to: Program Director Responsibilities and Duties: Assist with the management of social media for the organization including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Blog, Pinterest, YouTube, TikTok Expand online presence Write articles/blogs related to Animal Place’s mission Create content related to Animal Place and its mission for social media channels Assist...International Head of Food Industry & RetailProVeg International GermanyProVeg has prioritised the food industry as one of our main focus areas within the theory of change model to achieve our vision of a world where everyone chooses healthy and delicious food that is good for all people, animals and the planet. By 2025, ProVeg's goals are to: Increase the proportion of people eating less or no animal foods (stimulate demand) Influence retailers, the food industry, public institutions, companies, policy and relevant decision-makers to offer more plant-based products and other alternatives to animal products and decrease any animal products on offer (change supply) Influence policy-makers and other relevant stakeholders to create a fit-for-purpose regulatory, socio-economic and educational environment to enable a significant global transition towards a sustainable plant-based and cultivated meat, eggs, dairy and seafood marketplace Influence investors, the food science and related research community, and other relevant stakeholders to...Jan 06, 2021Full timeProVeg has prioritised the food industry as one of our main focus areas within the theory of change model to achieve our vision of a world where everyone chooses healthy and delicious food that is good for all people, animals and the planet. By 2025, ProVeg's goals are to: Increase the proportion of people eating less or no animal foods (stimulate demand) Influence retailers, the food industry, public institutions, companies, policy and relevant decision-makers to offer more plant-based products and other alternatives to animal products and decrease any animal products on offer (change supply) Influence policy-makers and other relevant stakeholders to create a fit-for-purpose regulatory, socio-economic and educational environment to enable a significant global transition towards a sustainable plant-based and cultivated meat, eggs, dairy and seafood marketplace Influence investors, the food science and related research community, and other relevant stakeholders to...Headline WriterPETA Los Angeles, CA, USAPosition Description: PETA is looking for a smart, quick, and creative individual to hype up our animal rights campaigns into provocative written content that will change hearts. Were you an expert at \"clickbait\" before it was a thing? Is \"sensationalism\" your middle name? You should have experience writing and promoting content for a brand or nonprofit and/or experience working in a digital newsroom. You must be accustomed to writing, editing, and posting several headlines/stories daily. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced digital environment, is vegan, have true enthusiasm for the work, and be a champion for all animals. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Write catchy, exciting headlines for dozens of news articles, action alerts, emails, blogs, op-eds, and other articles daily • Follow breaking news in the animal rights world closely and suggest compelling stories to your manager daily • Write breaking news articles and/or other online...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Description: PETA is looking for a smart, quick, and creative individual to hype up our animal rights campaigns into provocative written content that will change hearts. Were you an expert at \"clickbait\" before it was a thing? Is \"sensationalism\" your middle name? You should have experience writing and promoting content for a brand or nonprofit and/or experience working in a digital newsroom. You must be accustomed to writing, editing, and posting several headlines/stories daily. The ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced digital environment, is vegan, have true enthusiasm for the work, and be a champion for all animals. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Write catchy, exciting headlines for dozens of news articles, action alerts, emails, blogs, op-eds, and other articles daily • Follow breaking news in the animal rights world closely and suggest compelling stories to your manager daily • Write breaking news articles and/or other online...EditorPETA RemotePosition Objective: To edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, including printed materials, internet content, and video text To provide copy editing and proofreading expertise while exercising good judgment and flagging concerns about content and organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: In consultation and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by PETA and its affiliates: o Edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, websites, and public communications—including news releases, correspondence, blogs, statements, fundraising materials, website copy, ad campaigns, video text, and other documents o Edit internal written materials created by staff members of PETA and its affiliates, including policies and procedures o Edit foreign language text (highly desirable but not required) Perform any other editorial functions assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objective: To edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, including printed materials, internet content, and video text To provide copy editing and proofreading expertise while exercising good judgment and flagging concerns about content and organization Primary Responsibilities and Duties: In consultation and verified compliance with the objectives, standards, and requirements communicated by PETA and its affiliates: o Edit PETA's and its affiliates' publications, websites, and public communications—including news releases, correspondence, blogs, statements, fundraising materials, website copy, ad campaigns, video text, and other documents o Edit internal written materials created by staff members of PETA and its affiliates, including policies and procedures o Edit foreign language text (highly desirable but not required) Perform any other editorial functions assigned by the supervisor Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or...Philanthropic Specialist, Gift PlanningPETA RemotePosition Objectives: To promote the inclusion of PETA in estate plans, and to develop and implement successful fundraising strategies to determine and realize the fundraising goals of PETA members Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Identify, solicit, and secure planned gifts opportunities with PETA members • Respond to requests from PETA members and the general public about planned gifts, major gifts, and real property gifts • Cultivate and maintain relationships through correspondence, visits, and other forms of professional contact with PETA members who are considering a legacy gift and who have made PETA the beneficiary of a planned gift, including members of PETA's Augustus Club • Maintain a current knowledge and a clear understanding of PETA's campaigns and activities as well as animal rights issues in general • Develop and implement successful fundraising strategies • Discern and document pertinent information in order to enhance and develop PETA...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: To promote the inclusion of PETA in estate plans, and to develop and implement successful fundraising strategies to determine and realize the fundraising goals of PETA members Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Identify, solicit, and secure planned gifts opportunities with PETA members • Respond to requests from PETA members and the general public about planned gifts, major gifts, and real property gifts • Cultivate and maintain relationships through correspondence, visits, and other forms of professional contact with PETA members who are considering a legacy gift and who have made PETA the beneficiary of a planned gift, including members of PETA's Augustus Club • Maintain a current knowledge and a clear understanding of PETA's campaigns and activities as well as animal rights issues in general • Develop and implement successful fundraising strategies • Discern and document pertinent information in order to enhance and develop PETA...Director of Digital MarketingPETA RemotePosition Objectives: PETA has the most-engaged social media audience of any advocacy organization. Sustain and grow PETA’s reach and online presence, be a visionary for PETA’s social efforts, and drive PETA’s messages, making sure they resonate with the public. Through innovative social media marketing, our Director of Digital Marketing will ensure our campaigns make a splash with influencers and the media, push forward PETA's edgy animal rights message, and are timely with current events and trends. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Supervise PETA's social media managers and live social media strategists • Oversee PETA's presence on social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram • Oversee PETA's live coverage on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat (including for protests, celebrity photoshoots, events breaking news, and more) • Oversee PETA's social media responding to the public and influencers • Work with other PETA...Jan 06, 2021Full timePosition Objectives: PETA has the most-engaged social media audience of any advocacy organization. Sustain and grow PETA’s reach and online presence, be a visionary for PETA’s social efforts, and drive PETA’s messages, making sure they resonate with the public. Through innovative social media marketing, our Director of Digital Marketing will ensure our campaigns make a splash with influencers and the media, push forward PETA's edgy animal rights message, and are timely with current events and trends. Primary Responsibilities and Duties: • Supervise PETA's social media managers and live social media strategists • Oversee PETA's presence on social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram • Oversee PETA's live coverage on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat (including for protests, celebrity photoshoots, events breaking news, and more) • Oversee PETA's social media responding to the public and influencers • Work with other PETA...Research ScientistFaunalytics RemoteFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Jan 06, 2021Full timeFaunalytics is now accepting applications for our Research Scientist position! Faunalytics is a nonprofit organization that empowers animal advocates with access to the research and data they need to reduce animal suffering. We conduct essential research, maintain an online research library, and directly support animal advocates and organizations in their work to save lives. Our Research Scientists play an integral role in our small team by conducting original research studies (including study design, data analysis, and reporting/presenting results) and supporting animal advocates via our direct support services. We’re looking for candidates with research expertise and a deep commitment to animal protection. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Designing rigorous scientific studies Managing data collection Analyzing quantitative and qualitative data Communicating results to a lay audience via written reports, infographics, oral...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedIn© 2009-2021 Powered by Vegan Mainstream"
