"Buy sitemap generator php script 일자리, 채용 | Freelancer운영 방법채용 정보 찾아보기Buy sitemap generator php script일자리저는 프리랜서를 채용하고 싶습니다. 저는 일을 하고 싶습니다.Freelancer일자리 검색buy sitemap generator php script5검색어위치 정보가 있습니까?검색필터내 최근 검색 기록필터링 기준:예산고정 가격 프로젝트최대시간당 프로젝트최대지속 시간 전체 기간 1주일 미만 1주에서 4주 1개월에서 3개월 3개월에서 6개월 6개월 이상 / 진행중 지정되지 않음콘테스트최대타이프하기지역 채용일자리 (파워형)일자리 (채용 도우미형)일자리 (풀타임)기술기술 항목 입력언어언어 입력프로젝트 진행 단계전체 프로젝트 (진행중) 전체 프로젝트 (진행 중 및 종료 단계)필터 적용최신 항목 우선 최저 예산 우선 최고 예산 우선 최소 입찰/응모 건수 최대 입찰/응모 건수557,846 buy sitemap generator php script 건 검색 완료, 금액 기준 - USDFirst Prev 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next LastTradingview Chart script 5 일 leftHello All i need tradingview chart script for my platform, Please bidd only if u have already script. My budget is 500 INR for this taskJavaScript PHP Python 소프트웨어 아키텍처 웹 스크랩핑$162 (Avg Bid)$162 평균 입찰가4 입찰지금 입찰Update core php project 5 일 left확인add new feature to core php script, it bootstrap front-end ,core php mvc design pattern , mysql database Developer must have +2 years experience in php projects , Please check carefully the requirement at the project attachment files then write your bid and open chat with me. project timeframe is 2 days I will share cpanel login credentials after finish agreement and you accept the milestone Thank...JavaScript MVC MySQL PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처$34 (Avg Bid)$34 평균 입찰가5 입찰지금 입찰Design a shirt and business card 5 일 leftDesign a shirt and business card for my business APE ELECTRONICS with my phone number and clip att of an APE holding and iPhone. I do iPhone repair and also buy sell and trade phones. Below is the current design그래픽 디자인 로고 디자인 포토샵 포토샵 디자인 티셔츠$34 (Avg Bid)$34 평균 입찰가40 입찰지금 입찰A designer with wordpress/php knowledge needed 5 일 leftA designer with wordpress/php knowledge needed, we just rebranded our company and we need someone who can design a very sophisticated website for our company using UI Design. please send me your quote그래픽 디자인 HTML PHP 웹사이트 디자인 워드프레스$472 (Avg Bid)$472 평균 입찰가56 입찰지금 입찰google maps API crawling script to excel database 5 일 leftWe need a script based on google maps API to do the following: input multiple countries (UK, Germany, France, US etc) and multiple keyword terms such (restaurants, bars etc) to request data from the API and export to [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] data we need to export is name, street address, email, telephone, web address, the keyword and country search term.구글 앱 엔진 구글 맵스 API PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처 웹 스크랩핑$243 (Avg Bid)$243 평균 입찰가15 입찰지금 입찰New freelancer /PHP programming work needed at low budget 5 일 left확인I need some easy tasks in PHP programming. I need at low budget I need for long term그래픽 디자인 HTML MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인$4 / hr (Avg Bid)$4 / hr 평균 입찰가23 입찰지금 입찰Build me a ecommerce website selling mobile apps 5 일 left확인I want a website that is built for people that are wanting to go in to the mobile app industry. Where they come to the website and can buy reskined apps for them customising there theme, name of the app, screenshots for additional costs and so on. There would be different sort of apps available to buy from the website and payment will be made through card or paypal. I arleady have the website do...전자 상거래 그래픽 디자인 HTML PHP 웹사이트 디자인$324 (Avg Bid)$324 평균 입찰가46 입찰지금 입찰randomrize generator 5 일 leftI have requested an application that reads student names from a Google spreadsheet and randomizes all the names in \"base groups\" and spreads the students according to a classroom model. The task is to create a program in the programming language Python in the environment \"Google Colab\" that solves that task. I know it is not explained to well so I will give you a document with...C 프로그래밍 자바 Machine Learning (ML) Python 소프트웨어 아키텍처$155 (Avg Bid)$155 평균 입찰가13 입찰지금 입찰Improve a Pine Script TradingView Study 5 일 left확인I have written a single Pine Script Study to evaluate 7 coins average deviations, and I need to improve printing results on chart, for instance, as a panel.Pine Script$133 (Avg Bid)$133 평균 입찰가3 입찰지금 입찰Fixing php opencart payment gateway error 5 일 leftHi. I have an opencart store. I have upgraded the payment gateway ( paytabs). Yet, I am getting attached error once the user checkout. this happens only when using http not https. I need someone to fix it.전자 상거래 HTML PHP 쇼핑 카트 웹사이트 디자인$31 (Avg Bid)$31 평균 입찰가15 입찰지금 입찰비공개 프로젝트 또는 콘테스트 #29062340 5 일 left보다 자세한 내용을 확인하시려면, 회원 가입 또는 로그인 절차가 필요합니다.Python지금 입찰PHP - Make a profile page 5 일 leftIn the profile page i need the user to be able to : - Change password - Change name - Stats (Number of comment...) I have all the website and database (You'll need to use mysqli)HTML MySQL PHP$23 (Avg Bid)$23 평균 입찰가26 입찰지금 입찰Project setup 5 일 left확인Mobile API Project details - Language used: Typescript. (When generates bill then it auto converts into javascript on the server-side.) - Database: PostgreSQL - Problem statement: We are unable to get the package installed properly as well as we are unable to get swagger page. We not used node directly in the project. The project is developed in typescript only. - Just for reference, check below p...익스프레스 JS JavaScript Node.js PostgreSQL Typescript$14 - $41봉인$14 - $413 입찰지금 입찰Podio CRM Addition -- 2 5 일 left확인I am looking to add new functionality to my Podio CRM 1) Create a List manager and List Stacker Application Main characteristics of a Stacker/List Manager 1) Lists uploaded can be labeled 2) Lists uploaded can also be tagged 3) Filters let you filter on tags and labels a) The lead manager app will be used to ensure we are working new leads. For example, ...CRM Mobile App Development PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처 소프트웨어 개발$545 (Avg Bid)$545 평균 입찰가18 입찰지금 입찰power generator with speaker 5 일 leftmy project consists of transforming the energy of moving loudspeakers into energy at a symmetrically volatile speed for the use of energy reuse. this project fits in various situations in the case of party shows or even using sound in places without power a idea is to set aside generators reusing movement made by loudspeakers during use it is considered considering the variable this project has a...자동차 전기 공학 전자 공학 공학$500 (Avg Bid)$500 평균 입찰가1 입찰지금 입찰PHP Application 5 일 left확인I have attached the dashboard html file. Grocery Application should be linked to Online Purchase There will be 3 roles [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] 2. User 3. Admin Process of the application 1.	Vendor will post grocery item with photo, price and quantity 2.	User can view and buy grocery item. Order will go to cart 3.	On Checkout – A checkout page will open up which will require filling data...HTML JavaScript MySQL PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처$285 (Avg Bid)$285 평균 입찰가18 입찰지금 입찰Wordpress developer with strong PHP knowsedge 5 일 left확인We are looking for a wordpress developer who can develope any feature according to our need. We are building a marketplace and for now we just need a member subscription feature. We will use squareup as payment gateway for the subscription.CSS HTML MySQL PHP 워드프레스$195 (Avg Bid)$195 평균 입찰가25 입찰지금 입찰Email Cleaning script issue 5 일 leftWe have developed Email Cleaning script , but there is some error in php script , resource related , details will be provided during chat..HTML JavaScript MySQL PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처$26 (Avg Bid)$26 평균 입찰가8 입찰지금 입찰Fix my written chat script 5 일 left확인Required before starting 1- Programming the mysql database instead of the existing mongedb. Without losing any advantage 2- Run it on Linux server and provide boot and install method 3–or or TeamViewer Server installation via a program AnyDesk 4- The project does not accept tampering if files are sent to you and you cannot withdraw them, and they must be completed in the required time. So ...리눅스 MySQL Node.js NoSQL 카우치 및 몽고$406 (Avg Bid)$406 평균 입찰가8 입찰지금 입찰Looking for PHP Code Ignitor (CI) Developer -- 2 5 일 left확인I am looking for 2 developers for long term to work with on full time basis (8 hrs a day) monday to saturday. CANDIDATE: EXPERIENCE: 1 to 3 years. (Senior Resource not required) SKILL: CODE IGNITOR, mySQL, HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP and other associated skills. DIVERSITY Candidate will have preference. BUDGET : (STRICTLY FIXED BUDGET) Full Time: 20-30 k monthly for 8 hrs a day Part Time: 8-15k mont...부트스트랩 Codeigniter MySQL$215 (Avg Bid)$215 평균 입찰가6 입찰지금 입찰Complete a php based ecommerce website - some features remaining 5 일 left확인An ecommerce website was in progress but developer left it and not reachable. Need this to be completed. 1. Sign up / sign in is not thru mobile and otp - not linked to table used by app 2. Add/Edit Address not in profile section + address not forced during registration 3. Serviceable area check not done 4. Delivery boy auto assignment not done 5. Delivery charges partially coded - by distan...HTML JavaScript MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인$299 (Avg Bid)$299 평균 입찰가13 입찰지금 입찰Need PHP Backend and Flutter Expert 5 일 left확인Looking for a cheap and long term Backend and Flutter Expert for one project i bought from codecanyon I share more details in chatFlutter PHP$40 (Avg Bid)$40 평균 입찰가14 입찰지금 입찰Edit WPJobster Coding For Adult Website 5 일 left확인We are looking to use WPJobster to create an adult themed marketplace for people to buy and sell. This requires customising the code to be able to achieve this. We are looking for someone to work for 5 hours to help us customise the script. Please respond by showing a WPJobster website you have edited and outline the custom code changes you have done. This is the only reply we require for you. An...CSS HTML MySQL 워드프레스$15 / hr (Avg Bid)$15 / hr 평균 입찰가27 입찰지금 입찰Fix my Website in PHP Lavarel or CodeIgnitor not sure. 5 일 leftFix my Website in PHP Lavarel or CodeIgnitor not sure. Need 3 Criteriea. 1) Add taking flight for Drop Down box as filter. Database already has this feild. 2) Allow larger Attachment and Allow to View/Print Attachment. These (allow att/view /print) are already there I believe just to allow for larger attachment or attachment file type/ 3) Not totaling Amount Correctly. PS see screen shots....Codeigniter HTML JavaScript Laravel PHP$28 (Avg Bid)$28 평균 입찰가20 입찰지금 입찰Updating the wordpress website - gravity form and all of the plugins to the latest version and should runs properly using PHP 7.3 (ea-php73) -- 2 5 일 left확인THIS WEBSITE PURPOSE - FEATURE 1. This website is a website for online registration. so the registrant fills in the data and after completion the system will send the results of data entry to the admin and to the registrant. 2. The entry form on this website has features including image attachments, signatures and sending results of entries in pdf format. 3. The website is equipped with a \"Vi...HTML 자바 PHP 서식 파일 워드프레스$66 (Avg Bid)$66 평균 입찰가13 입찰지금 입찰Rebuild OUR Directory Network IN PHP 8.0.x 5 일 left확인Stage 1. Rebuild OUR Directory Network IN PHP 8.0.x Stage 2. Import Old DirectoriesHTML MySQL PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처 웹사이트 디자인$29 / hr (Avg Bid)$29 / hr 평균 입찰가24 입찰지금 입찰I want Customization of open source code cake php script 5 일 leftI want Customization of open source code cake php script [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] in Header in footer [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] of some options in Registration form and integration of social loginCSS HTML JavaScript PHP 워드프레스$19 (Avg Bid)$19 평균 입찰가9 입찰지금 입찰Need to make website in core php or any framework only 5 일 left확인Need to make website in core php or any framework onlyHTML JavaScript MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인$113 (Avg Bid)$113 평균 입찰가21 입찰지금 입찰PHP/WordPress expert required to make bespoke customization to PHP based SaaS web application (Read first -- 2 5 일 left확인I have purchased a PHP based Saas script, and I need some bespoke customizations needed in that script. And then I am going to have a landing page created in WordPress, which the developer then need to connect the SaaS script model to WordPress landing page. Also the developer should come up with the way that the bespoke customizations will not be effected by Future version upgrades provided by ...HTML MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인 워드프레스$148 (Avg Bid)$148 평균 입찰가11 입찰지금 입찰Grease Monkey Script Writer 5 일 leftI need a grease monkey / tamper monkey to write some codes for my website.JavaScript Scripting$40 (Avg Bid)$40 평균 입찰가1 입찰지금 입찰Create dynamic database in phpmyadmin using PHP Script. 5 일 leftCreate a dynamic database in PHPMyAdmin using PHP Script.JavaScript MySQL PHP phpMyAdmin$20 (Avg Bid)$20 평균 입찰가11 입찰지금 입찰Mình cần một người code trang web proxy bằng PHP 5 일 leftMình cần một người code trang web proxy bằng PHP VD: [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] Ai thực hiện được xin hãy báo giá phía dưới mình liên hệ lại sau.HTML JavaScript PHP 소프트웨어 아키텍처 웹사이트 디자인$199 (Avg Bid)$199 평균 입찰가1 입찰지금 입찰i need a bitcoin node with Web API (PHP) 5 일 leftI need a Bitcoin node with all the basic Web API features. Send bitcoin, create new address, check address balance, address transactions e.t.c We don't have to download the whole blockchain. Please bid only if you know what this means and be sure you can do it cos i will ask you very technical questions. Begin with my BID CODE 09034 so i would be sure its not an automated response!API Bitcoin PHP Web API$604 (Avg Bid)$604 평균 입찰가25 입찰지금 입찰Linux Script for ping check of IP 5 일 leftHi, Here are project details: Bash or Python script for ping check of IP list ( 6-7 IPs), for check is IP rechable. This should be checked through proxy connection for geolocation checking. If IP is not rechable, then it should issue action.리눅스 Python 쉘 스크립트 소프트웨어 아키텍처 우분투(Ubuntu)$26 (Avg Bid)$26 평균 입찰가5 입찰지금 입찰PHP Developer Required for https://www.da.sg/ -- 3 5 일 leftONLY FREELANCERS CAN BID. NO AGENCIES AND NO PROJECT MANAGERS. 1. Please see attached. Please do not bid if you can't see the attached. 2. Need to do the work as attached. I will provide cpanel to work on. No other details to give.CSS HTML MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인$25 (Avg Bid)$25 평균 입찰가7 입찰지금 입찰Buying&Selling Website 5 일 leftI would like to create a platform where people sell their products (digital in this case) and other users buy them and I take a little percentage of the transation. I don't wanna give more information because I'm so jealous of this idea xd, but I would like to know your quotes to create a similar type of website. Example: [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.]그래픽 디자인 HTML PHP 웹사이트 디자인$1501 (Avg Bid)$1501 평균 입찰가91 입찰지금 입찰Ready-made classifieds php CI script 5 일 leftLooking for a ready made classifieds script using codeigniter framework. Only bid if you have such a script ready and send me link to front-end and back-end to check the live script.CakePHP Codeigniter HTML MySQL PHP$142 (Avg Bid)$142 평균 입찰가5 입찰지금 입찰Need a complete responsive Website . From making a website to taking a domain to doing everything . 5 일 leftYou need to make a website for me. It's a PC building Website that can also take payments. Products details, the price fluctuates and that must be changeable by us. The website must be responsive and you must teach us how to maintain the website, how to buy the domain, how to manage the web services & server.CSS 그래픽 디자인 HTML PHP 웹사이트 디자인$143 (Avg Bid)$143 평균 입찰가21 입찰지금 입찰Tradingview Indicator Backtest Script 5 일 left확인Create a simple backtest strategy for a built-in indicator in Trading View using pine editor.Pine Script$118 (Avg Bid)$118 평균 입찰가6 입찰지금 입찰looking for cake php developer 5 일 leftLooking for a CakePHP developer to build me a widget that can pull in reviews. Design a way for a web widget that can then update and pull in reviews from these sites, Google, Yelp, Facebook, [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.], Trustpilot, Angieslist, RateMDs, Zocdoc, Opentable, consumer affairs, Tripadvisor and pull in reviews twice a day. The web widget should be able to display the review rating of ea...CakePHP HTML MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인$835 (Avg Bid)$835 평균 입찰가10 입찰지금 입찰Add page to a java script 5 일 left확인I need some changes to an existing website. I already have a design, I just need you to build a landing page.자바 PHP 웹사이트 디자인 젠드$27 (Avg Bid)$27 평균 입찰가15 입찰지금 입찰iPhone/iPad App/android app 5 일 leftHi I am looking for an app developer who has experience in cryptocurrency/blockchain app development to build a new crypto currency portfolio tracker which will be available on ios and android The app should allow the users to see the following : Buy and sell price Price percentage change Real time alerts of changes in price threshold such as when a coin drops below and rises above a certain price...안드로이드 아이패드 아이폰 Mobile App Development 오브젝티브-C$1139 (Avg Bid)$1139 평균 입찰가10 입찰지금 입찰Responsive Website Development (PHP Laravel) and Graphical Designing 5 일 left확인I am looking for an expert website developer, and graphics designer, to design and develop our fintech website in Laravel PHP, and also design various graphics materials to be used in the website. The website should be responsive, and highly corporate. It should be easy to edit the contents of the website, even for someone with no coding skills, to ensure that content can easily be changed, edit...CSS 그래픽 디자인 HTML PHP 웹사이트 디자인$167 (Avg Bid)$167 평균 입찰가34 입찰지금 입찰Build a simple Google Sheet (with Apps Script) to download financial data via API -- 2 5 일 leftI would like to have someone write a few lines of code to connect a Google Sheet via API to [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] to download historical data for crypto \"funding rates\". Documentation is included here: [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.]Excel VBA Google Sheets RESTful API$71 (Avg Bid)$71 평균 입찰가9 입찰지금 입찰Expert in PHP XAMP 5 일 left확인I am looking for an expert in PHP XampPHP$108 (Avg Bid)$108 평균 입찰가16 입찰지금 입찰hindi script writer for my youtube low budget channel 5 일 lefti cannot offer huge amount but give you topics every week to write scripts in hindi문서 재작성 Article Writing 콘텐츠 작성 대필 학술연구 저작$9 (Avg Bid)$9 평균 입찰가19 입찰지금 입찰Build a simple Google Sheet (with Apps Script) to download financial data via API 5 일 left확인I would like to have someone write a few lines of code to connect a Google Sheet via API to [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.] to download historical data for crypto \"funding rates\". Documentation is included here: [로그인하시면, URL을 확인하실 수 있습니다.]Google Sheets RESTful API$36 (Avg Bid)$36 평균 입찰가4 입찰지금 입찰Develop Amazon flex script bot 5 일 leftI need someone to develop Amazon flex script bot or who has a developed Amazon flex script bot so I can buy, I need it quickly please아마존 웹 Services 자바 JavaScript MySQL 소프트웨어 아키텍처$180 (Avg Bid)$180 평균 입찰가1 입찰지금 입찰비공개 프로젝트 또는 콘테스트 #29058444 5 일 left보다 자세한 내용을 확인하시려면, 회원 가입 또는 로그인 절차가 필요합니다.C 프로그래밍 C# 프로그래밍 C++ 프로그래밍 Metatrader 소프트웨어 아키텍처지금 입찰Php Expert Programmer Needed 5 일 left확인Hi we are a digital agency and we are in search of some one who is good in php and mysql to build features we would need.HTML JavaScript MySQL PHP 웹사이트 디자인$213 (Avg Bid)$213 평균 입찰가31 입찰지금 입찰응모작 201번에서 250번까지 - 557,846건의 응모작 중페이지당 결과 갯수20 50 75 100First Prev 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Last기타 분야: buy sitemap generator php scriptfree favicon generator php script , hit generator php script , proposal generator php script , rapid link premium generator php script , megaupload multiple premium link generator php script , glitter generator php script , megaupload premium generator php script 2009 , glitter generator php script f , link generator php script premium , website thumbnail generator php script , free profile layout generator php script , myspace layout generator php script , megaupload premium link generator php script download , name generator php script , xml sitemap validator php script , auto content generator php script bot poster , glittering text generator php script , dynamic xml sitemap generator php script프리랜서를 채용하여 처리하실 일이 있습니까?회원 가입을 하고, 그 다음에 필요한 작업 내용을 작성하고 나서 불과 몇 초만에 무료로 견적서를 받아보는 일, 이 전체 과정에 그 어떤 비용도 들지 않습니다.프로젝트 설명을 여기에 입력하십시오.프로젝트 게시하기한국어 - Korea, Republic of도움말 및 지원 요청프리랜서카테고리프로젝트콘테스트프리랜서Freelancer 엔터프라이즈선호 프리랜서 프로그램프로젝트 관리지역 채용공개 작업전개발자용 API소개회사 소개운영 방법보안투자자사이트맵이용 후기뉴스약관개인 정보 보호 정책이용 약관저작권 보호 정책행동 강령수수료 및 이용요금앱---등록 사용자---게시된 일자리Freelancer ® is a registered Trademark of Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 141 959 042)Copyright © 2021 Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 141 959 042)"
