"Targeted Physician Job Boards(TPJBS)- Physician Job Board – Physician Openings – Physician Employment – Physician Opportunities - Physician Job positions-Physician OpeningsJob SearchAbout USContact USSitemapTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyTestimonialCPH# JOB-2630873 - OB/GYN Needed Just off the Coast of TexasCPH# JOB-2630873 - OB/GYN Needed Just off the Coast of TexasCPH# JOB-2630873 - OB/GYN Needed Just off the Coast of TexasA new OB/GYN opportunity is now available in Texas at an established hospital. They are hiring an additional physician to support the growing patient census. You will work a traditional with call 3 - 4 times per month. Applicants should be board certified or board eligible. If you do not hold an active TX license, CompHealth has a licensing team to help you with the processing and application, if necessary. <P> This position has partnership potential and a competitive compensation package. You will also receive a sign-on bonus, malpractice insurance, medical benefits, vacation, CME time, a retirement plan, and relocation assistance. <P> Victoria has all the amenities of larger communities including great shopping with local, regional and national merchants, an acclaimed symphony, Community Theater and Ballet Theater, museums, a 12-screen cinema complex, 27-hole public golf course, t...CPH# JOB-2659263 - A Practice in Coastal Texas Needs an OB/GYNCPH# JOB-2659263 - A Practice in Coastal Texas Needs an OB/GYNCPH# JOB-2659263 - A Practice in Coastal Texas Needs an OB/GYNAn established and growing private practice in Texas is planning to hire an additional OB/GYN as one of the senior physicians is starting to work less. Come and join 3 physicians and 2 nurse practitioners. The incoming physician will work clinic days and hospital days, rotated between three physicians. Surgery days are as needed. There will be a weekend call schedule that is rotated every 3 weeks. New graduates and recently trained physicians are welcomed as there is excellent mentoring available. J-1 and H-1B visa candidates can be supported. <P> You will receive a competitive compensation with medical benefits, life/disability insurance, vacation/PTO, and relocation assistance. <P> Come work in Brownsville and let the climate, people, and the tropical breeze sweep you away in a serene paradise unlike anywhere else. It is rich in South Texas heritage and located in the South Texas ...CPH# JOB-2659346 - OB/GYN Needed in Thriving Southern Texas PracticeCPH# JOB-2659346 - OB/GYN Needed in Thriving Southern Texas PracticeCPH# JOB-2659346 - OB/GYN Needed in Thriving Southern Texas PracticeCompHealth is currently assisting a private practice in Texas with their search for n OB/GYN. They need assistance with the growing patient census. They welcome candidates that are board certified and board eligible. This facility has academic affiliation and a daVinci robot available. CompHealth has a licensing team that can help you with the processing and application of a TX medical license, if necessary. <P> This partnership-track opportunity has a competitive compensation package. You will also be offered full medical benefits, life insurance/disability, relocation assistance, a retirement plan, and malpractice insurance. <P> You will enjoy living in this coastal Texas town that offers 365 days of tropical weather. This is a scenic and cultural place like no other. It is known as Texas's tropical playground, and it is located a short 40 minutes from South Padre Island. The area...CPH# JOB-2657987 - OB/GYN Need in Southeastern Texas Family-Friendly CommunityCPH# JOB-2657987 - OB/GYN Need in Southeastern Texas Family-Friendly CommunityCPH# JOB-2657987 - OB/GYN Need in Southeastern Texas Family-Friendly CommunityA practice in Texas is planning to hire an additional OB/GYN due to growth. The clinic hours are Monday through Thursday from 8 am to 5 pm, and Friday from 8 am to 12 pm. You will enjoy flexible office and OR hours. The call is 1:5 weekends and the weekdays are split evenly. ER call is presently from 7 am to 7 am. The ideal candidate will be robotics trained. The hospital offers a positive, patient-focused environment providing the highest level of care possible for the community. <P> This hospital-employed opportunity has an income guarantee and a sign-on bonus. You will be offered a medical benefits, 3 weeks of PTO, 1 week of CME with stipend, paid malpractice insurance, and relocation assistance. <P> You will enjoy living and working in Beaumont, Texas. It is located on the Neches River that provides a lot of outdoor activities. It is approximately 90 miles east of Houston. <P> ...CPH# JOB-2653587 - OB/GYN Opportunity in TexasCPH# JOB-2653587 - OB/GYN Opportunity in TexasCPH# JOB-2653587 - OB/GYN Opportunity in TexasA ground-floor opportunity is available in Texas to an OB/GYN. Share an office with 2 other OB/GYNs in a brand-new medical office building. The call will be 1:4 as a locums physician assists with call only coverage. The hospital will have a standard nursery, however, their standard will be for babies to room with mom. They will not have a NICU upon opening. <P> This employed position offers a competitive salary of $300K. You will also receive health benefits, 21 days of vacation, relocation assistance, a sign-on, life insurance/disability, 5 days of CME with a $3,000 stipend, a 403b retirement plan, and malpractice insurance. <P> CompHealth is a national leader in healthcare staffing, serving providers in more than 100 specialties. With available positions in all 50 states, we can help you find an opportunity in the area and type of facility that best fits your needs. <P> If you a...Loan Forgiveness Available Near San Antonio, TexasLoan Forgiveness Available Near San Antonio, TexasLoan Forgiveness Available Near San Antonio, TexasHospital employed OBGYN opportunity close to San Antonio, TX. Newly expanded OB wing of the hospital to include 19 LDRP suites with a Level 1 nursery. On average, the hospital has 60-80 deliveries per month. Physicians can feel confident with the nursery care at the Hospital with a fellowship trained Neonatologist and a well-seasoned Pediatrician caring for the newborns.Report to Hospital with 1:5 Call Ratio. Annual Salary. Production Incentives available. Loan Forgiveness available. Signing Bonus available, contact us for details. Relocation Bonus available. CME time available. daVinci is available for those desiring to use it.West Texas Loan Forgiveness PossibleWest Texas Loan Forgiveness PossibleWest Texas Loan Forgiveness PossibleJoin an established multi-specialty group in a 200 bed facility in the southeastern New Mexico/ west Texas region. There are over 12 employed providers and nine clinics throughout the area. Experience fantastic weather year round with good schools, high quality housing options and a low cost of living. This is a family-oriented community that offers everything you need to thrive in your practice. Multi Specialty Group Employee, Traditional. Annual Salary. Loan Forgiveness possible. Signing Bonus possible, contact us for details. Relocation Bonus available. CME time available.Laredo Loan ForgivenessLaredo Loan ForgivenessLaredo Loan ForgivenessA historic Texas hospital is seeking a board certified or board eligible OBGYN. The facility is absolutely gorgeous. The ideal candidate will be experienced, and bilingual in Spanish is a huge plus. This is a low call opportunity with loan forgiveness and competitive pay. Join a financially secure group in a great town!Hospital Employee, Traditional. 1:8 Call Ratio. Competitive Annual Salary. Loan Forgiveness available. Signing Bonus available, contact us for details. Relocation Bonus available. CME time and money available. daVinci is available for those desiring to use it.Teaching Opportunities near the Texas BorderTeaching Opportunities near the Texas BorderTeaching Opportunities near the Texas BorderImmediate need for an OB/GYN in a lake community in Oklahoma near the north TX border. Residency program offers teaching opportunities.Hospital Employee, Traditional. 1:6 Call Ratio. Annual Salary. WRVU production incentives. Loan Forgiveness possible. Signing Bonus available, contact us for details. Residency/Fellowship Stipend possible. Relocation Bonus available. CME time and money available.Dallas/Ft Worth, Income GuaranteeDallas/Ft Worth, Income GuaranteeDallas/Ft Worth, Income GuaranteeJust 30 minutes from Fort Worth, this outstanding regional center in Texas is searching for two Board Certified/Eligible OB/GYNs to join a group located in the land of lakes and pecan plantations. This is a growing community and the hospital has a service population of 50,000 and is expected to grow significantly over the next ten years, and the area has a thriving economy and great school systems.Robotic Gynecological Surgery with Fire Fly Technology. Maternal Fetal Telemedicine. Competitive Salary (Income Guarantee). Sign-on bonus! Relocation!. PTO and CME Reimbursement. Student Loan Debt Assistance. Excellent benefits package.Obstetrics and Gynecology Physician jobs in Texas19Job SearchAbout USContact USSitemapTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyTestimonialFacebookTwitterLinkedInGoogle Plus© Targeted Physician Job Boards - All Rights Reserved"
