"Job Candidate Privacy Notice | Capital on Tap | Capital on TapBusiness Credit CardsHow it worksAbout usUKUKESLOGIN APPLYUKUKESBusiness Credit CardsHow it worksAbout usLOGINAPPLYJob Candidate Privacy Notice - Applying for a role at Capital on TapCapital on Tap Ltd company number: 07959823 70 Wilson Street, London, England, EC2A 2DB.We are Capital on Tap (New Wave Capital Ltd), and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy notice sets out the personal information we collect when you apply for a job with us and how we treat your data.The data we collect about you during our recruitment process​:● Your name and contact information● Your work and educational history● The country you’re applying from and your right to work in the UK● Any information you provide through potential take-home tests● Details of your current and/or desired salary and other things relating to compensation and benefits packages● Your current notice period● If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence● A record of your progress through any hiring process● Details of any special needs you want us to know about, so we can make adjustments for your interview● Our applicant tracking system is Greenhouse. This provides us with the facility to link your profile with other publicly available information about you that you have published on the internet - this may include your LinkedIn profile.● Details about former managers or colleagues you want us to contact as referees● The results of your background checks from background checking agencies we work with. This will include information about criminal convictions if you have a record.We may receive your personal data from a third party who recommends you as a candidate for a specific job opening or for our business more generally. This may include recruitment agencies or other recruitment platforms.At Capital on Tap, we are fully focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, ability, national origin and all the other characteristics that make us who we are. We want to be a place where a diverse mix of talented people want to come and do their best work and most importantly feel included and that they can be their authentic selves. We welcome, consider and encourage applications from anyone that shares this passion.In order to measure and track our progress and remain committed to our goal of having a diverse community, we would encourage you to declare how you identify. We only ever ask for this information for our diversity and inclusion monitoring and store the data in an anonymised format. All of the questions we ask are optional and will not affect your application. You don't have to share this with us and we won't consider it as part of your application. If you choose not to share this info, it won't harm your application in any way.The data we collect may include:● Your age● Your racial or ethnic origin● Your gender identity● Your sexual orientation● If you have disabilitiesWhy we collect your dataData protection laws outline that we need to have a legal basis for using your personal data. At least one of the following must apply:● Contractual duty: This is when we need the information to process your application to enter into an employment (or other) contract with you● Legal duty: This is when a law or regulation says we must collect the information to decide if we can enter into an employment (or other) contract with you.● Legitimate interest: To assess your application, for research and analysis purposes and to communicate with you and third parties where appropriate. It means using data in a way that you expect us to, for a reason which is in your and/or our (or a third party’s) interest and which doesn't override your rights.How we use your dataWe use information held about you in the following ways:● To consider your application in respect of a role for which you have applied.● To consider your application in respect of other roles.● To communicate with you in respect of the recruitment process.● To enhance any information that we receive from you with information obtained from third-party data providers.● To find appropriate candidates to fill our job openings.● To conduct our background employment checks.● To make sure that you have a right to work in the UK or apply for a work visa on your behalf.● To learn about your fitness and suitability for a Senior Manager Role (as part of the Financial Conduct Authority’s ‘fit and proper test’).● To run our recruitment and promotion processes (including our applicant tracking system).● To keep a copy of your application data if you let us know you want to be considered for other roles.● To continuously reflect and develop our hiring practices to ensure that our processes encourage talent regardless of their background, sex, race, etc.Who we share your data with● Companies that help us recruit, and need to process your details. This includes recruitment agencies that help us to recruit candidates for our roles.● Our background check provider.● Our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse and our HR system, HiBob.● The FCA and other authorities. We have a legal duty to let the FCA know about certain roles that we fill under the Senior Manager and Certification Regime.How we store your dataWe take appropriate measures to ensure that all personal data is kept secure including security measures to prevent personal data from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner.We store your data in our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. The data that We collect from you and process using this system may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (\"EEA\"). By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of this information.How long we keep your data forIf your application is unsuccessful, we delete some of your information immediately, like the results of criminal record checks. We keep other data for at least six months after we close the hiring process, in case we face a legal challenge about our decision.The further you get in the application process, the longer we’re likely to keep your information. If you want us to delete your personal data sooner (from six months after we end the hiring process), you can email us at ​careers@capitalontap.com​. If you tell us that you want to be considered for other roles, we keep your details for up to two years.Your rightsUnder the General Data Protection Regulation, you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:● Access the personal data we hold about you (make a data subject access request)● Ask for a copy of your personal data● Make us correct inaccurate data● Ask us to delete, block or suppress your data● Withdraw any consent you’ve given usPlease contact ​careers@capitalontap.com if you would like to exercise any of these rights.How to make a complaintIf you have a complaint about how we use your information, please email us at careers@capitalontap.com​ and we’ll do our best to resolve your issue.The ​General Data Protection Regulation​ also gives you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner. For more details, visit their website at ico.org.uk.Questions?Please email ​careers@capitalontap.com​ if you have any questions about the content of this notice.COMPANYHomeAbout usContact usBlogCareersPRODUCTSmall Business Credit CardsRewards Credit CardsHow Our Credit Cards WorkOverdraftsRESOURCESGuidesFAQOpen BankingSitemapLegalTerms of UseCookiesPrivacy PolicyModern Slavery Statement© Copyright 2021 . New Wave Capital Limited, company number 07959823, trading name of Capital on Tap™. Registered in England and Wales, registered office No.1 London Bridge, London, England, SE1 9BG. New Wave Capital Limited are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) license number 625592. Capital on Tap is a trademark of New Wave Capital Limited. Registered in England and Wales with the United Kingdom Intellectual Property Office. All rights reserved.is a trademark owned by Visa International Service Association and used under license."
