"Pritzker: Lower property taxes, more jobs on to-do list - News - Rockford Register Star - Rockford, ILSectionsNewsSportsElectionCOVID-19ObituariesE-EditionCarsJobsHomesClassifiedsSite1999-Present1888-1999Pritzker: Lower property taxes, more jobs on to-do listBy Bernard SchoenburgThe (Springfield) State Journal-RegisterTuesdayJan 14, 2020 at 11:00 AMGovernor sets out to-do list as his second year in office beginsSPRINGFIELD — Illinois Gov. JB Pritzker has set out a to-do list as his second year in office begins: work with the General Assembly to ease the local property-tax burden, root out corruption and bring jobs to the state.But he's also touting several accomplishments of his inaugural year as governor: a higher minimum wage, a $45 billion state construction plan and revenue to pay the cost, legalization of adult-use marijuana and sports betting, and a consolidation plan for hundreds of downstate police and fire pension funds. He also brokered bipartisan support for a state budget which included business incentives sought by Republicans. And while some states acted to cut back on abortion, Pritzker signed a law he said will “guarantee as a fundamental right” the right to choose.“I’m excited about all the change that we’ve been able to introduce and get done in just the first year here,” Pritzker said in an interview with The State Journal-Register, a sister paper of the Register Star, leading up to the anniversary of his Jan. 14, 2019, inauguration. “There’s certainly a lot more to do. … I knew that we needed to get a lot of big things done in Illinois, and we did.”Pritzker and fellow Democrats put a constitutional amendment on the November 2020 ballot to allow a progressive income tax. The governor says only the top 3 percent of earners would pay more under such a plan. Republicans and some business groups oppose the plan saying ending the flat-tax mandate in the Constitution would lead lawmakers to make middle-class taxpayers pay more.The vote on the tax, which Pritzker calls the “fair tax,” is out of the hands of lawmakers. But an aggressive effort to win votes from both sides is expected. Pritzker can’t use his state office to back a ballot question but he already has given $5 million to an outside committee that will push the plan. Opponents are also expected to advertise extensively.On property taxes, Republicans have complained that a task force on the issue hasn't taken their ideas seriously.“Many legislators on both sides regularly contact me to talk to me about their ideas for lowering property taxes, so I have heard many of the ideas already,” Pritzker said. He said he would be “happy to listen” to GOP proposals.But, he said, he did a lot over the course of the year to alleviate the burden on local property taxes including raising state school funding. The pension consolidation bill for downstate police and fire pension systems also ultimately will save “billions of dollars,\" he said. The savings are expected to come through better returns and less administrative costs when about 650 local pension funds are consolidated into two for investment purposes.Despite some continued differences with Republicans, Pritzker said his ability to work with lawmakers from both sides of the aisle “probably stands in stark contrast to the national stage, and to my predecessor.” He was referring to President Donald Trump and former GOP Gov. Bruce Rauner, whose battles with Democrats led to more than two years without a state budget in place.“People around the state have said to me they’re feeling new optimism about where things are going,” Pritzker said.State Rep. Tim Butler, R-Springfield, said he thinks Pritzker is “very personable” and “has done a good job at least on a personal level of reaching out to people on both sides of the aisle.”And while he thinks the governor was bipartisan in getting the capital bill passed and consolidating police and fire pension funds, Butler thinks there were also examples of Pritzker using the power of an overwhelmingly Democratic legislature to get his way. One of those issues was raising the minimum wage to $15 by 2025.“I think Republicans, and the business community especially, had a lot of ideas of maybe ways we could go on this that would be less harmful to the economy and less harmful to business,” Butler said. “But I think the governor wanted a quick, easy win.”Pritzker had rejected arguments that there should be lower wages, for example, outside the Chicago area.Butler said he hopes more emphasis is given this year to economic development in smaller cities and rural areas not near Chicago and St. Louis.State Sen. Andy Manar, D-Bunker Hill, said Pritzker getting bipartisan backing to pass a balanced budget showed the difference from the last administration. Bipartisan votes including the $45 billion capital plan and revenue to fund it were part of an “incredibly successful year” for the first-term chief executive.For the legislature this year, Manar said, “I think the most pressing issues are ethics reform and property tax relief – no question about it.”Pritzker covered a range of other issues in his interview including rooting out corruption, the state's population loses, and wealthy politicians in the presidential campaign.A spate of recent stories about corruption in state government, including a federal raid of the office of a former state senator and the indictment of another senator on charges that he did little or no work in a union job, have involved Democrats.“Let’s just remind ourselves that corruption occurs, unfortunately, on both sides of the aisle,” Pritzker said. The governor last month signed legislation saying lobbyists have to disclose more information on statements of economic interest, including naming any local government they are registered to lobby. There is also a task force working on improving ethics.“As far as I’m concerned, anybody that is guilty of an act of corruption should be rooted out,” Pritzker said.He noted that existing laws are being used to prosecute corruption.“The real challenge, I think, is as much around transparency as it is around anything else,” Pritzker said.Regarding people leaving the state, Pritzker said, “We have a lot of work to do, and part of that is creating jobs, growing the economy, lowering property taxes in the state, all of which I’m working on and have been working on for a year.”He noted that through more grants and scholarships, there are already better incentives for college students to stay in Illinois. And he said investments in infrastructure and broadband will help businesses and communities.And as the presidential campaign continues, some Democratic candidates decry the political engagement of billionaires.About “attacking someone based on their wealth,” Pritzker said, “all I can say is that they should come to Illinois and see what we’ve done. This is a state where we’ve gotten real things done for working families, for working poor, for people living in poverty today,” including raising the minimum wage.“There’s so much more that we can do to address the challenges that working people are going through, but we’ve made a real start, and they should see what at least one person here in Illinois has led, and that’s real positive change.”Bernard Schoenburg: 217-788-1540, bernard.schoenburg@sj-r.com; @bschoenburgSign up for daily e-mailsHome© Gannett Co., Inc. 2021. All rights reserved.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.Rockford Register Star ~ 99 E. State St., Rockford, IL 61104 ~ Do Not Sell My Personal Information ~ Cookie Policy ~ Do Not Sell My Personal Information ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service ~ Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyGannett | USA TODAY NETWORKSiteArchiveFeedbackOwnershipTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyGannett PublicationsSUBSCRIBE TODAYChoose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery.Learn More"
