"Jobs | Academic CareersNew JobsUniversitiesAdvanced SearchPost a JobPricing/PlansJob AlertsPost a ResumeSign inSign upNew JobsUniversitiesAdvanced SearchPost a JobPricing/PlansJob AlertsPost a ResumeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs10 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchSciences and Technology: other Library Administration, Librarian Education: (i.e. Schools/Colleges of Education) BUS: Management, HR, OB, Strategy Psychology IllinoisRefine by Job CategoriesComputer Science/Info Tech/Systems (7) Biology/Biotechnology/Life Sciences (4) Mathematics & Statistics (3) Anthropology & Sociology (2) Art & Art History (2) BUS: Accounting/Economics/Finance (2)History (2)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (9) Part time / Adjunct (1)Refine by CountryUnited States (10)Refine by CityUniversity Park (10)Email me jobs like thisCounseling Professor - Open RankGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s (GSU) College of Education invites applications for two open rank (Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor, commensurate with current rank) tenure-track professors in the counseling program, to begin in August 2021. The appointed faculty members will be part of the Division of Psychology and Counseling. Both will be primarily assigned to the doctoral program in Counselor Education and Supervision, in which they will advise, teach, and direct dissertations, as well as engage in other activities related to the doctoral program. One faculty member will take on the role of doctoral program coordinator. Both will also be expected to teach in the master's program and possibly teach undergraduate courses that may include students from the psychology program. The master’s counseling programs include specializations in clinical mental health, marital, couple, and family counseling, and school counseling. Courses will primarily be assigned to be...Jan 13, 2021Full timeGovernors State University’s (GSU) College of Education invites applications for two open rank (Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor, commensurate with current rank) tenure-track professors in the counseling program, to begin in August 2021. The appointed faculty members will be part of the Division of Psychology and Counseling. Both will be primarily assigned to the doctoral program in Counselor Education and Supervision, in which they will advise, teach, and direct dissertations, as well as engage in other activities related to the doctoral program. One faculty member will take on the role of doctoral program coordinator. Both will also be expected to teach in the master's program and possibly teach undergraduate courses that may include students from the psychology program. The master’s counseling programs include specializations in clinical mental health, marital, couple, and family counseling, and school counseling. Courses will primarily be assigned to be...Infant/Toddler/Two's/ Early Childhood Teacher (2 Positions)Governors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University's Family Development Center Seeks to fill the position of Infant/Toddler/Two/Early Childhood Teacher. Salary range is $30,000-$35,000 depending on qualifications The successful candidate will have the responsibility to implement a success oriented, developmentally appropriate program for Early Head Start children in a mixed age classroom ages 6 weeks to 3 years. Infant/toddler teachers integrate all aspects of Early Head Start Performance Standards, NAEYC standards, and Illinois Day Care Regulations into the schedule and curriculum for each child including any special items as directed including but not limited to nutrition, behavior, or Individual Family Service Plans. Infant/Toddler teachers work in teaching teams of two or three in conjunction with the Education Director to design the environment and create lesson plans to meet the individual health, safety, social-emotional, and academic needs of the children. Additionally, the applicant must be able...Jan 06, 2021Full timeGovernors State University's Family Development Center Seeks to fill the position of Infant/Toddler/Two/Early Childhood Teacher. Salary range is $30,000-$35,000 depending on qualifications The successful candidate will have the responsibility to implement a success oriented, developmentally appropriate program for Early Head Start children in a mixed age classroom ages 6 weeks to 3 years. Infant/toddler teachers integrate all aspects of Early Head Start Performance Standards, NAEYC standards, and Illinois Day Care Regulations into the schedule and curriculum for each child including any special items as directed including but not limited to nutrition, behavior, or Individual Family Service Plans. Infant/Toddler teachers work in teaching teams of two or three in conjunction with the Education Director to design the environment and create lesson plans to meet the individual health, safety, social-emotional, and academic needs of the children. Additionally, the applicant must be able...AY20-21 Adjunct Faculty, ManagementGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University's College of Business seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in Management. The major responsibilities of an adjunct faculty member are to teach courses such as Human Resource Management, Compensation Administration, Labor Relations, Training and Development, Entrepreneurial Accounting and Finance and Organizational Behavior. Adjunct faculty should be able to support their course online and use appropriate software tools. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, cover letter, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 19, 2020Part time / AdjunctGovernors State University's College of Business seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in Management. The major responsibilities of an adjunct faculty member are to teach courses such as Human Resource Management, Compensation Administration, Labor Relations, Training and Development, Entrepreneurial Accounting and Finance and Organizational Behavior. Adjunct faculty should be able to support their course online and use appropriate software tools. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, cover letter, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20-21, Adjunct Faculty, Division of Education Elementary EducationGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20-21 Adjunct Faculty, Division of Education Early Childhood ProgramGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20/21 Adjunct Faculty, PsychologyGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University's College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach undergraduate or graduate courses in Psychology in the Division of Psychology & Counseling. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University's College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach undergraduate or graduate courses in Psychology in the Division of Psychology & Counseling. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20-21 Adjunct Faculty - Continuing EducationGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s School of Extended Learning is seeking dynamic and engaging adjuncts to instruct professional development workshops, continuing education course(s), and/ or customized training sessions. Our goal is to make sure that our participants walk away with valuable information that they can apply in the workplace. The following is a partial list of subject areas that we are seeking adjuncts: Customer Service New Media Marketing Human Resource Management Business Communications Nonprofit Management Accounting Organizational Management Healthcare Administration Business Law OSHA Leadership Government Administration Digital Marketing/Management School Administration Leadership Grant Writing Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University’s School of Extended Learning is seeking dynamic and engaging adjuncts to instruct professional development workshops, continuing education course(s), and/ or customized training sessions. Our goal is to make sure that our participants walk away with valuable information that they can apply in the workplace. The following is a partial list of subject areas that we are seeking adjuncts: Customer Service New Media Marketing Human Resource Management Business Communications Nonprofit Management Accounting Organizational Management Healthcare Administration Business Law OSHA Leadership Government Administration Digital Marketing/Management School Administration Leadership Grant Writing Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20-21, Adjunct Faculty, Division of Education Principal Prep ProgramGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20/21 Adjunct Faculty, School PsychologyGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach graduate courses in School Psychology in the Division of Psychology & Counseling. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach graduate courses in School Psychology in the Division of Psychology & Counseling. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.AY20-21 Adjunct Faculty, Division of Education INLD ProgramGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University’s College of Education seeks to create an available pool of Adjunct Faculty candidates to teach courses in our Education departments. Courses taught by adjunct faculty in the above programs are for undergraduates, graduates, or a combination of both. Please visit www.govst.edu for more information about the programs and courses offered for undergraduates and graduates. Interested individuals are invited to complete a faculty profile, attach a curriculum vitae, and transcripts for consideration. At Governors State University, adjunct faculty are hired as temporary faculty with teaching responsibilities for a specific course in a semester or summer session. Adjuncts are not a part of the faculty bargaining unit and are not included in membership of the Faculty Senate.Load moreHomeContactFAQAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobAd AgenciesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedInAcademic Careers © 1999-2021 All Rights Reserved."
