"Peer Recovery Specialist Bilingual - Careers At Care New England	Back To Openings	Peer Recovery Specialist, BilingualDepartment: TPC-Anchor Recovery Center Site.Operating Unit The Providence CenterLocation: Providence, RIJob ID: 8219Job Status: Full TimeShift: DaysEnd Date:The Peer Recovery Support Specialist (bilingual Spanish) works with people who participate in Anchor Recovery Community Center services, providing individual and group recovery coaching, and helping with activities. This staff member is responsible to help maintain a positive community environment, in which Anchor members are able to develop recovery capital and learn about the recovery process. The Peer Recovery Support Specialist will provide skills training and will assist with resource development.Responsibilities:Provide group and individual peer recovery coaching for Anchor members.Provide appropriate referrals to these participants.Provide Narcan education and instruction.Provide peer recovery coach services at Anchor Recovery Community Center.Complete all required documentation including progress notes, recovery support plans, insurance information, progress and referrals.Serve as advocate for participants; assist with development of self-advocacy skills.Must complete all trainings as assigned.Responsible for additional duties as assigned.Requirements:GED or High school diploma required. Associates Degree or higher preferred. RI certified Recovery Coach preferred. Understanding of community resources. Understanding of recovery oriented systems of care models.Candidate must demonstrate an understanding of, and belief in, the addiction recovery process.Minimum of 2 years continuous recovery time.Positive communication skills.Must be 21 years of age or older.Bilingual (Spanish speaking) individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.Must have valid driver's license and insured and registered automobile. Completion of 30 hour Recovery Coach Academy or Peer Recovery Support Specialist training preferred. Must be able to obtain clearance through Department of Corrections to work in prison.Knowledge of basic crisis intervention, motivational Interviewing and case management techniques preferred. Ability to act as an advocate for the needs of the consumer is required.Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to handle, or feel objects, or controls; talk or hear; and smell. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel or crouch. The employee is occasionally required to sit. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.Work Environment: The characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.START YOUR APPLICATION"
