"IT Industry News | Eagle Staffing1-866-786-3778 | NESST@eagleonline.comFacebookTwitterLinkedInRSSYouTubePinterestMenusSkip to content| Find a Job| Find People| Blog| News| Talent Development Centre| Contractor Resources| Contact Us| TimesheetsTimesheetsContact UsEagle StaffingCanada's Premier IT, Finance & Accounting and Executive & Management Consulting Staffing AgencySearch CriteriaI'm looking for work as a	inReset SearchTalent Development CentreCategory Archives: IT Industry NewsInsight into what’s happening in the IT industry around the world, including merger & acquisition activity, tech company news as well as international IT job markets.IT Industry News for December 2020January 13, 2021 IT Industry Newseconomy, tech newsEagle Talent	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on January 11th, 2020This is my 30,000 foot look at events in the Tech industry for December 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of previous year’s Decembers …Five years ago, in December 2015 M&A was quiet but there was some interesting activity. The big deal saw Canadian telco Shaw make a big play into the cellular space with its proposed acquisition (subsequently approved) of Wind for $1.6 billion. Meanwhile Rogers was also out shopping and growing its Maritimes presence through the acquisition of Internetworking Atlantic Inc. Other deals in December were not large but did feature some of the big players. Oracle bought Stackhouse a cloud company with a specialization in “containers”; IBM boosted its video in the cloud capabilities with the purchase of Clearleap; and Microsoft picked up a mobile communications company, Talko. Other deals saw Ingram Micro buy the Odin Service Automation business from Parallels and in the storage world Carbonite bought Evault from Seagate.Four years ago in December 2016 Adecco sold its majority stake in Beeline VMS to GTRC, a private equity firm, for $100 million in cash plus a $30 million note; CRN solution provider SS&C purchased asset service firm Conifer for $88.5 million; solution provider QRX Technology Group acquired IT equipment provider Kerr Norton; networking solution provider, Juniper Networks acquired cloud operations management provider AppFormix; Uber bought start-up Geometric Intelligence Inc.; and Shopify acquired Tiny Hearts, a Toronto-based mobile product development studio.December 2017 saw Atos enhance the footprint of their IT Services firm by paying $5 billion for Gemalto. Apple were busy, paying $400 million for music recognition app Shazam, plus they invested $390 million into optical communications components company Finisar. Finally, in a relatively quiet M&A month Ingram Micro increased its data protection capability through the purchase of Cloud Harmonics.Two years ago, in December 2018 IBM sold off a portion of their software portfolio to HCL for $1.8 billion. Cisco paid $660 million for optical chip company, Luxtera; and OpenText paid $310 million for data management company Liaison Technologies. In other deals, Google bought “where is my train” app company, Sigmoid Labs; Corel bought desktop virtualization company Parallels; Trello bought Butler, whose product is a popular addition for Trello users; Kaseya bought IT documentation company IT Glue; and GE continued its restructuring efforts by spinning out its IoT subsidiary and selling its interest in Pivotal. Finally the end of December was the beginning of Dell’s return as a public company.Last year, December 2019 saw some big dollar deals in the M&A world with the biggest seeing LogMeIn sold to private equity for $4.3 billion. Intel shelled out $2 billion for AI chip company Habana Labs; and F5 Networks paid $1 billion for Shape Security. In other deals Solarwinds paid $175 million for VividCortex; NTT picked up AWS company Flux7; Fortinet bought Cybersponse; CheckPoint Software bought security company Protego; Acronis bought security company 5nine and Opswat bought cyber security company Impulse.Which brings us back to the present …In December 2020 the pandemic continues to dominate news, and with vaccines approved and beginning to roll out there is cause for some optimism but that Is going to take time. Meanwhile increasing spread, and mutated strains of the virus are causing concerns. When coupled with the current political upheaval in the US, small positive economic and job data indicators are not great indicators of where the economy really stands. Lockdowns are only going to continue and the impact on small businesses continues to be devastating. It remains to be seen what happens in the US and what the fallout will be on the markets and the economy in general.It was an active month in M&A and some very big deals were announced. The $27.7 billion acquisition of collaboration software company Slack, by Salesforce was certainly an eye opener; Platinum Equity paid $7.2 billion for Ingram Micro; Self driving startup Aurora is paying reputedly $4 billion for Uber’s Advanced Tech Group; and Google is reputedly paying $1 billion for data protection company Actifio.There were a lot more deals too. Hyundai’s robotics arm paid $921 million for Boston Dynamics, owner of Spot, the robot; Cisco bought two companies, paying $730 million for contact center as a service company IMImobile and also picking up audience interaction tech company Slido; NortonLifeLock paid $360 million for cybersecurity company Avira; And Facebook is buying customer relationship management company Kustomer.There were some other big names out buying, including ServiceNow picking up Canadian darling AI company Element AI; IBM bought another Canadian company in the Fintech space, Expertus; Juniper Networks bought a startup, in the network space, Apstra ; Fortinet bought network tools company Panopta; RingCentral picked up AI comms company DeepAffects; Storage company Quantum bought media storage company Square Box Systems; and Goldman Sachs bought fraud detection system White Ops.Cybersecurity continues to a be big news, with McAfee suggesting losses from cyber crime in 2020 were $945 billion, doubling the amount in just two years. The breach of FireEye by a “state sponsored” hacker does little to help, given this was essentially a case of the best of the best being breached!That’s my look at the tech industry for December 2020. The full edition will be available soon on the Eagle website. Until next month Walk Fast and Smile … don’t forget to be safe, wear a mask, wash your hands and socially distance. We will get through this together! Let’s hope for a much better year in 2021.Leave a comment	IT Industry News for November 2020December 9, 2020 IT Industry Newseconomy, job market, tech news, tech trendsEagle Talent	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on December 7h, 2020This is my 30,000 foot look at events in the Tech industry for November 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of previous year’s Novembers …Five years ago, November 2015 saw Expedia pay $3.9 billion for HomeAway as a vehicle to better compete with Airbnb. Zayo Holding Group became the first foreign company to own a Canadian telco after paying $465 million for Allstream. Other, smaller deals saw Apple buy Faceshift, a motion capture company whose technology was used in a Star Wars movie; and Lightspeed POS bought SEOshop, increasing its size as a competitor to Shopify. Other deals saw Ingram Micro grow its Brazilian presence with the purchase of ACAO; PCM bought Edmonton-based services firm Acrodex; Data centre company CentriLogic bought infrastructure company Advanced Knowledge Networks; solution provider Scalar Systems bought another Toronto company, professional services firm Eosensa; and Washington-based New Signature bought Toronto-based Microsoft Partner, Imason.In November 2016, Broadcom acquired Brocade Communication Systems for $5.9 billion; Adobe purchased multi-channel programmatic video platform TubeMogul for $540 million; IT services and outsourcing provider Wipro Limited bought IT cloud consulting firm Appirio for $500 million; Oracle announced its plans to acquire DNS solution provider, Dyn Inc.; SoftwareOne acquired and integrated House of Lync; and Avnet completed an acquisition of Hackster.Three years ago, in November 2017, the big M&A activity for the month saw investment firm Thoma Bravo pay $1.6 billion for Barracuda networks. McAfee also made an acquisition, Skyhigh Networks which used to be an Intel company. Smaller deals saw Talend buy Restlet and Qualys buy Netwatcher.November 2018 was a busy month in the M&A space, with lots of action! The largest deal saw SAP shell out $8 billion for experience management company Qualtrics. Not far behind was Commscope paying $7.4 billion for telecommunication equipment maker Arris. Vista Equity partners paid $1.94 billion for cloud software company Apptio; and private equity fund CVC paid $1.8 billion for a global IT and managed services provider, ConvergeOne Holdings. The final billion-dollar deal saw Blackerry make its largest acquisition to date, paying $1.4 billion for AI cybersecurity startup Cylance. In other deals, Thoma Bravo bought security testing vendor Veracode for $950 million; LinkedIn paid $400 million for a surveying startup, Glint; power management company Eaton paid $300 million for Turkish company Ulusoy Elektrik; and Citrix shelled out $200 million for intelligent portal company Sapho. There were plenty of big name companies out shopping with no price tag named. Accenture bought a German design agency Kolle Rebbe; Apple bought AI company Silk Labs; HPE bought big data company Bluedata; Oracle bought Talari Networks; Cisco bought networking company Ensoft; Microsoft bought another AI company, startup XOXCO; Red Hat (recently purchased by IBM) bought storage startup NooBaa; VMware bought Kubernotes startup Heptio; Symantec bought a couple of companies, Appthirty and Javelin Networks; and DXC bought a couple of companies, TESM and BusinessNow.Last year, November 2019 saw quite a few “big dollar” deals. The biggest saw Apollo Global taking TechData private in a deal worth $5.4 billion. Google sold its Stubhub subsidiary to Viagogo for $4.05 billion; Xerox sold its stake in Fuji Xerox such that Fujifilm will own the whole entity at a cost of $2.3 billion; Google paid $2.1 billion for Fitbit; and Opentext paid $1.4 billion for security company Carbonite. That is a lot of $ billion deals for one month! Other deals saw Proofpoint pay $225 million for threat management company ObserveIT; DXC picked up solution providers, Virtual Clarity and Bluleader; Rackspace bought professional services company Onica, and Mimecast picked up DMARC Analyzer.Which brings us back to the present …November 2020 continued the trend of M&A activity that we have seen these last few months, despite or perhaps because of the pandemic. Certainly, there are distressed companies “out there”, but many companies are also just continuing to pursue their long term strategies.The biggest deals this month saw Adobe shell out $1.5 billion for Workfront, a work management software company; Coupa Software paid $1.5 billon for AI powered supply chain design and planning company Llamasoft; Telus International also bought AI capability with their $1.2 million purchase of Lionbridge AI; and Palo Alto Networks paid $800 million for security vendor Expanse.Security company FireEye paid $186 million for cybersecurity investigation automation company Respond; and Connectwise paid $80 million for cybersecurity company Perch Security. IBM made a couple of acquisitions; TruQua Enterprises is an SAP consulting company and Instana an application performance monitoring company with AI capability.There were plenty more deals including Cisco buying cloud company Banzai Cloud; Splunk bought network monitoring company Flowmill; Ping Identity bought developer Symphonic Software; cybersecurity company Barracuda bought remote access company Fyde; StorCentric bought storage company Violin Systems; and another cybersecurty deal saw Acronis buy CyberLynx.Apple was in the news this month, settling a case related to their throttling performance on iPhones to encourage users to upgrade.Around the world we continue to deal with the pandemic. There is promising news of vaccines, which will bring some relief as they are rolled out. Economic indicators and job numbers have been improving for several months, but we are seeing rising cases and more lockdowns so the recovery is forecast to slow down.That’s my look at the tech industry for November 2020. The full edition will be available soon on the Eagle website. Until next month Walk Fast and Smile … don’t forget to be safe, wear a mask, wash your hands and socially distance. We will get through this together!Leave a comment	IT Industry News for October 2020November 12, 2020 IT Industry Newsbusiness economy, tech newsKevin Dee	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on November 10th, 2020This is my 30,000 foot look at events in the Tech industry for October 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of previous year’s OctobersFive years ago, in October 2015, Dell paid $26 billion to buy storage company EMC. Interestingly, EMC subsidiary VMWare was also out shopping, picking up a small email startup, Boxer. In another deal involving “big bucks”, Western Digital paid $19 billion for storage competitor Sandisk. IBM were also writing a big cheque, paying $2 billion in a big data/internet of things play for The Weather Network (minus the TV operations), and IBM also picked up a storage company, Cleversafe. Cisco paid $522.5 million for cybersecurity firm Lancope; LogMeIn paid $110 million for LastPass; Trend Micro paid $350 million for next generation intrusion prevention systems company HP Tippingpoint; Red Hat picked up deployment task execution and automation company Ansible; Vasco Data Security paid $85 million for solution provider Silanis; and Apple bought a speech processing startup, VocalIQ. As industries converged, it was interesting to see Securitas pay $350 million for Diebold’s US Electronic Security business.October 2016 did not see a lot of M&A action, but Qualcomm paid $47 billion for NXP Semiconductor. The only other sizable deal saw Wipro pay $500 million for IT cloud consulting company Appirio. Google picked up Toronto-based video marketing startup FameBit and Pivot Technology Solutions picked up Ottawa-based Teramach.Three years ago, in October 2017, Cisco paid $1.9 billion for Broadsoft to improve Cisco’s software capabilities. The only other significant deal saw Telus beef up its service provider capability with a $250 million purchase of Xavient.October 2018 was an interesting month, with some significant M&A activity and the sad passing of yet another tech pioneer, Paul Allen who cofounded Microsoft with Bill Gates. On the M&A front, IBM paid $34 billion for Red Hat to increase its game in the cloud systems arena. In the red-hot cybersecurity space, PE company Thoma Bravo paid $2.1 billion for Imperva. Twillio also shelled out $2 billion to acquire email company SendGrid, rounding out their API offerings. Other deals saw Honeywell bolster its IoT offerings, paying $493 million for Transnorm; Palo Alto Networks paid $173 million for security startup Redlock; Computacentre paid $70 million for FusionStorm to grow its consulting business in North America; GTT Communications paid $40 million for Access Point to add to its network; and Fortinet paid $18 million for ZoneFox to improve its threat analytics capability. There was plenty more M&A activity with big names involved. Some of them included: Google (chatbot company Onwards); Accenture (DAZ systems); DXC (agodesign); Samsung (Zhilabs); CapGemini (June 21); and NTT Data (Sierra Systems).Last year, in October 2019, the largest deal was in the data center space, with Digital Realty paying $8.4 billion for Interxion; there was a smaller data centre deal that saw Equinix pay $175 million for 3 data centres from Axtel; and a third datacenter deal involved ServerFarm buying SNINES. Another big dollar deal saw private equity company Thoma Bravo offer $3.4 billion for security platform company Sophos. Big name companies out shopping included Intel buying Pivotal’s Edge Computing platform; Accenture bought Bow & Arrow, a company that helps its clients find new markets; Microsoft bought Mover, a company that helps clients move to the cloud; and Telus paid $700 million for ADT’s Canadian Security Services business. Some other deals included network company Cienna buying performance and analytics firm Centina; Sailpoint paid $37.5 million for two cloud security startups: Tech Data bought DLT Systems; and Trend Micro picked up security company Cloud Conformity.Which brings us back to the presentThere was plenty of activity in October 2020. The world is still in recession but there are indicators that things are improving. Employment numbers around the world are getting better, although they still have “a ways to go”. The prospect of a vaccine brings some optimism and the US election has resulted in some positive sentiments around the world, although the US is still a divided entity and we will see what comes next.In a pandemic it may be surprising to some, but the acquisition space has been quite active as companies continued their strategic initiatives or took advantage of struggling assets. This month there were some big deals, with AMD’s $35 billion purchase of semiconductor company Xilinx being the biggest deal of the month. Another semiconductor deal saw South Korea’s SK Hynix pay $9 billion for Intel’s NAND flash memory division; and Juniper shelled out almost half a billion dollars ($450 million) for an AI startup, 128 Technology.Other deals saw Veeam pay $150 million for backup and security company Kasten; and Cisco paid $100 million for application security company Portshift. Accenture continued its 2020 acquisition blitz with several buys: Houston-based Myrtle Consulting Group, AWS consulting company Enimbos; old Ottawa consulting friends Avenai; and New Zealand cloud migration company Zag. Cognizant bought AWS & IoT company Bright Wolf; Ping Identity bought block-chain security startup ShoCard; and ride sharing company Via bought Fleetonomy, a fleet management software company.That is what caught my attention in tech news for October 2020 … until next month, walk fast and smile … wash your hands and MASK UP!Leave a comment	IT Industry News for September 2020October 20, 2020 IT Industry Newsbusiness, economyKevin Dee	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on October 19th, 2020This is my 30,000 foot look at events in the ICT industry for September 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of September in previous years …Five years ago, in September 2015, there was a fair bit of M&A activity but no blockbuster deals. Microsoft was very active, closing three deals: Adxstudio which provides web-based solutions for Dynamics CRM; app developer Double Labs; and cloud security firm Adallom. Accenture picked up the cloud services company Cloud Sherpas; IBM added cloud software startup StrongLoop; Netsuite paid $200 million for cloud-based marketing company Bronto Software; and Blackberry paid $425 million for competitor Good Technology. Hardware company Konica Minolta bought IT Weapons; Qualcomm bought medical device and data management company Capsule Technologies; Networking and storage company Barracuda Networks bought online backup and disaster recovery company Intronis; and Compugen bought some of the assets of another Canadian company, Metafore.September 2016 saw Tech Data pay $2.6 billion for the technology solutions group of Avnet, and HP made the biggest printer acquisition to date, paying $1.05 billion for Samsung’s printer business. Other deals saw Google pay $625 million for Apogee, and restaurant company Subway bought online order taking software company Avanti Commerce. One investment that caught my eye in the staffing world saw Accenture invest in crowdtesting company Applause.Three years ago, September 2017 saw Google splash out $1.1 billion to acquire HTC’s pixel team, strengthening its own smartphone capabilities. In an interesting move IKEA bought gig economy company TaskRabbit. HPE bought Cloud Technology Partners, presumably to strengthen its capabilities in that area and possibly access new clients. Finally Edmonton company F12.net bought Vancouver’s ONDeck Systems as it pursued its goal to be a National IT Service Provider.There were some big deals in September 2018. Adobe’s $4.5 million purchase of Marketo was the big deal of the month. Not a true tech play but Sirius XM paid $3.6 billion for Pandora, and with digital/media/tech convergence it seemed like a fit. Digital Realty expanded its data centre footprint with the $1.8 billion purchase of Brazil’s Ascenty. SS&C paid $1.5 billion for Intralinks. Vonage paid $300 million for contact centre as a service company NewVoiceMedia; Microsoft added to its AI portfolio, buying Lobe; Intel bought a startup, NetSpeed to help with its IoT chips; Cognizant added to its Salesforce capabilities, buying Advanced Technology Group; Infosys also added Salesforce capability in Europe, buying Fluido; and Slack addd an AI driven email client to its portfolio with the purchase of Astro.Last year, September 2019 was relatively busy in M&A with Qualcomm’s $3.1 billion acquisition of TDK’s share in a RF joint venture, the largest deal of the month. There were some big names out shopping, with Microsoft buying cloud migration company Movere; Facebook bought Wearables company Ctrl-labs (reputedly for big dollars); HP bought endpoint security company Bromium; Western Digital bought Kazan Networks; and Github bought developer tool Semmie. Commvault paid $225 million for cloud software company Hevig and there were a few more smaller deals.Which brings us back to the present …In September 2020, the world continues to deal with the pandemic, with no sign of an end as yet. Despite these challenges (or perhaps because of them) there was still a fair amount of M&A activity this month with the biggest deal seeing Nvidia pay $40 billion for chip company Arm. Microsoft splashed out in the games world, paying $7.5 billion for Zenimax media, parent company of the maker of Doom and Fallout; and the other billion dollar deal saw Ericson pay $1.1 billion for 5G specialist Cradlepoint.Pure Storage paid $270 million for Portworx and its Kebrnetes Data Service Platform; Progress Software paid $220 million for Devops company Chef; Crowdstrike paid $896 million for cybersecurity startup Preempt Security; and Compucenter grew its North American footprint, paying $80 million for Pivot Technology Solutions.There were some other big names making deals, with VMware buying software automation expert SaltStack; Accenture continued its buying spree with the acquisition of B2B sales automation company N3; and Cognizant grew its Microsoft team with the acquisition of 10th Magnitude. There were a number of other deals involving lesser known names.Other companies in the news included HP, who paid $6 million to settle charges by the SEC; and both Amazon and UPS announced some significant hiring plans.Economies continue to struggle and unemployment numbers around the world are ugly, but there are signs of them improving with some positive signs from the US, Canada and the OECD, although we have a long way to go yet!That’s what caught my eye over the last month. The full edition will be available soon on the Eagle website. Hope this was useful and I’ll be back with the October 2020 tech news in just about a month’s time.Until then, Walk Fast and Smile … wear a mask and wash your hands!Leave a comment	IT Industry News for August 2020September 11, 2020 IT Industry Newseconomy, tech newsKevin Dee	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on September 9th, 2020This is my 30,000 foot look at events in the Tech industry for August 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of August in previous years …Five years ago in August 2015 there were two “billion-dollar” deals. Symantec sold Veritas (which it paid $13.5 billion dollars for 10 years prior) to a group of investors for $8 Billion and IBM shelled out $1 billion for Merge Healthcare. Smaller deals saw Calgary-based Above Security bought by Hitachi; Transcomos bought 30% of Vietnamese daily deals site Hotdeal; Freshdesk bought live-chat company 1Click; and PLDT bought ecommerce startup Paywhere.August 2016 saw a fair bit of M&A activity although there were no billion-dollar deals. The largest deal saw global staffing company Randstad buy Monster for $429 million. A similar sized deal saw Intel shell out $408 million for artificial intelligence company Nervana. Hewlett Packard Enterprises paid $275 million for SGI (what was left of Silicon Graphics); Apple paid $200 million for artificial intelligence company, (there is a pattern here), Turi; Salesforce bought business analytics company Beyondcore for $100 million; and ScanSource paid $83.6 million for telecom cloud services company Intelisys Communications. Other acquisitions saw Microsoft snap up two companies, artificial intelligence scheduling software company Genee, and their XBox division bought interactive livestreaming company Beam.Three years ago, August 2017 was relatively slow on the M&A front. Symantec sold its website security business to DigiCert for $1 billion, plus a stake in the larger entity. Cisco paid $320 million for hyperconvergence company Springpath, CGI bought a Pittsburgh consulting company, Summa Technologies and Accenture bought a Toronto consulting company VERAX. While not a pure tech play, the biotech world saw Aclaris pay $100 million for Confluence.August 2018 saw a fair amount of M&A activity, a lot of smaller deals, a few significant moves and some recognizable names out buying companies. The big deal of the month saw Cisco pay $2.35 billion for access security company Duo Security. In other deals VMWare paid $500 million for cloud management company CloudHealth; and HP splashed out $500 million for Europe’s largest print provider, Apogee. Apple snapped up Augmented reality startup Akonia; Accenture made two small acquisitions in the digital space, Mindtribe and Pillar Technology; Intel picked up a small AI company Vertex.Ai and Vonage paid $35 million for video company TokBox. Apple was also in the news because it became the first public company to reach a $1 trillion valuation, and they were quickly followed by Amazon.Last year, August 2019 was a busy month in M&A, with the big deal getting mixed reviews as Broadcom paid $10.7 billion for Symantec’s security unit. Some saw this as old tech buying old tech, but for Broadcom it provides diversity of offering. VMWare had a busy month paying $4.8 billion to acquire Carbon Black and Pivotal, and then announcing the acquisition of Intrinsic. Private equity company BC Partners paid $2.1 billion to take Presidio private, and Salesforce paid $1.35 billion for ClickSoftware to improve its service capability. The final deal in the BIG dollar leagues saw Splunk pay $1.05 billion for cloud monitoring platform SignalFx. Accenture bought two companies; Northstream, a telecom consulting company plus engineering company, Fairways Technologies. DXC spin-off Perspecta paid $250 million for managed services company Knight Point and there were a number of other “big name” companies making acquisitions; Amazon bought E8 Storage; Cisco bought Voicea; Microsoft bought JClarity; Twitter bought Lightwell and HPE bought the assets of MapR.Which brings us back to the present …August 2020 was a quiet month on the M&A front with no blockbuster deals, but still a few worthy of mention. Accenture has been on a bit of a tear in 2020, and made their 20th acquisition this year, content production company CreativeDrive. Apple made an interesting small acquisition, Spaces, who have been bringing virtual reality to videoconferencing… Zoom meetings may never be the same! Datacentre company Equinix increased its footprint, this time into India, paying $161 million for the Indian operations of GPX Global Systems. Service management company Kaseya bought Graphus, a startup that helps protect against email-based threats. NTT Data Services has also been a heavy buyer, and added ServiceNow consultancy Acorio to its offerings.A number of companies announced layoffs this month. These include Dell, VMware, Oracle, Accenture, NetApp and Salesforce. In contrast, there are some winners in and amongst our new reality and one of them, Amazon, announced that it was adding 3,500 new tech and corporate jobs!Economies around the world continue to suffer and accumulate debt to help their populations cope. As just one example, the UK had a 20.4% decline in GDP in the second quarter and has the worst recession of any G7 country. Canada’s GDP decline was 12% which puts it middle of the pack. With a return to school happening, most countries are bracing for what that might mean, a second wave, another lockdown… or reprieve? Time will tell.That is what caught my eye over the last month. The full edition will be available soon on the Eagle website. Hope this was useful and I’ll be back with the September 2020 industry news in just about a month’s time.Until then, Walk Fast and Smile… wear a mask and wash your hands!Leave a comment	IT Industry News for July 2020August 13, 2020 IT Industry Newseconomy, it Industry, tech newsEagle Talent	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on August 10th, 2020This is my 30,000 foot look at events in the ICT industry for July 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of July in previous years …Five years ago, July 2015 saw no billion-dollar deals, but there was some activity with some big names out shopping. Microsoft made two acquisitions, paying $320 million for cloud security company Adallom and customer servicing software company FieldOne Systems. IBM picked up database-as-a-service company Compose; Cisco paid $139 million for sales automation company MaintenanceNet; HP bought a cloud development platform Stackato; Blackberry bought AtHoc, a crisis communication tool; and DropBox bought messaging company Clementine. Other acquisitions saw Cisco as a seller, with Technicolor paying $600 million for Cisco’s set top box division; Level 3 bought security firm Black Lotus; Amadeus bought travel software company Navitaire (a subsidiary of Accenture) for $830 million; eBay sold its enterprise unit for $925 million, having paid $2.4 billion for it four years ago. In the continued blurring of the lines between technology companies and other industries, Capital One bank acquired design, development and marketing firm Monsoon.In July 2016, Verizon made two multi-billion-dollar acquisitions. The big name was Yahoo! who they bought for $4.83 billion, but they also paid $2.4 billion for Fleetmatics who provide fleet and mobile workforce management services. Oracle were also out spending big dollars, paying $9.3 billion for cloud-based ERP company, Netsuite. Now if those deals were not big enough, Softbank (like Verizon, they have a large telco presence — formerly Vodafone) paid a whopping $32.2 billion for chip designer ARM Holdings. Also joining the July billion dollar club was security vendor Avast, who bought AVG for $1.3 billion. Other deals that month saw Salesforce pay $582 million for cloud-based startup Quip; Google bought video company Anvato; Terradata bought training company Big Data Partnership; and Opentext bought analytics company Recommind.Three years ago, July 2017 saw Cincinnati Bell buy Hawaiian Telcom Holdco for $650 million and OnX for $201 million. Mitel paid $430 million for ShoreTel and bought Toshiba’s unified communications business. In Toronto, digital signage solution provider, Dot2Dot, acquired Pixel Point Digital. PNI Canada Acuireco Corp. purchased Sandvine Corp. for $562 million with plans to merge Sandvine and Procera Networks.July 2018 was a busy M&A month with the biggest deal of the month, a somewhat unlikely $19 billion acquisition of CA Technologies by Broadcom, who were clearly planning to expand beyond the semiconductor world. Solution provider, Atos was paying $3.45 billion for Syntel, creating a large North American presence. Fortive was paying $2 billion for physical resource management software company Accruent, and the last billion dollar deal of the month saw SS&C pay $1.45 billion for investment technology company Eze Software. Other deals saw AT&T buy cybersecurity company Alienvault; Hitachi bought AWS integrator Rean; Intel bought specialty chip maker eAsic Corp; Accenture continued its acquisition spree with the purchase of AI company Kogentix; and Getronics re-entered the North American market with the purchase of Pomeroy.July 2019 was a little quiet, but there were some big deals announced. Cisco’s $2.6 billion acquisition of Acacia Communications was the biggest deal. Apple splashed $1 billion to buy Intel’s smartphone modem business, and KKR bought Corel for $1 billion too. There were a few more deals hit my radar with Google buying storage company Elastifile; 8X8 cloud communications company paying $100 million for Platform as a service company Wavecell; and last but not least, Epam Systems bought educational content company Competentum.Which brings us back to the present …It is difficult to predict business activity during the current pandemic, but many companies continue with their growth initiatives and July 2020 saw quite a few deals done. There were big names out buying, some deals were not so significant in size but there was at least one in the billion dollar range, with HPE paying $925 million for SD WAN technology company Silver Peak. DXC sold its healthcare business for $525 million to Dedalus Group, an Italian company and there was plenty more action but with no price disclosed. Google bought Canadian smart glasses company North; Cisco bought video analytics company Modcam; VMware bought cloud disaster recovery company Datrium; Fortinet bought cloud security startup Opaq Networks; and Mimecast bought email security startup MessageControl. Uber continues its growth with the purchase of RouteMatch a company focused on public transport systems and a couple of smaller deals saw cyber protection company Acronis buy DeviceLock which provides security at the device level; and Advent International, a private equity firm bought cyber security firm Forescout. Clearly cyber security is a hot area!Huawei continues to be in the news, this time the in UK, where the government has reversed its previous decision and has now locked out the company from the UK commercial telecommunications network. Twitter had an embarrassing leak with some admin accounts compromised and some very high-profile accounts hacked. Finally, LinkedIn has announced layoffs associated with the pandemic, cutting 960 jobs or about 6% of their workforce.On the economic, and jobs, front we are still in a period of huge uncertainty, and your crystal ball is probably just as good as mine. There were some positive signs though, with both Canada (952,000) and the US (2.4 million) showing big job gains in the last month. The OECD also showed a slight improvement in the unemployment rate, from 8.5% to 8.4% but there are still 54 million people unemployed in the OECD countries!That’s what caught my eye over the last month, the full edition will be available soon on the News section of the Eagle website. Hope this was useful and I’ll be back with the August 2020 industry news in just about a month’s time.Walk Fast and Smile.Leave a comment	IT Industry News for June 2020July 10, 2020 IT Industry News, Tech Trendseconomy, tech newsKevin Dee	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis is my 30,000-foot look at events in the ICT industry for June 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of June in previous years …Five years ago, in June 2015, Intel paid $16.7 billion for semiconductor company Altera Corp. Cisco paid $635 million for security firm OpenDNS in addition to picking up OpenStack company, PistonCloud Computing. Microsoft bought 6Wunderkinder, maker of task management app Wunderlist; Ricoh Canada bought Graycon Group a professional services firm headquartered in Calgary; and finally, IBM bought OpenStack company Blue Box Group.June 2016 saw Microsoft buy LinkedIn for a whopping $2.6 billion. There were other billion dollar deals this month too, Salesforce paid $2.8 billion for e-commerce platform maker Demandware and Amazon announced an extra $3 billion investment in its India operations. Other significant deals included Daetwyler Holdings AG paying more than $877 million for Raspberry Pi maker Premier Farnell Plc; Red Hat paid $568 million for API management software company 3Scale; and OpenText paid $315 million for HP’s Customer Communication Management products. Other noteworthy deals included an investment group’s purchase of Dell’s software arm; Microsoft bought natural language start up Wand Labs; and Samsung bought cloud computing company Joyent. Also, Google Capital announced its first investment in a public company, investing $46 million in Care.com, an online personal services marketplace platform.Three years ago, in June 2017 Amazon bought Whole Foods for $13.7 billion. Westcon-Comstar’s American business was bought by Synnex for approximately $800 million. US fintech provider, Fiserv purchased British financial services technology firm, Monitise for $88.7 million. Microsoft purchased Israeli cloud startup, Cloudyn, for a price between $50 million and $70 million. Rackspace bought TriCore to increase Rackspace’s business from customers who want help running their critical applications.June 2018 saw a fair bit of M&A activity, the biggest deal seeing Synnex pay $2.43 billion for call centre company Convergys and AT&T pay $1.6 billion for advertising tech company AppNexus. Palo Alto Networks paid $300 million for Security company Evident.io; PayPal shelled out $120 million for fraud detection startup Simility; Splunk paid $120 million for incident management platform company VictorOps; Ribbon Communication paid $120 million for Edgewater Networks; and Sharp shelled out $36 million for Toshibas PC business. Other companies out shopping include Cisco who bought WiFi analytics company July Systems; IBM bought maintenance and repair company Oniqua and Shopify bought app company Return Magic.Last year, June 2019 saw some significant M&A deals with the Salesforce acquisition of Tableau for $1.7 billion the largest deal of the month. Infinion Technologies paid $10 billion for Cypress Semiconductor; Google paid $2.6 billion for data analytics company Looker; Capgemini shelled out $3.6 billion for engineering company Altran and in the robotics world, Blue Prism paid $100 million for Thoughtonomy. Other companies with smaller buys included Apple picking up the assets of Drive.ai and Twitter buying machine learning startup Fabula AI.Which brings us back to the present …June 2020 was the fourth month into the pandemic and the fallout continues, the Canadian Federal government announced increased spending in the last 4 months that is higher than their usual annual budget, and Canadian debt passed $1 trillion … hence a recent downgrade in credit rating. A quick look at reports around the world show unemployment levels and GDP impact that according to the OECD makes this recession the worst in nearly a century.Companies are still making acquisitions and in June we saw IBM pick up cybersecurity vendor Spanugo; Apple bought device management company Fleetsmith: And here in Canada, Bell sold off 25 of its data centres to Equinox, to build its war chest for the upcoming Spectrum auction; VMware bought anti-malware company Lastline; and there were a couple of smaller deals that caught my eye in the full report.Other companies in the news, include Deloitte, Accenture, DXC and At&T who are all announcing layoffs. Dell seems to be strengthening its position as the #1 in the server business and Microsoft has decided to get out of the physical retail space, and sell its gear online only.That’s what caught my eye over the last month, the full edition will be available soon on the Eagle website. Hope this was useful and I’ll be back with the July 2020 industry news in just about a month’s time.Walk Fast and Smile.Leave a comment	IT Industry News for May 2020June 11, 2020 Industry Trends and Insight, IT Industry Newstech newsKevin Dee	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on June 8th, 2020This is my 30,000-foot look at events in the Tech space for May 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of May in previous years …Five years ago, in May 2015 there were some very large deals on the M&A front, with the biggest seeing Charter Communications spend $55 Billion to buy Time Warner Cable and a further $10.4 Billion to buy Bright House Networks. This created the second largest cable company in the US, just behind Comcast. The “Billion-dollar club” also saw French Telco Altice pay $9.1 Billion for another US cable company Suddenlink Communications. Keeping with the billion dollar deals involving telcos, Verizon paid $4.4 Billion for AOL to bolster its mobile video capabilities. Another Billion dollar deal saw HP unload 70% of its stake in its China server, storage and technology storage unit to Tsinghua Holdings for $2.3 billion. The final billion-dollar deal saw EMC pay $1.2 billion for cloud service provider Virtustream. Apple was out buying a couple of companies in May, snapping up mapping company Coherent Navigation and augmented reality company Metaio. In other deals Avaya bought cloud technology company Esna; and Cisco bought cloud programming interface company Tropo.May 2016 saw some M&A activity with the largest deal seeing HPE merge its services arm with CSC in a $8.5 billion deal to create arguably the largest IT services company. In another large deal Vista Equity Partners was paying $1.79 billion for customer service and marketing cloud provider Marketo. There were some other big names out shopping in May 2016 too. Oracle paid $532 million for software as a service for the utilities vertical, company Opower; Google picked up interactive training platform Synergyse; Infor bought consulting services company Merit Globe AS; and ARM paid $350 million for imaging and embedded systems company Apical. Microsoft ended an unhappy period by divesting its feature phone business to FIH mobile for $350 million, and GoDaddy picked up cloud-based phone company FreedomVoice for $43 million. New Signature picked up another Microsoft solution provider, Dot Net Solutions; and Edmonton-based F12.Net bought Calgary-based professional services company XCEL.The most significant purchase in May 2017 was the $1.86 billion sale of CenturyLink’s data centres and colocation business to a consortium led by BC Partners, Medina Capital Advisors and Longview Asset Management. Cybersecurity startup, Hexadite, was bought by Microsoft for $100 million. Goldman Sachs entered the BI space by purchasing a minority stake in Information Builders of New York City. Apple acquired Beddit, a Finnish sleep sensor product, for an undisclosed amount. Finnish cybersecurity firm, F-Secure acquired British security consultants, Digital Assurance also for an undisclosed amount.Two years ago, May 2018 was a very active month for M&A activity, with Microsoft’s $7.5 Billion purchase of GitHub leading the pack in size. Microsoft also bought AI company Semantic Machines. PayPal paid $2.2 Billion for European payments company iZettle; Recruit paid $2.1 Billion for Glassdoor; Investment firm KKR paid $2 Billion for BMC Software; and Office Depot paid $1 Billion for CompuCom. Other big names out shopping saw Oracle buy collaboration platform Datascience.com; Google bought cloud migration startup Velostrata; HPE bought Plexxi; Rackspace bought RelationEdge; and Splunk bought Phantom Cyber Company.Last year in May 2019 HPE paid $1.3 billion for supercomputer manufacturer Cray. Palo Alto Networks continued growing its cybersecurity capability with the purchase of two companies, Twistlock and PureSec. There was some M&A activity among a number of well know companies, Amazon bought mesh network company Eero; Symantec bought Luminate Security; Rogers bolstered its podcast capability with the purchase of Pacific Content; NCR added to its point of sale depth, buying Texas POS; and Foursquare bought competitor location tech company, Placed; ServiceNow picked up the assets of mobile analytics company Appsee; Comcast bought WiFi company Deep Blue Communications.Which brings us back to the present …In May 2020 we continue to fight the COVID-19 pandemic and things are tough everywhere. In March and April Canada lost 3 million jobs, and in April alone the US lost more than 20 million jobs. The IMF is calling it the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.IT spending worldwide is expected to fall by 8% this year … however cloud spending is up. Cloud spending has been the silver lining of COVD-19, with the rise in WFH, companies like Zoom have taken advantage. The home entertainment industry, Netflix et al have also benefited as people have been forced to stay home.For all of the disruption there is still a fair bit of M&A activity. This month Intel bought mobility startup Moovit for $900 million; an also picked up Texas based networking company, Rivet Networks. Apple bought Virtual Reality company NextVR; VMWare bought Kubernotes security vendor Octarine; and Microsoft is planning for its 5G offerings with the purchase of Metaswitch; Mictrosoft also picked up robotic process company Softomotive. Cisco splashed out (possibly close to $1 billion) for network monitoring company Thousand Eyes; Zoom is working to improve security with its purchase of Keybae; and Nvidia is buying Cumulus Networks. There were a number of lesser known deals, that include Beanfield Metro buying the WAN network from Aptum Technologies.That is my look at the May tech industry news. The full edition will be available soon on the Eagle website. Hope this was useful and I’ll be back with the June 2020 industry news in just about a month’s time… until then, walk fast, smile and wash your hands!Leave a comment	IT Industry News for April 2020May 13, 2020 IT Industry NewsKevin Dee	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on May 12th, 2020This is my 30,000-foot look at events in the Tech industry for April 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of April in previous years …Five years ago, in April 2015 Nokia paid $16.5 billion for telecom company Alcatel-Lucent. A couple of other big deals saw Capgemini pay $4 billion for services firm IGATE and LinkedIn made its largest acquisition ever, paying $1.5 billion for training portal Lynda.com. LinkedIn also bought a predictive insights startup company, Refresh. Netsuite paid $200 million for ERP and commerce software company Bronto Software and Blackberry reputedly shelled out $150 million for file sharing security company Watchdox. Salesforce was also out shopping, picking up mobile two-factor authentication startup, Toopher. In another deal involving billions, Informatica decided to follow in DELL’s footsteps and go private for a $5.3 billion price tag.April 2016 saw some big deals, the biggest was Bell’s $3.8 billion bid for Manitoba Telephone System, which closed in 2017. Other large deal saw a Chinese conglomerate bid $3.6 billion for Lexmark; and Plantronics shell out $2 billion for Polycom. Oracle paid $663 million for cloud-based construction software company Textura. Nokia, who were also in the news announcing layoffs, and continued to evolve their business model, this time into the wearable tech arena with the $192 million purchase of Withings. Other deals saw Autodesk acquire 3D animation software company Solid Angle; and Dimension Data bought Toronto based cloud services company Ceryx.Three years ago, in April 2017 Microsoft bought Israeli cloud-monitoring and analytics startup, Cloudyn. Flipkart, one of India’s larger ecommerce companies, acquired the Indian division of eBay (eBay.in) as part of eBay’s $500 million investment in Flipkart. VMware’s vCloud Air unit was acquired by OVH, a French hosting and cloud company. Global professional services provider, Accenture, purchased the UK-based automation services provider, Genfour. Toronto-based startup, Turnstyle Analytics, was acquired by Yelp for $20 million. California-based Coupa Software purchased Swedish software company, Trade Extensions for $45 million. Montreal-based financial technology provider, Alithya acquired big data solution provider, Systemware Innovation Corporation.April 2018 was not super busy on the M&A front although there were a few deals, including a $2 billion purchase of Ottawa based Mitel by Searchlight Partners, who will take the company private. Mobile payments company Square paid $365 million for website company Weebly; iconic photo site Flickr has been bought by SmugMug; Adobe acquired AI startup Uru; Indeed bought Canadian jobs site Workopolis; and HPE Pointnext bought Redpixie.Last year April 2019 was an extremely slow M&A month with just two deals hitting my radar. Intel bought Omnitek, a company that produces programmable chips for the video space. This comes as Intel announced it was exiting the 5G modem space for smartphones, suggesting it was not a profitable business for them. The other deal saw the merger of two large US based MSPs, as Corsica bought EDTS to bring the level of scale.Which brings us back to the present …April 2020 continues to be dominated by COVID-19, with global efforts to fight the pandemic causing the economy to retract worldwide. The focus is on social distancing and flattening the curve … and the world is anxious to get back to work, and yet anxious about what that means. A strange time indeed.Talking about the impact of the pandemic, IDC released projections on Canadian IT Spending and it wasn’t pretty. They suggest Canada’s annual spending will drop to minus eight percent for the remainder of 2020 … negative spending can’t be good!There was some M&A activity in April. Apple picked up an AI voice company, Voysis that is expected to improve on Siri; Accenture beefed up its security practice with the acquisition of Revolutionary Security; and Cisco picked up Fluidmesh Networks to assist in their IoT strategy. Other deals included security company Zscaler buying cloud security startup Cloudneeti; mobile security company MobileIron bought Incapptic Connect, to assist in software releases; and Scopely scooped up another gaming company, this time PierPlay make of Scrabble Go.Cognizant was in the news as it was hit by the Maze ransomware, affecting both it and its client’s systems. In other cyber security news, it appears that targeted attacks, such as spear-Phishing, now accounts for the 60% of cyber attacks.That’s it for my look at what was happening in the technology space over the last month, compared to the same month in previous years. I’ll be back at the beginning of June, until then – don’t forget to wash your hands and social distance!Leave a comment	IT Industry News for March 2020April 8, 2020 IT Industry News, Tech Trendstech newsEagle Talent	FacebookTwitterLinkedinemailPinterestBy Kevin Dee, Co-Founder of EagleThis post first appeared on the Eagle Blog on April 3rd, 2020This is my 30,000-foot look at events in the Tech industry for March 2020. What you see here is a précis of the monthly report I produce, which will be available in more detail at the News section of the Eagle website, where you will also find back issues.A Little History of March in previous years …Five years ago in March 2015 HP paid $3 billion for Aruba Networks; Lexmark paid $1 billion for customer management software company Kofax; eCommerce company Rakuten paid $410 million for ebook marketplace Overdrive; Cheetah Mobile paid $58 million for mobile ad network MobPartner; TeraGo Networks paid $33 million for cloud provider RackForce; IBM bought natural language and image processing company AlchemyAPI; and in the cable TV world Charter Communications paid $10.4 billion for Bright House Networks.March 2016 saw the $3 billion sale of Dell Services to NTT, a direct result of Dell’s restructuring following the recent purchase of EMC. IBM was out bolstering its services business with a couple of acquisitions; the first was Optevia, a UK-based integrator focused on Microsoft Dynamics; and the second was Bluewolf Group, a global Salesforce consulting partner. Montreal-based Yellow Pages picked up Toronto-based Juice Mobile, primarily for its mobile marketing capability. Another Toronto company, Influitive, raised some cash ($8.2 million) and bought a couple of mobile app companies, Ironark Software and Triggerfox; and Netsuite bought IOity solutions, a cloud-based manufacturing software company.Three years ago, in March 2017, Intel bought Israeli computer vision company, Mobileye, for a hefty $15.3 billion. HPE bought storage solution provider, Nimble, for $1 billion. Amazon Web Services, a public cloud infrastructure provider, acquired Thinkbox Software, a company that provides software for managing media rendering workloads. Mozilla acquired Pocket, a startup that developed an app for saving articles and other content.In March 2018 there was a significant amount of M&A activity. The deal of the month saw Salesforce pay $6.5 billion for cloud integration company Mulesoft. Plantronics paid $2 billion for unified communications company Polycom; and Amazon paid $1 billion for smart home company Ring. Other deals saw eBay shell out $700 million for the commerce platform Qoo10; Cognizant buy Bolder Healthcare Solutions; HPE Aruba buy Cape Networks; VMWare buy security company, E8; and Deloitte pick up API Talent in New Zealand. It is also nice to see Avaya buying Spoken Communications after leaving Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.Last year in March 2019, the big deal of the month saw Nvidia shell out $6.9 billion for data centre solutions vendor, Mellanox. F5 Networks paid $670 million for up and coming competitor NGINX; and Juniper Networks paid $40 million for AI startup Mist Systems. Some other deals this month were Apple’s acquisition of machine learning startup LaserLike; Veritas’ acquisition of analytics company Aptare; Mastercard bought security company Ethoca; and Spotify added to its podcast capability with the purchase of Parcast. Other companies in the news included Lyft, which was the first of several high-profile tech companies with planned IPOs in 2019; SAP who announced a major round of layoffs and SAS who joined the growing number of companies investing big in AI, announcing a $1billion investment.Which brings us back to the present …In March 2020, the big news is all about the impact around the world of the COVID-19 pandemic. The economic and employment fallout have been dramatic, and there is significant uncertainty about how quickly people can get back to work. So the messages for the period are stay home, wash your hands and don’t touch your face! Stay safe people!There was some M&A activity worthy of mention, including the $34.9 billion bid for HP, and subsequent withdrawal by Xerox. No doubt that will resurface at some point in the future! Veritas Capital is buying DXC’s Health and Human Services business for $5 billion; Private Equity firm Hellman & Friedman is paying $1.15 billion for software security testing company Checkmarx; Palo Alto Networks is buying CloudGenix for $420 million; and Accenture is paying $139 million for security consulting company, Context Information Security. Other deals saw Watchguard buy Panda Security and NetApp buy Talon Software.In the wake of so many layoffs there are bright spots around the world as some companies are staffing up. A couple of notable announcements include Amazon, who announced they would be hiring an additional 100,000 people and increasing wages for their hourly workers; and Walmart who announced they would hire 150,000 people.That is it for my monthly look at what was happening in the technology space over the last month, compared to the same month in previous years. I’ll be back in about a month’s time, until then … walk fast and smile!Leave a comment	Posts navigation← Older postsSearch the Talent Development CentreSearch for:SubscribeGet a summary of the newest posts every week. (Don't worry, we won't SPAM you!)NameEmailQuick PollResources by TopicCOVID-19 ResourcesGeneral InterestIndustry Trends and InsightIT Industry NewsJob Market TrendsQuick PollsTech TrendsIT ContractingBusiness TipsClient RelationsIT Contractor LifestyleJob SearchJob Interview TipsResume WritingWorking with RecruitersProfessional DevelopmentPersonal WellnessSoft SkillsTechnical SkillsNetworkEagle Company PageEagle Facebook PageFollow us on TwitterTweets by @eagleTalentFacebookTwitterLinkedInRSSYouTubePinterestDefault ThemeHigh Contrast Theme|Home|Contact Us|About Eagle|Working at Eagle|Terms of Use|Privacy StatementCopyright © 1997-2021Eagle Professional Resources Inc.All Rights Reserved."
