"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs10 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBanking Consultant General Labor Strategy-Planning Finance Skilled Labor Full timeRefine by CategoriesConstruction (8) Installation-Maint-Repair (6) Nonprofit-Social Services (5) Hospitality (4) Management (4) Customer Service (3)Other (3) Sales (3) Accounting (2) Admin-Clerical (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Business Development (1) Entry Level (1) Executive (1) Facilities (1) Legal (1)MoreRefine by Salary Range$40,000 - $75,000 (2)Email me jobs like thisJourneyman PlumberJB PlumbingJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .Jan 19, 2021Full timeJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .SuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Rental Equipment TechnicianWestern States EquipmentThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Jan 14, 2021Full timeThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Project Manager/Site SuperintendentBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Jan 12, 2021Full timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Project manager/Site superintendent Extensive experience required- from excavation to final punch list, the best candidate will have a strong command of the process of building a high-end custom home. Ability to read plans and communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. Maintain a schedule with an eye on deadlines and potential roadblocks. Take initiative and be able to motivate a team. Coordinate an effective and efficient job site. Implement safety protocols and OSHA standards. Have a positive attitude and be willing to learn new things. If...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 10, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 06, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Packaging OperatorRoadhouse Brewing CoRoadhouse Brewing Co., a growing microbrewery with employee ownership, is seeking a motivated packaging operator to join our team. Roadhouse is focused on strategically growing by continuing to develop quality products, a highly visible brand, strong consumer retention, and a high level of employee satisfaction. We produce clean and sour beers in 12oz, 16oz and 500ml sizes on a PS Angelus canning line with SKA depalletizer and Paktech off packer. We recently expanded our facility to a 30,000BBL capacity and run a just-in-time manufacturing model balanced by healthy pars. This position would work closely with the production manager and our packaging and brewing teams. Responsibilities: Canning, bottling, kegging; Equipment CIP; Warehousing and truck loading; Cleaning and sanitizing; Carry out the company's vision by continuing to package a premium craft brand with quality at the front of mind; Performing quality control checks during all packaging runs; Completing...Jan 04, 2021Full timeRoadhouse Brewing Co., a growing microbrewery with employee ownership, is seeking a motivated packaging operator to join our team. Roadhouse is focused on strategically growing by continuing to develop quality products, a highly visible brand, strong consumer retention, and a high level of employee satisfaction. We produce clean and sour beers in 12oz, 16oz and 500ml sizes on a PS Angelus canning line with SKA depalletizer and Paktech off packer. We recently expanded our facility to a 30,000BBL capacity and run a just-in-time manufacturing model balanced by healthy pars. This position would work closely with the production manager and our packaging and brewing teams. Responsibilities: Canning, bottling, kegging; Equipment CIP; Warehousing and truck loading; Cleaning and sanitizing; Carry out the company's vision by continuing to package a premium craft brand with quality at the front of mind; Performing quality control checks during all packaging runs; Completing...Communications & Advocacy DirectorFriends of PathwaysThe Communications & Advocacy Director will play an important role at Friends of Pathways, building and sustaining FOP’s reputation as the leading voice for human-powered recreation and travel in Jackson and working closely with the Executive Director to ensure a future where Every Neighborhood is Connected to the pathway and trail networks.The Communications & Advocacy Director will: (1) develop public communications and education campaigns that promote FOP initiatives and encourage responsible use of Jackson’s local trails and pathways; (2) engage with political and planning processes relevant to promoting walking and biking in Jackson Hole; and (3) interface with local, state or federal officials to educate and inform about FOP priorities and programs. Candidates must possess excellent communication skills (written and oral), be willing to represent Friends of Pathways in public and small settings, feel comfortable working with a diverse member base and...Jan 04, 2021Full timeThe Communications & Advocacy Director will play an important role at Friends of Pathways, building and sustaining FOP’s reputation as the leading voice for human-powered recreation and travel in Jackson and working closely with the Executive Director to ensure a future where Every Neighborhood is Connected to the pathway and trail networks.The Communications & Advocacy Director will: (1) develop public communications and education campaigns that promote FOP initiatives and encourage responsible use of Jackson’s local trails and pathways; (2) engage with political and planning processes relevant to promoting walking and biking in Jackson Hole; and (3) interface with local, state or federal officials to educate and inform about FOP priorities and programs. Candidates must possess excellent communication skills (written and oral), be willing to represent Friends of Pathways in public and small settings, feel comfortable working with a diverse member base and...Field Technician - Jackson, WYCharter Communications Jackson, WY, USAField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Dec 31, 2020Full timeField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
