"Jobs in Los Angeles | Hire Our HeroesHomeJobsJob AlertsEmployer PricingPost JobVeteran Job SeekersBlogSign inSign upHomeJobsJob AlertsEmployer PricingPost JobVeteran Job SeekersBlogModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs148 jobs found in Los AngelesRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisMaintenance Technician II - ALL SHIFTSSkillsetGroup - Professional Staffing Solutions Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description Shift/Hours: All shifts! Great Benefits! Medical, dental, vision, 401K and vacation! They also give employee discounts for all their products. Must Haves: 2 year degree or certificate (engineering Technology) or 2-4 years of related experience in maintenance Experience working with hydraulics, pneumatics, some electrical (read schematics) Experience in plastic injection molding is a plus! Bilingual Spanish is also a plus They need someone very strong mechanically and would prefer to stray away from electricians as the majority of the work will include mechanical and PMs. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: · Visually, or manually inspects, or listens to machines and equipment to locate causes of malfunctions. Manually dismantles defective machines or electronic components of machinery and equipment. by using handheld and pneumatic tools. Visually locates damaged air, hydraulic and grease components on machines Lays out, measures, cuts,...Jan 23, 2021Job Description Shift/Hours: All shifts! Great Benefits! Medical, dental, vision, 401K and vacation! They also give employee discounts for all their products. Must Haves: 2 year degree or certificate (engineering Technology) or 2-4 years of related experience in maintenance Experience working with hydraulics, pneumatics, some electrical (read schematics) Experience in plastic injection molding is a plus! Bilingual Spanish is also a plus They need someone very strong mechanically and would prefer to stray away from electricians as the majority of the work will include mechanical and PMs. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: · Visually, or manually inspects, or listens to machines and equipment to locate causes of malfunctions. Manually dismantles defective machines or electronic components of machinery and equipment. by using handheld and pneumatic tools. Visually locates damaged air, hydraulic and grease components on machines Lays out, measures, cuts,...Forklift Operator - ALL SHIFTSSkillsetGroup - Professional Staffing Solutions Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: · Promote safe work environment through personal actions · Load and unload trucks and containers using equipment provided in safe and efficient manner · Check and count freight for accuracy and/or damage. Take inventory as needed · Direct product to correct area in warehouse · Clear work area of loose wood and plastic, sweep area as needed · Report faulty equipment, damage to racks, and other safety hazards to supervisor r · Other duties as assigned MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 1. Minimum 12 months’ stand up forklift experience in warehouse or manufacturing environment 2. Familiarity with RF Scanner 3. Familiarity with Warehouse Management Systems 4. High school diploma or GED equivalent 5. Possession of a valid state driver’s license Company Description SkillsetGroup, LLC together with its subsidiaries, provides workforce solutions to various industries within the United States. The company offers trained employees for...Jan 23, 2021Job Description DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: · Promote safe work environment through personal actions · Load and unload trucks and containers using equipment provided in safe and efficient manner · Check and count freight for accuracy and/or damage. Take inventory as needed · Direct product to correct area in warehouse · Clear work area of loose wood and plastic, sweep area as needed · Report faulty equipment, damage to racks, and other safety hazards to supervisor r · Other duties as assigned MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 1. Minimum 12 months’ stand up forklift experience in warehouse or manufacturing environment 2. Familiarity with RF Scanner 3. Familiarity with Warehouse Management Systems 4. High school diploma or GED equivalent 5. Possession of a valid state driver’s license Company Description SkillsetGroup, LLC together with its subsidiaries, provides workforce solutions to various industries within the United States. The company offers trained employees for...Glazing Project ManagerAtascadero Glass Inc. Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description POSITION: Project Manager REPORTS TO: VP of Operations FULL TIME/ PART TIME: Full Time About Atascadero Glass Inc: Founded in 1963, Atascadero Glass is the largest non-union glazing contractor in Central California. We strive to maintain and strengthen our position as the preferred choice of commercial contractors for their glass and glazing needs and to provide a positive work environment for our team members. In accordance with our emphasis on Safety, Integrity and Quality we are committed to our employees personal and professional growth, while supplying the highest standard of service to our customers. SUMMARY: Our Project Managers play a critical role in our successful operation. Through rigorous pre-planning, they ensure that projects are performed safely, with high quality and profitably. Successful project managers will effectively pre-plan and communicate with key parties including customers, vendors, AGI fabrication and field teams...Jan 23, 2021Job Description POSITION: Project Manager REPORTS TO: VP of Operations FULL TIME/ PART TIME: Full Time About Atascadero Glass Inc: Founded in 1963, Atascadero Glass is the largest non-union glazing contractor in Central California. We strive to maintain and strengthen our position as the preferred choice of commercial contractors for their glass and glazing needs and to provide a positive work environment for our team members. In accordance with our emphasis on Safety, Integrity and Quality we are committed to our employees personal and professional growth, while supplying the highest standard of service to our customers. SUMMARY: Our Project Managers play a critical role in our successful operation. Through rigorous pre-planning, they ensure that projects are performed safely, with high quality and profitably. Successful project managers will effectively pre-plan and communicate with key parties including customers, vendors, AGI fabrication and field teams...Design ManagerCMTS LLC Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description CMTS LLC., is currently seeking a Design Manager to join our team!!! Responsibilities: · Manages, develops, and coordinates the District’s design process for the A&E Services to ensure that plans are within functional program, budgetary, environmental and legal requirements. · Manages multiple projects, including engineering repair and critical repair, through interaction with Architects, consultants, and District personnel to ensure timely completion of these projects. · Oversees the building design process to ensure compliance with LAUSD’s standards and guidelines for the District by working with design professionals and various District administrators to ensure that new and modernized structures meet both educational and building standards requirements. · Establishes and follows a process to identify and select the architectural firm best suited for each project based on the firms’ qualifications and ability to...Jan 23, 2021Job Description CMTS LLC., is currently seeking a Design Manager to join our team!!! Responsibilities: · Manages, develops, and coordinates the District’s design process for the A&E Services to ensure that plans are within functional program, budgetary, environmental and legal requirements. · Manages multiple projects, including engineering repair and critical repair, through interaction with Architects, consultants, and District personnel to ensure timely completion of these projects. · Oversees the building design process to ensure compliance with LAUSD’s standards and guidelines for the District by working with design professionals and various District administrators to ensure that new and modernized structures meet both educational and building standards requirements. · Establishes and follows a process to identify and select the architectural firm best suited for each project based on the firms’ qualifications and ability to...Senior Design ManagerCMTS LLC Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description CMTS LLC., is currently seeking a Senior Design Manager to join our team!!! Responsibilities: · Manages multiple projects with particular emphasis on seismic, critical repair and retrofit Projects. · Manages and supervises a team of design professionals and other professionals through the design review process. · Manages, develops, and coordinates the District’s design process for the A&E services to ensure that design plans are within functional program, budgetary, environmental and legal requirements. · Manages multiple projects, including engineering repair and critical repair, through interaction with Architects, consultants, and District personnel to ensure timely completion of these projects. · Oversees the building design process to ensure compliance with LAUSD’s standards and guidelines for the District by working with design professionals and various District administrators to ensure that new...Jan 23, 2021Job Description CMTS LLC., is currently seeking a Senior Design Manager to join our team!!! Responsibilities: · Manages multiple projects with particular emphasis on seismic, critical repair and retrofit Projects. · Manages and supervises a team of design professionals and other professionals through the design review process. · Manages, develops, and coordinates the District’s design process for the A&E services to ensure that design plans are within functional program, budgetary, environmental and legal requirements. · Manages multiple projects, including engineering repair and critical repair, through interaction with Architects, consultants, and District personnel to ensure timely completion of these projects. · Oversees the building design process to ensure compliance with LAUSD’s standards and guidelines for the District by working with design professionals and various District administrators to ensure that new...Security Tech WriterSaicon Consultants Inc Northridge, Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description Job Role : Security Tech Writer Location : Northridge, CA Type of Hire : Contract Job Roles/Responsibilities: Primary Skills: 5+ Overall years of experience in Technical Writing. Description: Responsibilities · Work with engineering team to obtain an in-depth understanding of the specific scope of work. · Work with Security SMEs on security-related deliverables. Document threats and vulnerabilities in Medtronic and third-party products. · Coordinate with Business Analysts, development and testing team to analyze product changes and security impact. · Produce high-quality documentation that meets applicable standards and is appropriate for its intended audience. · Revise existing documents to confirm to engineering and process changes. · Review documentation according to security engineering policies, standards and procedures. · Check own and peer writer documents for accuracy and completeness. Skills · 5+ Overall years...Jan 23, 2021Job Description Job Role : Security Tech Writer Location : Northridge, CA Type of Hire : Contract Job Roles/Responsibilities: Primary Skills: 5+ Overall years of experience in Technical Writing. Description: Responsibilities · Work with engineering team to obtain an in-depth understanding of the specific scope of work. · Work with Security SMEs on security-related deliverables. Document threats and vulnerabilities in Medtronic and third-party products. · Coordinate with Business Analysts, development and testing team to analyze product changes and security impact. · Produce high-quality documentation that meets applicable standards and is appropriate for its intended audience. · Revise existing documents to confirm to engineering and process changes. · Review documentation according to security engineering policies, standards and procedures. · Check own and peer writer documents for accuracy and completeness. Skills · 5+ Overall years...Staff AccountantFralock Chatsworth, Los Angeles, CA, USAStaff Accountant Company: Careers Technology (Fralock) Location: Chatsworth, CA Salary: $65K - $75K /YR DOE + Benefits Shift: Full Time Description Fralock is a well-established manufacturing company, based in the Santa Clarita Valley, that has a 50-year history of excellence. We are growing rapidly and have a Staff Accountant position at our Careers Technology location in Chatsworth, CA . We are looking for people who exemplify strong work ethics, values, dedication, and character with the ability to make independent, intelligent decisions. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, which is focused on exploring and developing the next generation technology while offering opportunities for advancement, apply today. We offer Paid Vacation/Sick/Holiday, 401K (after 1 month of employment beginning 1/1/2021), annual bonus program (conditions apply), Medical/Vision/Dental coverage growth opportunities, training assistance programs and many more!...Jan 22, 2021Staff Accountant Company: Careers Technology (Fralock) Location: Chatsworth, CA Salary: $65K - $75K /YR DOE + Benefits Shift: Full Time Description Fralock is a well-established manufacturing company, based in the Santa Clarita Valley, that has a 50-year history of excellence. We are growing rapidly and have a Staff Accountant position at our Careers Technology location in Chatsworth, CA . We are looking for people who exemplify strong work ethics, values, dedication, and character with the ability to make independent, intelligent decisions. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, which is focused on exploring and developing the next generation technology while offering opportunities for advancement, apply today. We offer Paid Vacation/Sick/Holiday, 401K (after 1 month of employment beginning 1/1/2021), annual bonus program (conditions apply), Medical/Vision/Dental coverage growth opportunities, training assistance programs and many more!...Forklift OperatorSkillset Group Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description Temp to Hire. We are recruiting a Forklift Operator to join our team! Your position will focus on the safe and efficient movement of products and materials. Responsibilities: Operate various vehicles for storage or removal of materials Stand up, Sit down, and Cherry Picker. Prepare products and materials for shipment Load, unload, and stage products and materials Track and record units of materials handled Adhere to safety policies and procedures Steel Toes Required ​ Qualifications: Experience in general labor, construction, or other related fields Familiarity with a pallet jack, forklift, or other industrial vehicles Ability to handle physical workload Strong work ethic Company Description Skillset Group, LLC together with its subsidiaries, provides workforce solutions to various industries within the United States. The company offers trained employees for Information Technology, Engineering, Accounting & Finance, Administrative &...Jan 22, 2021Job Description Temp to Hire. We are recruiting a Forklift Operator to join our team! Your position will focus on the safe and efficient movement of products and materials. Responsibilities: Operate various vehicles for storage or removal of materials Stand up, Sit down, and Cherry Picker. Prepare products and materials for shipment Load, unload, and stage products and materials Track and record units of materials handled Adhere to safety policies and procedures Steel Toes Required ​ Qualifications: Experience in general labor, construction, or other related fields Familiarity with a pallet jack, forklift, or other industrial vehicles Ability to handle physical workload Strong work ethic Company Description Skillset Group, LLC together with its subsidiaries, provides workforce solutions to various industries within the United States. The company offers trained employees for Information Technology, Engineering, Accounting & Finance, Administrative &...Shipping and ReceivingSkillsetGroup - Professional Staffing Solutions Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description Temp-Hire Punch Press- Set up 1st shift. This is their biggest need! This is setting up and operating small punch presses. Some of the machines they have are: - Kenco 20 Ton - Bliss 45 – 70 Ton - Greenerd (Hydraulic) 75 Ton - Wysong (Shear) Pay range $19-20 for Set up and Operation. $16-17 for only Operation Buffer – 1 for 1st shift and 1 for 2nd shift Polishing metal, deburrers do well here Pay Range 16-17/ hour for first shift. 17.00 for second shift Shipping and Receiving Clerk – 1st shift FedEx and UPS paperwork, Computer literate, sit forklift (Used occasionally) Pay Range $16-18 Purchasing – Senior Buyer for 1st shift Katie and her team is working on this one. Tool Crib attendant – 1st shift If you cannot find an experienced tool crib attendant you can find someone familiar with machines and tools (NTMA graduate) with good computer/ inventory experience. Pay Range 16-18 Material Handler – 1st shift...Jan 22, 2021Job Description Temp-Hire Punch Press- Set up 1st shift. This is their biggest need! This is setting up and operating small punch presses. Some of the machines they have are: - Kenco 20 Ton - Bliss 45 – 70 Ton - Greenerd (Hydraulic) 75 Ton - Wysong (Shear) Pay range $19-20 for Set up and Operation. $16-17 for only Operation Buffer – 1 for 1st shift and 1 for 2nd shift Polishing metal, deburrers do well here Pay Range 16-17/ hour for first shift. 17.00 for second shift Shipping and Receiving Clerk – 1st shift FedEx and UPS paperwork, Computer literate, sit forklift (Used occasionally) Pay Range $16-18 Purchasing – Senior Buyer for 1st shift Katie and her team is working on this one. Tool Crib attendant – 1st shift If you cannot find an experienced tool crib attendant you can find someone familiar with machines and tools (NTMA graduate) with good computer/ inventory experience. Pay Range 16-18 Material Handler – 1st shift...NetSuite Lead ConsultantRockhammer Talent Solutions Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description We are seeking to hire a full time NetSuite Lead Consultant for our client. This is a remote work opportunity from any location in the USA A typical day as a NetSuite Lead Consultant might include: Perform full NetSuite ERP and CRM implementations utilizing the appropriate implementation methodology, interacting directly with senior-level client personnel; provide client training (on-site and/or web-based) as needed. Plan and consult with customers on business process improvements in order to configure the system features/functions to client requirements and needs. Manage various engagements concurrently with aggressive timelines; outline implementation objectives, issues, findings and recommendations in a variety of client situations. Work as a team with other consultants to assess client implementation needs, craft innovative solutions and implement these plans to a level which exceed client expectations. Develop and communicate client requirements...Jan 22, 2021Job Description We are seeking to hire a full time NetSuite Lead Consultant for our client. This is a remote work opportunity from any location in the USA A typical day as a NetSuite Lead Consultant might include: Perform full NetSuite ERP and CRM implementations utilizing the appropriate implementation methodology, interacting directly with senior-level client personnel; provide client training (on-site and/or web-based) as needed. Plan and consult with customers on business process improvements in order to configure the system features/functions to client requirements and needs. Manage various engagements concurrently with aggressive timelines; outline implementation objectives, issues, findings and recommendations in a variety of client situations. Work as a team with other consultants to assess client implementation needs, craft innovative solutions and implement these plans to a level which exceed client expectations. Develop and communicate client requirements...PackerSkillsetGroup - Professional Staffing Solutions Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description Packaging- Exercise machine parts Experience in Packing various heavy items Company Description SkillsetGroup, LLC together with its subsidiaries, provides workforce solutions to various industries within the United States. The company offers trained employees for Information Technology, Engineering, Accounting & Finance, Administrative & Clerical, Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Food & Beverage, Government, Manufacturing, Medical Device, Pharmaceutical, Plastics, Warehouse and Distribution for temporary, full-time and senior-level project professionals. The company also provides scientists, and scientific and clinical research workforce solutions; engineering professionals and information technology specialists across various disciplines. Further, the company provides integrated talent management solutions, including contingent workforce outsourcing, business process outsourcing, recruitment process outsourcing, independent contractor,...Jan 22, 2021Job Description Packaging- Exercise machine parts Experience in Packing various heavy items Company Description SkillsetGroup, LLC together with its subsidiaries, provides workforce solutions to various industries within the United States. The company offers trained employees for Information Technology, Engineering, Accounting & Finance, Administrative & Clerical, Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Food & Beverage, Government, Manufacturing, Medical Device, Pharmaceutical, Plastics, Warehouse and Distribution for temporary, full-time and senior-level project professionals. The company also provides scientists, and scientific and clinical research workforce solutions; engineering professionals and information technology specialists across various disciplines. Further, the company provides integrated talent management solutions, including contingent workforce outsourcing, business process outsourcing, recruitment process outsourcing, independent contractor,...Materials ManagerFralock Chatsworth, Los Angeles, CA, USAMaterials Manager Company: Career Technologies Reports to: Vice President of Operations Shift: Day Salary Range: $90,000.00 to $110,000.00 Main Functions: Responsible to lead the implementation and management of a sustainable, World Class production planning, scheduling and inventory management. This includes leadership of activities related to production scheduling, inventory control and capacity planning. Ensure customer shipments are scheduled to be on time to the original promise date through utilization of the available resources with limited overtime, agreed upon standards and at the planned cost. Supervises production schedulers, expeditors and inventory management team. Objectives: The Material Manager leads and manages related production control and inventory management processes to ensure an integrated process that meets customer requirements, minimizes cost, maximizes effectiveness, continuously improves and establishes an inventory...Jan 21, 2021Materials Manager Company: Career Technologies Reports to: Vice President of Operations Shift: Day Salary Range: $90,000.00 to $110,000.00 Main Functions: Responsible to lead the implementation and management of a sustainable, World Class production planning, scheduling and inventory management. This includes leadership of activities related to production scheduling, inventory control and capacity planning. Ensure customer shipments are scheduled to be on time to the original promise date through utilization of the available resources with limited overtime, agreed upon standards and at the planned cost. Supervises production schedulers, expeditors and inventory management team. Objectives: The Material Manager leads and manages related production control and inventory management processes to ensure an integrated process that meets customer requirements, minimizes cost, maximizes effectiveness, continuously improves and establishes an inventory...Site Reliability EngineerConfidential Los Angeles, CA, USAENGINEERING Site Reliability Engineer job open @ Fox Cable Network Services, LLC in Los Angeles, CA. Full details & rqmts@ www.foxcareers.com. Job # R50013090 recblid bdkwevzla7hw2qcarjj1nm7rp9ki0uJan 21, 2021ENGINEERING Site Reliability Engineer job open @ Fox Cable Network Services, LLC in Los Angeles, CA. Full details & rqmts@ www.foxcareers.com. Job # R50013090 recblid bdkwevzla7hw2qcarjj1nm7rp9ki0uTower Technician Apprentice - US Veterans WantedCollabFirst Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description What is a Tower Technician? Do you want a fulfilling career with a premier telecommunications provider? Are you interested in career growth opportunities? Looking into the industry: 5G is evolving and the industry needs 20,000 technicians to install small cell sites Fast growth - progress fast as you learn on-the-job Travel and see the world from a different vantage point Looking to train (on the job) individuals in the art of tower climbing, repair, maintenance and construction! Benefits of a Tower Technician Apprentice: Will train the right individual from the ground up with on-the-job-training Military Veteran friendly employer Pay is based on prior experience and can range from $17-20/hr PTO, 401k Health, Dental, Vision Long and Short Term Disability Responsibilities of a Tower Technician Apprentice: Assist in the installation of all aspects of wireless cell site foundations Installation of up-top equipment including masts,...Jan 21, 2021Job Description What is a Tower Technician? Do you want a fulfilling career with a premier telecommunications provider? Are you interested in career growth opportunities? Looking into the industry: 5G is evolving and the industry needs 20,000 technicians to install small cell sites Fast growth - progress fast as you learn on-the-job Travel and see the world from a different vantage point Looking to train (on the job) individuals in the art of tower climbing, repair, maintenance and construction! Benefits of a Tower Technician Apprentice: Will train the right individual from the ground up with on-the-job-training Military Veteran friendly employer Pay is based on prior experience and can range from $17-20/hr PTO, 401k Health, Dental, Vision Long and Short Term Disability Responsibilities of a Tower Technician Apprentice: Assist in the installation of all aspects of wireless cell site foundations Installation of up-top equipment including masts,...Business Development/Fundraising Consultant-Part-timePNP Staffing Group Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description Our client is searching for a Fundraising/Development Consultant to create new contribution partnerships with businesses, institutions, and individuals. Our client mission is to protect and regenerate the most endangered rainforest in the world. Based in the Jama-Coaque Ecological Reserve in the Pacific Equatorial forest was founded to preserve the magic and stop the tragic. Funding is needed for both land purchase to expand the preserve and innovative local community reforestation programs that will not only curb deforestation around these last remnants they will reverse it. The Fundraising/Development Consultant will have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the mission and vision and ensure the organization's continued success and growth. Primary responsibilities for this position are: · Research and identification of potential donors with a focus on major gifts, corporate sponsorships, and universities · Development and cultivation of...Jan 20, 2021Job Description Our client is searching for a Fundraising/Development Consultant to create new contribution partnerships with businesses, institutions, and individuals. Our client mission is to protect and regenerate the most endangered rainforest in the world. Based in the Jama-Coaque Ecological Reserve in the Pacific Equatorial forest was founded to preserve the magic and stop the tragic. Funding is needed for both land purchase to expand the preserve and innovative local community reforestation programs that will not only curb deforestation around these last remnants they will reverse it. The Fundraising/Development Consultant will have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the mission and vision and ensure the organization's continued success and growth. Primary responsibilities for this position are: · Research and identification of potential donors with a focus on major gifts, corporate sponsorships, and universities · Development and cultivation of...Staff AccountantConfidential Los Angeles, CA, USAStaff Accountant - James M. Cha, CPA & Company recblid f5kjb3zj8n9xhx46f67wnmikh53nlzJan 18, 2021Staff Accountant - James M. Cha, CPA & Company recblid f5kjb3zj8n9xhx46f67wnmikh53nlzJewelry DesignerConfidential Los Angeles, CA, USAJewelry Designer Create, design, layout for variety of jewelry articles. 40 hrs/week, full time. Send resume to: Structure Manufacturing of Fine Jewelry, 635 S Olive St, Los Angeles, Ca 90014. recblid 8ngrng1ltxuhryrdm52pjr08zwxuicJan 18, 2021Jewelry Designer Create, design, layout for variety of jewelry articles. 40 hrs/week, full time. Send resume to: Structure Manufacturing of Fine Jewelry, 635 S Olive St, Los Angeles, Ca 90014. recblid 8ngrng1ltxuhryrdm52pjr08zwxuicCounselorConfidential Los Angeles, CA, USACounselor. Counsel and advice individuals to promote emotional, spiritual health. Master's in Counseling or related. Elim Healthcare Inc., 1126 S. West-moreland Ave., LA, CA 90006 recblid xnoasqg9wcspobucyhkafabpzsndukJan 18, 2021Counselor. Counsel and advice individuals to promote emotional, spiritual health. Master's in Counseling or related. Elim Healthcare Inc., 1126 S. West-moreland Ave., LA, CA 90006 recblid xnoasqg9wcspobucyhkafabpzsndukProgram SchedulerCMTS LLC Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description GENERAL OVERVIEW: CMTS is currently seeking a Program Scheduler to join our team! The Program Scheduler will develop and maintain program schedules identifying relationships, logic, milestones, and constraints for construction projects of various types. PRIMARY DUTIES AND KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Monitors and actively participates in project and program scheduling issues while administering best practices and standards Obtains accurate and timely program schedule updates from project teams and performs QA/QC on information received Creates and develops conceptual what-if schedules for multiple project types including large complex multi-year projects Performs Critical Path analysis and Earned Value analysis Prepares ad-hoc reports and analysis as directed by management REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: Eight (8) years full time paid professional experience in Scheduling for an owner or General Contractor, preferably working on multiple educational...Jan 16, 2021Job Description GENERAL OVERVIEW: CMTS is currently seeking a Program Scheduler to join our team! The Program Scheduler will develop and maintain program schedules identifying relationships, logic, milestones, and constraints for construction projects of various types. PRIMARY DUTIES AND KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Monitors and actively participates in project and program scheduling issues while administering best practices and standards Obtains accurate and timely program schedule updates from project teams and performs QA/QC on information received Creates and develops conceptual what-if schedules for multiple project types including large complex multi-year projects Performs Critical Path analysis and Earned Value analysis Prepares ad-hoc reports and analysis as directed by management REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: Eight (8) years full time paid professional experience in Scheduling for an owner or General Contractor, preferably working on multiple educational...HRA Production AnalystEpisource LLC Los Angeles, CA, USAJob Description EPISOURCE Are you looking for an opportunity to maximize your potential? At Episource, our mission is to provide transparency, efficiency, and elegance to a complex and constantly changing healthcare industry. In short, our aim is to Simplify Healthcare. As a fast-moving, entrepreneurial healthcare technology and services company, we are committed to hiring and developing exceptional talent. Our teams are creating cutting edge solutions to transform the healthcare system, so we can impact lives for the better, and our teammates are the fuel that ignite us every day. In order to achieve our goal, we seek talented, passionate professionals looking to build a career with an organization focused equally on agility and innovation. WHAT WE’RE ALL ABOUT At Episource, our journey started in 2006 with medical billing and coding services for physicians, then pivoted to HCC coding for payers. Today, we are an end-to-end enterprise for Risk Adjustment solutions. We’ve...Jan 16, 2021Job Description EPISOURCE Are you looking for an opportunity to maximize your potential? At Episource, our mission is to provide transparency, efficiency, and elegance to a complex and constantly changing healthcare industry. In short, our aim is to Simplify Healthcare. As a fast-moving, entrepreneurial healthcare technology and services company, we are committed to hiring and developing exceptional talent. Our teams are creating cutting edge solutions to transform the healthcare system, so we can impact lives for the better, and our teammates are the fuel that ignite us every day. In order to achieve our goal, we seek talented, passionate professionals looking to build a career with an organization focused equally on agility and innovation. WHAT WE’RE ALL ABOUT At Episource, our journey started in 2006 with medical billing and coding services for physicians, then pivoted to HCC coding for payers. Today, we are an end-to-end enterprise for Risk Adjustment solutions. We’ve...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSign inBrowse CompaniesVeteran Job SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFree IT TrainingFacebookTwitterLinkedInInstagramApple iTunes AppGoogle Play App© 2021 Hire Our Heroes Veteran Job Board 2.0The Best Way to Honor a Veteran is to Hire One"
