"Buon Viaggio Blog with Barbara Winter – Page 3 – Your Joyfully Jobless Toolbox . Other methods of delivery just aren’t the same. When I started my first business, it was obvious that mail order would be part of it. That’s why I’ve been adamant about keeping Winning Ways newsletter something that can only be accessed from your mailbox. Longtime subscribers often send me notes when they renew and tell me how they celebrate the arrival of Winning Ways. That’s a connection I want to keep making. If that sounds oddly old-fashioned, so be it. After all, it was the post office that showed me there was a bigger world that needed to be explored. All these years later, I still feel a tiny thrill every time I put the key in my box. Who knows what delights are waiting inside that small space that will add more joy to my day?Several times a week, I grab a copy of Seminar in a Sentence, a little book I published a few years ago that contains some of my favorite quotes. When I was tracking down a half-remembered bit of wisdom today, I reread the introduction to the book and decided to share it here.°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°Although I don't know when I began collecting quotes, I do know that I learned about the power of words early in life. As a student at Trinity Lutheran School, I began memorizing Bible passages as so as I entered first grade. As I got older, I discovered that these words I'd committed to memory often came in handy when I was confused or frustrated. They also could be used to win arguments with my younger siblings. When I was a bit older, my hardworking Aunt Marge advised me to memorize beautiful poems, \"So you can recite them to yourself when you're scrubbing the floor.\" That bit of advice both surprised and moved me. Seeing her working hard to care for her two daughters, I often wondered what lovely poem was on her mind. More beautiful words entered my life when I chose English as my college major and, later, taught English to reluctant high school students. However, this was more an exercise in appreciating fine writing than it was in taking those words to heart. It wasn't until I began my journey of self-discovery that I found myself startled, encouraged and inspired by the words of others. How did that author know I needed to hear those very words? Were there universal truths that could be revisited over and over again and make an impact every time? I didn't really care what the explanation was. It was enough to know that despite distances of time and geography, there were others who had thoughts that touched me and, frequently, lighted my path. When I began writing myself, it seemed natural to include quotes from my growing collection. I also noticed that although I never intentionally memorized these words—not even my favorites—they often had lodged in my memory and would show up in the most casual of conversations. One day a quote-loving friend and I were talking about the power of words. I said, \"I think a good quote is a seminar in a sentence.\" I still think that and urge you to start your own collection, if you haven't done so already. They will be at your service when you need a quick seminar. Here's the quote I was searching for today. It's from C.S. Lewis and has been a favorite of mine ever since I first came across it.Good things as well as bad are caught by a kind of infection.If you want to get warm, you must stand near the fire; if you want to get wet you must get into the water.If you want joy, peace, eternal life you must get close to, or even into the thing that has them.They are a great fountain of energy and beauty spurting up at the very center of reality.If you are close to it, the spray will wet you. If you are not, you will remain dry.After a conversation with a delightful stranger, I shared the experience on Facebook saying, “Oh, I love serendipity.” After I’d posted, I began to wonder if calling it serendipity was accurate. While the common understanding of serendipity defines it as unexpected good fortune, it goes further than that. In The World of Serendipity, author Marcus Bach explains why some people enjoy a large measure of unexpected good while others rarely have such experiences. He writes, “Once upon a time, there lived an Englishman named Horace Walpole. He was best known for his passion for writing letters. For most of his life, he kept the postman busy lugging mail away from his home. “On one occasion, Walpole wrote that an old Persian fairy tale had made a deep impression on him. The tale had to do with The Princes of Serendip. These three young noblemen, traveling the world, rarely found the treasures they were looking for, but continually ran into other treasures equally great or even greater than the ones they were seeking. “Even though their goals eluded them, they were more than rewarded with their wayside discoveries, and soon it was as if an unseen power and guidance seemed to know better than they knew what was best for them.” Therein lies the key to serendipity. It does not occur when we are passively waiting for something you happen. We must be actively engaged in the pursuit of some goal and, yet, be willing for it to turn out differently than imagined. I’m reminded of a woman who called and excitedly announced, “I had the best time today being Joyfully Jobless!” She told me about some new people she’d met and discoveries she’d made for her business. A year and a half earlier, this same woman was feeling hurt when she was dismissed from her job with a large corporation. Would this enthusiastic conversation have happened if she was still punching a time clock? Letting go of situations, relationships and belongings that have outlived their usefulness is also important if we are to experience grander possibilities for ourselves. Marcus Bach explains, “This is one of the deep secrets of serendipity. While serendipity means finding joy and meaning in discoveries on the way to a stated goal, the secret is to look upon incidental goals as substantial and upon accidental happenings as purposeful.” Make room for unexpected good fortune in the weeks and months ahead. If you do, you’ll find yourself greeting each day with an enthusiasm and anticipation you never had before. Did I mention that enthusiasm and anticipation are magnets for serendipity?When my Aunt Marge was alive, I visited her as often as possible. She was eager to hear about my travels and recent adventures. Somewhere in the conversation, she would exclaim, “Oh, you meet the most interesting people.” I totally agreed, of course. While I have a long list of things I love about being self-employed, Meeting Interesting People is one of my favorite perks. People who are passionately engaged in what they’re creating are pilgrims on the road to Being More. That may not have entered their mind when they began following their ideas, but it is a powerful bonus of creating and sharing their unique offerings. One of the things I love most is watching a new business evolve. Although I hadn’t met her at the time, I still recall the email I got from Connie Solera telling me about her plans to leave teaching and create more art. Her Dirty Footprints Studio has been responsible for helping women from all over the world get in touch with their creative spirit. Recently, Connie did two painting retreats in Oaxaca, Mexico and shared each day’s activities on Facebook. I’m pretty sure I wasn’t the only one who waited patiently for those lively posts that arrived every evening. Fearless Painting, indeed! Go see for yourself what these women produced. It’s also fascinating to me how people find each other. I recently did a Skype call with Tiffoni Lewis and her husband Neil. They are building a fun mobile pottery painting business from their home near San Antonio, Texas. A while back, Tiffoni’s father came to my seminar in Las Vegas. He later sent me a note saying he wanted to give her a gift subscription to Winning Ways newsletter. That led to an email from Tiffoni asking if we could chat. When I was growing up, the people I knew were mostly those who lived in the same small town. Creating a business that involves travel expanded my horizons and my circle of friends. Just this morning I had a message from Carlo Pescatori. I met this entrepreneurial Venetian when my sisters, brother and I rented an apartment from him several years ago. Last week, I had a message from Kathie Kelling in Phoenix who is planning a trip to Venice and was seeking advice. I promptly thought of Carlo’s place and sent along information to her. Connecting people with each other is another fun perk of the Joyfully Jobless Journey. This morning’s email also had a message from Patrice Wynne, a delightful woman I met on my trip to San Miguel de Allende in December. Patrice has a lovely textile shop that uses local talent to produce its’ products. The shop, named Abrazos, Spanish for embrace, benefits the community in numerous ways including employing local seamstresses to produce the bathrobes, shirts, aprons and other colorful items sold in the shop. Visit their site and read about their collaborations with museums including the Boston Museum of Fine Arts who are selling items from Abrazos in conjunction with exhibits of Frida Kahlo’s work and other Mexican artists. When I was starting out in my seminar business, I offered a program on creating a mail order business. While I am enthusiastic about this sort of profit center, I wasn’t nearly so thrilled with teaching the class since it seemed to attract misanthropes. I removed it from my repertoire after only two sessions. Of course, the internet has made it possible for people who don’t like people to run a business with no direct human contact. That would never work for me. As Caroline Myss so wisely advised us, “We evolve at the rate of the tribe we’re plugged into.” Wishing you a tribe as wonderful as mine.I know Halloween is long past, but I came across this piece I’d posted on my blog five years ago and decided it was worth another visit. I also shared it in Joyfully Jobless News in November. It’s a reminder that the learning never ends when you’re building a dream.*******My mailbox has been getting some truly spooky messages lately. It’s not the first time, of course, but I’m still startled when I get one of these cries for help. The scariest of these messages goes like this: ”I think I want to start my own business. What should I do?” I also shiver when someone asks, “I want to write. What should I do?” No, these aren’t zombies asking the question, but they send chills down my spine because they remind me that too many of us are lacking some basic tools—tools that could get us pointed in the right direction and keep us heading that way. The next time someone asks, “What should I do?” I’m going to send them this list of answers. ° Start an investigation. Do your homework. Head out to the library. See if your community has resources that can be of help. As Jim Rohn said, “If you wish to find, you must search. Rarely does a good idea interrupt you.” ° Make space. If you’re going to start a new project, you need to make room for it. That frequently means you must first clear out some space. Frequently, that requires spending your time on things that don’t serve your true goals. “What I discovered,” says architect Sarah Susanka, “is that when you make the time and space for what you long to do, everything else shifts to accommodate it. It never works the other way around. If you wait until there’s time to do what you want, you’ll be waiting until your eighty-fifth birthday.” ° Listen to informed sources. Seems so obvious to me, but I’m astonished at how often people take advice from people who don’t know. The more you investigate, the wiser you’ll become about who has the information that you can use. ° Learn to synthesize. Adopting and adapting in order to produce something new is a time-honored tool of the creative spirit. If you’re growing a business, that means paying close attention to the things you like and don’t like as a consumer and asking yourself which policies and procedures you will integrate into your own enterprise—and which you’ll consciously avoid. ° Break your goals into 90-Day Projects. Give your projects a theme. Immerse, don’t dabble. At the end of 90 days, evaluate and decide if you’ve accomplished your objectives. If not, decide if you are up for giving it another 90 days. ° Remember this: “Good things as well as bad are caught by a kind of infection,” writer C.S. Lewis pointed out. “If you want to get warm you must stand near the fire; if you want to get wet you must get into the water.If you want joy, peace, eternal life, you must get close to, or even into, the thing that has them. “They are a great fountain of energy and beauty spurting up at the very center of reality. If you are close to it, the spray will wet you; if you are not, you will remain dry.” Throughout our Joyfully Jobless Journeys we’ll need help. New goals require new information, new ideas, new connections. Don’t hesitate to look for it, but also realize that the ultimate responsibility for making your dreams happen is in your hands. It's National Boss's Day, a day that I celebrate heartily since I have the perfect boss. It took her awhile to figure things out, of course, but lifelong learning is one of the gifts of self-employment. When I started my first business, I didn’t know another self-employed person who was creating something unique. There was no internet and not many books that were written for someone wanting to start a one-person operation. It was all trial and error…lots of error. Today there are abundant resources, but some of the most important things I learned still aren’t being acknowledged. Here are eight things I wish I had known sooner. ° The business you start out with is not the business you end up with. By its’ very nature, business is an evolutionary process. As you change and grow—and as the marketplace changes and grows—you’ll make adjustments. The good news is that you can get started wherever and whenever you want without having to know every detail. Be willing for your business to deliver pleasant surprises and lessons. ° Refuse to take advice from uninformed sources. It’s easy when you’re filled with self-doubt to listen to dream bashers. Don’t do it. And don’t solicit advice from those who have failed. It’s amazing to me how often I talk to people who have abandoned a great idea because someone who knew nothing about their business (and probably wasn’t even an entrepreneur themselves) talked them out of it. As the Persian poet Rumi wisely advised, “When setting out on a journey, do not seek advice from someone who has never left home.” ° Know the difference between an expense and an investment. Many new self-bossers see any outlay of money as an expense. While your business will have costs associated with running it, spending money now to produce a greater good in the future is an investment. Your money needs to go to both. Some of the biggest return on investment comes when you invest in yourself. ° What you don’t know can be learned. Learn how to research your ideas and connect with informed sources. If you operate on the assumption that you can acquire the information and skills you need at every stage of development, you’ll always have the pleasure of being a voluntary student. Equally important is determining which parts of doing business make your heart sing and which make your heart sink. Once you know that, you can farm out the parts you’re not good at. Know what you want to know and know what you don’t care about knowing. ° Personal growth is a daily activity. Paul Hawken says, “Being in business is not about making money. It’s a way to become who you are.” I became an entrepreneur because I was curious about what I could become. Self-employment continues to be my best teacher. In order for your enterprise to reach its’ fullest potential, you have to reach yours. An occasional seminar or personal growth book or CD isn’t going to have the impact that daily work does, even though those tools are also important. ° Don’t confuse a project with a dream. Your dreams are your ultimate destination. A project is a step along the way. Too many people use a project failure as an excuse to abandon their dreams. Know the difference and don’t make that mistake. ° Patience is your best friend. There’s a fine line between being patient and being a procrastinator. It seems to me that what many people call failure is simply running out of patience, giving up before their idea had a chance to blossom. Remind yourself that you can’t possibly know how long it will take to accomplish something you’ve never done before. Be willing to be impatiently patient. ° Know the difference between taking a risk and taking a calculated risk. Timid people who are not self-bossers think that you’re a wild person jeopardizing your family and your finances. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Studies have shown that successful entrepreneurs take risks, but they’re cautious, calculated ones based on research and intuition. Do your homework. Take a step. Of course, part of the appeal and adventure of being joyfully jobless is not always knowing exactly how things will turn out. Be willing to let things turn out better than you imagined.This past weekend I did my first seminar series of 2016. In the nearly thirty years that I’ve been a gypsy teacher, this is a startling contrast to my previous years when I was teaching every month. This unusual experience began with the evil virus I contracted in March. Not only did I have to cancel several events, I was unwilling to book future classes not knowing when or if I would recover. As I headed to Sacramento I was filled with trepidation. Would I remember how to do this? Had I gotten rusty? Fortunately, my classes had delightful participants and I savored being back in my natural habitat. I was also encouraged by a mailing done by author and speaker Tosha Silver a few weeks ago. She wrote, “If you feel like you've been through the mill this year, oh my, no, you're not crazy. “All through 2016, we've been in a profound and often deeply challenging death and rebirth on many dimensions. I write this days after a major solar eclipse in Virgo; up next is a big lunar eclipse in Pisces on September 16. “Both these events start a 'refilling' after an important 'emptying' that's dominated most the year, through endless retrogrades and preparation. In a way, you could say the pot has been agonizingly cleaned to the bottom and is ready to cook. “You may feel like your inspiration and vitality is finally returning, even if it's just in the earliest stage. (And if not, don’t worry, movement is likely on the way.) “Personally, I’m happy to be ready to teach in person again. (No matter how often people asked for this in 2016, I was totally stopped). So I’ll be doing the first small, private class in ten months in NYC on October 1.” When I read that I took a deep breath and thought, “Aha. So it wasn’t just me.” I also reminded myself of the memorable line of Zora Neale Hurston’s Their Eyes Were Watching God. “There are years that ask questions and years that answer.” Seems like I’ve been in the asking year. I can’t wait to encounter the answer. How about you? After spending ten days with my siblings in Lucca, Italy, I planned to take the train back to Venice, have a bonus afternoon in my favorite city, then fly home the next day. That plan began to unravel when I went to buy my ticket and discovered a 24-hour train strike was scheduled for exactly the time I wanted to travel. After making numerous telephone calls to find an alternative option, I was assured that some trains would still be running. What I wasn’t told was that I’d be making a 5 hour sidetrip to Bologna. That little surprise didn’t arrive until we’d all gotten off the train in Bologna. Many of my fellow travelers were visibly upset. Realizing there was nothing I could do about the change in plans, I decided to look for the gift in this delay. I also suspected I was being naively optimistic. Nevertheless, I attached myself to the del Prado family from the Philippines who were backpacking around Europe with their five delightful children. I had noticed them on the train and was curious to learn more about their adventures. Wing, the mother, was not coping with the delay very well so I invited her to have a cappuccino with me.When I answered her question about what I do (I’m a self-employment advocate), she said, “You’re talking about me!” I spent the next several minutes learning about her business selling handmade children’s clothing. Then I chatted with the eldest son, Ramon, who had started a business as an animator and was about to have his first film shown on television. Since we weren’t sure exactly when our train to Venice would actually arrive, we couldn’t explore Bologna. So we hung out and spent the time together chatting and laughing and surmising about the time when we’d finally arrive in our destination. While getting to know these entrepreneurial folks was great fun, the thing that everyone noticed about the del Prados was how kind the children were to each other. Despite being together for days, they seemed to enjoy the company of each other and the shared adventure they were having. That same kindness was extended to me and when we finally parted at the train station in Venice, we were all on the verge of tears. The father said, “Thank you for making our trip so pleasant. We’ll always think of you as Auntie Barbara.” As I walked off into the darkness toward my hotel, I immediately noticed that the sidewalk was covered with water. Raised platforms had been brought in to make walking possible. I struggled to navigate the temporary walkway in the dark pulling my suitcase. When I got to the hotel, I asked about the flooding and was told there’d been such a storm all day in Venice that it looked like a hurricane was coming through. Had I arrived at the time I wanted to, I’d have gotten drenched and had to spend the afternoon and evening in my hotel room. Meeting the del Prados was a lot more fun than that—and a reminder that delays can come bearing a gift.If you plan to package information, publish a customer newsletter or establish yourself as an expert by writing and/or speaking, you’ll find yourself collecting information all of the time. Once you begin doing so, it’s easy to depend on your regular sources and forget about the other options you have for finding useful material. To make your information gathering more effective, you’ll want to tap into as many sources as possible (without making yourself dizzy). Before you do, however, set up a system for handling the material that you collect. A series of folders or files labeled with broad categories is likely to be the easiest system whether you are clipping artless of saving online discoveries. Since ideas are fleeting and can occur at anytime and anyplace, you have to be prepared to preserve them on the spot. Although you’ll depend on personal experience for some of your writing and speaking, your work will be livelier and have more impact if you support what you have to say in a variety of ways. Here are some sources to consider. ° Conduct a poll or design a questionnaire. We love to know what other people are thinking and doing. As a result pollsters have created a booming business interviewing folks on every conceivable subject. You don’t need to be Gallop to conduct a poll of your own and publish the results. If you have a mailing list, you could send a questionnaire to your readers. Or you could spend a few hours at a mall or airport polling anyone who would talk to you. Members of an affinity group, conference attendees or trade show exhibiters also make fine candidates for polling. Subjects might be right in front of you. John Schroeder, author of Garage Sale Fever, created a poll by asking folks running the sales he visited how they planned to spend the money they earned from their efforts. Once you’ve got the results (and it doesn’t have to be highly scientific), write a press release or include your findings in some other work. ° Interview interesting people. Experts in your field, your peers, unusual folks in your neighborhood are all good subjects for interviewing. More and more video interviews are showing up online in blogs and YouTube channels. The key to a successful interview is to come prepared with questions you want answered. Sometimes that requires doing preliminary research on your subject. At other times, you can ask your subject for suggestions about topics they most want to discuss. Or you may find a combination of both fits. ° Subscribe to related publications in your field. What are the trends in your industry? New discoveries? Who are the movers and shakers? Keeping up in the information age can be challenging, but the better informed you are, the more credible your work will be. Take time to glean information from trade journals, general publications and specialty newsletters. Subscribe to blogs that are a fit. As an expert, one of your jobs is to scour huge amounts of information and pass along the most pertinent to your audience. ° Keep up with the latest books. Of course, you want to keep posted on the newest titles in your field. If you regularly review books on your blog or newsletter, you may find that book publishers are willing to send you review copies of their new titles. (Yes, for free.) Here’s how it works. First of all, you must request titles that are new or nearly new. When you come across a title that appeals to you, write to the promotion department of the publisher. Keep your message simple and to the point. Say something like, “As book editor of Move Ahead News, I would like to receive a review copy of Fred Brebble’s Secrets of Fabulous Fortunes, which I believe would be of interest to our success-minded readers. Thank you.” Not all requests will be granted, but when you do review a book, send two copies to the publisher. You may even find an excerpt from your review included as a testimonial when the book comes out in paperback. ° Do hardcore research. Your reference librarian can be a great asset to your research efforts. Take time to get to know what resources your local library has—and doesn’t have. Backing up your ideas with quotes, examples and stories from other experts in yourfield can add credibility and also demonstrate that you’ve done a thorough job of investigating your subject. Don’t skimp. Sometimes your information gathering will take on the personality of a detective hunt. At other times, information will seem to drop into your lap. Either way, the more you have to draw on, the more interesting the search will be for both you and your audience.Julia Cameron calls them Artist Dates. Sarah Ban Breathnach calls them Creative Excursions. Whatever you call them, they’re worth making a regular event in your life. “The Artist Date need not be overtly artistic,” says Cameron, “think mischief more than mastery. Artist Dates fire up the imagination. They spark whimsy. They encourage play. Since art is about the play of ideas, they feed our creative work by replenishing our inner well of images and inspiration.” The purpose of such solo events is to take time away regularly to visit a new place, gather ideas, or just feed your soul. Although it’s easy to find new destinations, it’s equally easy to find excuses not to do so. When people tell me they have no idea what they want to do with their life, I’m pretty certain that creative excursions have not been on their agenda. With that in mind, here are a few idea starters to get you thinking about potential excursions of your own. ° Visit a Japanese garden or arboretum. You don’t have to be a gardner yourself in order to find pleasure in beautiful landscapes. For several years, I lived within walking distance of a Japanese garden and I visited it whenever I needed a lift. ° Spend time browsing at a flea market or community festival. Imagine yourself as a vendor. What kind of booth would you have? What catches your eye? What turns you off? How would you welcome visitors? ° Go to your public library and explore an area you don’t normally browse in. Read a couple of unfamiliar magazine while you’re there. See what resources are housed in the reference area. ° Explore the scrap booking aisles at a craft store. Consider starting a scrapbook of favorite cartoons so you’ll always know where to look when you need a laugh. ° Slip off to the movies on a midweek afternoon. It’s almost like having a private screening if you catch the first showing on Tuesday. You may also feel slightly decadent. ° Gather travel brochures and pictures of destinations still to be visited. Make a collage for your office. ° Make or buy a card of congratulations and send it to yourself. Then send another to someone in need of encouragement. ° Take a nature hike. Gather seashells if you’re near an ocean or wildflowers or weeds for a bouquet if there’s a woods nearby. ° Visit a hardware store and investigate gadgets you’ve never seen before. Imagine having a project to use one of these tools. ° If you haven’t visited a local museum or art gallery, it’s time you paid a call. ° A great junk store or antique mall is another perfect place to stroll. Talk to the folks working there and find out what kinds of treasures are popular. ° Pretend you’re an investigative reporter and visit stores secretly making notes on their customer service—or lack thereof. ° Start a new collection and begin a treasure hunt. You could begin by finding all the treasures hidden in your own neighborhood. It’s not unusual for folks to overlook things in their own backyard that visitors come to see.HomeProductsWinning WaysMaking a Living Without a JobGuidesTravel GearBooksLearn From BarbaraSpecial Events & SeminarsTeleclassesBusiness IdeasExplorationsInspiration StationWhere in the World Do You Work?Business IdeasBooksAboutBarbara WinterSpecial Events & SeminarsTeleclassesContact BarbaraResourcesJoyfully Jobless ArchivesTestimonialsArticlesFellow TravelersPostcardsMy Love Affair With the Post OfficeI have had a lifelong love affair with the post office although it’s been sorely tested recently.The fallout began late last summer when another USPS branch was evicted from their space and all their boxes suddenly took over the space next to the built-in boxes in my post office.Of course, all those new postal patrons also drove cars so parking was also part of the chaos.The service was also impaired. Days would pass with no mail in the boxes and then a week’s worth would be crammed in.When regular patrons grumbled they were told it was a temporary measure and […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara connecting, growing a business, post office	2Word PowerSeveral times a week, I grab a copy of Seminar in a Sentence, a little book I published a few years ago that contains some of my favorite quotes. When I was tracking down a half-remembered bit of wisdom today, I reread the introduction to the book and decided to share it here.°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°Although I don’t know when I began collecting quotes, I do know that I learned about the power of words early in life. As a student at Trinity Lutheran School, I began memorizing Bible passages as so as I entered first grade.As I got older, I discovered […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara collecting quotes, CS Lewis, growing a business, self-discovery	0Welcoming SerendipityAfter a conversation with a delightful stranger, I shared the experience on Facebook saying, “Oh, I love serendipity.” After I’d posted, I began to wonder if calling it serendipity was accurate.While the common understanding of serendipity defines it as unexpected good fortune, it goes further than that. In The World of Serendipity, author Marcus Bach explains why some people enjoy a large measure of unexpected good while others rarely have such experiences.He writes, “Once upon a time, there lived an Englishman named Horace Walpole. He was best known for his passion for writing letters. For most of his life, […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara Goal setting, growing a business, letting go, Marcus Bach, serendipity	2Plug InWhen my Aunt Marge was alive, I visited her as often as possible. She was eager to hear about my travels and recent adventures. Somewhere in the conversation, she would exclaim, “Oh, you meet the most interesting people.”I totally agreed, of course.While I have a long list of things I love about being self-employed, Meeting Interesting People is one of my favorite perks. People who are passionately engaged in what they’re creating are pilgrims on the road to Being More.That may not have entered their mind when they began following their ideas, but it is a powerful bonus of […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara Boston Museum of Fine Arts, Caroline Myss, connections, Dirty Footprints Studio, growing a business, making connections, Winning Ways	0Spooky QuestionsI know Halloween is long past, but I came across this piece I’d posted on my blog five years ago and decided it was worth another visit. I also shared it in Joyfully Jobless News in November. It’s a reminder that the learning never ends when you’re building a dream.*******My mailbox has been getting some truly spooky messages lately. It’s not the first time, of course, but I’m still startled when I get one of these cries for help.The scariest of these messages goes like this: ”I think I want to start my own business. What should I do?”I […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara 90-Day Projects, growing a business, informed sources, investigation, lifelong learning	18 Things I Wish I’d Known Before Starting a BusinessIt’s National Boss’s Day, a day that I celebrate heartily since I have the perfect boss. It took her awhile to figure things out, of course, but lifelong learning is one of the gifts of self-employment.When I started my first business, I didn’t know another self-employed person who was creating something unique. There was no internet and not many books that were written for someone wanting to start a one-person operation. It was all trial and error…lots of error.Today there are abundant resources, but some of the most important things I learned still aren’t being acknowledged. Here are eight […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara expense vs investment, getting advice, growing a business, patience, Paul Hawken, personal growth, Rumi	0Patiently ImpatientThis past weekend I did my first seminar series of 2016. In the nearly thirty years that I’ve been a gypsy teacher, this is a startling contrast to my previous years when I was teaching every month.This unusual experience began with the evil virus I contracted in March. Not only did I have to cancel several events, I was unwilling to book future classes not knowing when or if I would recover.As I headed to Sacramento I was filled with trepidation. Would I remember how to do this? Had I gotten rusty?Fortunately, my classes had delightful participants and I […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara growing a business, patiently impatient, Tosha Silver	2The Gift of DelayAfter spending ten days with my siblings in Lucca, Italy, I planned to take the train back to Venice, have a bonus afternoon in my favorite city, then fly home the next day.That plan began to unravel when I went to buy my ticket and discovered a 24-hour train strike was scheduled for exactly the time I wanted to travel. After making numerous telephone calls to find an alternative option, I was assured that some trains would still be running.What I wasn’t told was that I’d be making a 5 hour sidetrip to Bologna. That little surprise didn’t arrive until […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara entrepreneurial strangers, gift of delay, taking care of the boss	25 Ways to Find Reliable InformationIf you plan to package information, publish a customer newsletter or establish yourself as an expert by writing and/or speaking, you’ll find yourself collecting information all of the time. Once you begin doing so, it’s easy to depend on your regular sources and forget about the other options you have for finding useful material.To make your information gathering more effective, you’ll want to tap into as many sources as possible (without making yourself dizzy).Before you do, however, set up a system for handling the material that you collect. A series of folders or files labeled with broad categories is likely to be […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara establish yourself as an expert, growing a business, information gathering	0Time for a Creative Excursion?Julia Cameron calls them Artist Dates. Sarah Ban Breathnach calls them Creative Excursions. Whatever you call them, they’re worth making a regular event in your life.“The Artist Date need not be overtly artistic,” says Cameron, “think mischief more than mastery. Artist Dates fire up the imagination. They spark whimsy. They encourage play. Since art is about the play of ideas, they feed our creative work by replenishing our inner well of images and inspiration.”The purpose of such solo events is to take time away regularly to visit a new place, gather ideas, or just feed your soul. Although it’s […] Continue Reading…in Postcard from Barbara artist date, creative excursion, getting ideas, growing a business	0«1234567...70»Recent PostsA Step in the Right DirectionWhere’s the Adventure?Beating the Work Alone BluesWhat Are You Harvesting?We Passed the Test!Recent CommentsKaren J Carr on My Love Affair With the Post OfficeRenee on Always EnoughMotivate & Inspire Your Job Search - and Your Job! on 10 Ways to Feed Your Joyfully Jobless SpiritRon on What Rick Steves Can Teach Us About BusinessMarge Albanese on My Love Affair With the Post OfficeSearch the BlogSearchTopics of DiscussionAnita Roddick Barbara Sher Bill Bryson creative self-employment Goal setting growing a business inspiration Jim Rohn joyfully jobless Joyfully Jobless Jamboree Karyn Ruth White lifelong learning Making a Living Without a Job Paul Hawken personal growth Rick Steves self-employment Seth Godin starting a business successful self-employment	ArchivesArchives Select Month December 2020 July 2020 March 2020 October 2019 May 2019 January 2019 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 March 2015 February 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008Barbara's WebsitesBarbara WinterJoyfully JoblessLearn From BarbaraMaking a Living Without a JobProducts and AudioTeleclassesUpcoming EventsWinning Ways Newsletter© 2021 Buon Viaggio Blog with Barbara Winter.HomeProductsLearn From BarbaraExplorationsAboutResources"
