"3 Perks That Will Make Your Office A Nicer Place To Work - You Can Start A Great Career At Any AgeHomeSearch3 Perks That Will Make Your Office A Nicer Place To WorkPosted on 22 January 2018If you want to reward your employees, a great way to do that is to make little adjustments to your office that make it a nicer place for your employees to work and spend their time. A few perks that will make your office a nicer place include spring water delivery, automatic coffee machine and access to free healthy snacks.Spring Water DeliveryLet's be honest, the water that is coming out of the tap in more often buildings does not taste that good. It is generally water that is coming from the city, and often has a distinct chemical taste to it.Water is one of the best things to work throughout the day. Drinking water and stay hydrated can help your employees stay alert and active. Providing a water dispenser that dispenses fresh spring water will ensure that your employees never have to sit at their desk, feeling thirst and dehydrated.A fresh spring water delivery and dispenser will help quench your employee's thirst with water that actually tastes good.Coffee MachineMany individuals rely on coffee to get going in the morning and to make it through the day. If you have an office with a lot of coffee drinkers, adding a coffee machine to your office is another great way to increase activity and alertness in your office. Your employees will no longer have to worry about stopping for coffee on the way to office; they can rest assured that when they get to the office, there will be coffee their for them to drink.Adding a coffee machine will ensure that all your employees that need coffee always have a tasty caffeine fix on hand, and don't have to take a break to run to the store or the nearest coffee stand for a drink.Healthy SnacksFinally, consider providing access to free healthy snacks in your office. Providing access to free healthy snacks such as fruit, vegetables, and nuts, will provide your employees with the fuel they need to make it between meals and to stay focused and productive. Having healthy snacks on hand will cut down on time lost by employees who are not focusing because they are just thinking about how hungry there are and how their lunch break is not for another hour.Additionally, providing healthy snacks, water and coffee will help encourage healthy eating habits. Healthy eating habits can lead to an overall happier, more productive and healthier office space.Share← PreviousNext →About MeThere is a life trajectory that we are all expected to travel down. We are expected to attend college, maybe do an internship, graduate and enter the workforce. Then, we work until we have reached the retirement age before spending the rest of our lives in the retirement home. This is something that just doesn't work for people like me. My name is Hannah Allen and for personal reasons, I was not able to enter the workforce until much later than most. But I refused to let this keep me down. I have managed to build a lovely career. It is possible to start a fulfilling career at any age and I am going to show you how.SearchCategoriesblog businessArchive2016 2017 2018 2019 2020Latest PostsTop Things You Can Learn In A Corporate Leadership Training Program 30 December 2020As someone in a leadership position in a corporati …Handling Your Next Move 1 December 2020Moving your family into a new house can be a chall …What To Expect When Going To An Indoor Firing Range 5 November 2020Indoor firing ranges are a great way for beginners …Top Benefits of Using an Autoclave Sterilization Machine in Your Industrial Environment 21 September 2020When you think about autoclave sterilization machi …Helpful Tips For Making More Money As A Truck Driver 21 September 2020If you have recently earned your commercial driver …2020 • You Can Start A Great Career At Any Age"
