"Health Jobs & Vacancies | Apply Now | Randstad.co.ukYou need to enable JavaScript to run this app.randstadsearch jobsjob seekeremployersabout uscareer advicejoin randstadour officesmy randstadjob specialismsfind jobs in:construction & propertyeducationgraduatesocial careengineeringinternational teachingsalesithealthsecretarial & adminsee all jobscontact ussearch jobsjob seekerregister your CVareas of expertisecareer resourcesCV hubIR35coronavirus adviceemployersrequest a call backareas of expertiserecruitment solutionsIR35NHS staff with Randstadtrainingmarket insightsabout usour historyour partnershipssocial responsibilitypress releasesAI principlescomplaintsour brand storysustainability at work reportcareer adviceall articlesdiversity preview pagehow to write a cvinterview guidancesupport for temp workersworking from homejoin randstadsearch jobs at Randstadour historyhuman forwardrewards and benefitslearning and developmentcontact usour officesmy randstadmy randstadedit profileaccount settingslog outYou are successfully logged out of your my randstad accountcloseYou have successfully deleted your accountcloseclearclearsearch 7 jobsget job alerts for this searchsubscribed to job alertset a job alertGet notified by mail on all jobs that match your preferences.daily updatesweekly updatesmonthly updatesI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.confirm job alertthank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.7 jobs found in bramhall, north westsort:sort by ...daterelevancyfilter4sort by ...daterelevancyspecialism2working inspecialismeducationgraduatehealthconstruction & propertysocial careaccountancy & financesub specialismnursingallied healthjob categorycommunity nursingmental health nursing (rmn)community psychiatric nurseshow 7 jobsclear filterlocation1location & rangeuse current locationselect a range5 miles10 miles25 miles50 milesshow 7 jobsclear filterjob types0job typescontracttemporarypermanentshow 7 jobsclear filtersalary0salaryper hourper dayper yearshow 7 jobsclear filterclear allfiltersclear all2specialism1location0job type0salaryspecialismeducationgraduatehealthconstruction & propertysocial careaccountancy & financesub specialismnursingallied healthjob categorycommunity nursingmental health nursing (rmn)community psychiatric nurseuse current locationselect a range5 miles10 miles25 miles50 milescontracttemporarypermanentper hourper dayper yearshow 0 jobsband 6 nursestockport, north westcontract£23.00 - £40.00 per hourrandstad careAre you a Nurse with experience in Adult Mental Health and Crisis situations? Are you happy to work on a flexible rota? Are you keen to have high earning potential and access to enhanced NHS rates?The successful candidates will have the ability to demonstrate their effective communication skills to ensure that personal centred care requirements are met to the highest standard. You will also hold a valid NMC pin.We are looking for Mental Health Nurses to work in Stockport within a busy Crisis Assessment and Psych Liaison team. In a Crisis team, you would be expected to work with Adults and sometimes Children in crisis often on the phone or in a hospital environment. You would carry out assessments and refer suitable patients to other services and ensure they are receiving appropriate care and intervention.Your working pattern can be completely flexible as the team works on a shift basis, shifts can be tailored to suit your other commitments and availability. Flexibility is desirable but not essential for the role. Pay rates are between £23+ per hour depending on the days you are working and whether it is day or night.Services can be rural so someone with a full driving licence is ideal.Benefits of working with Randstad:- One dedication consultant- Free accredited training- Support with NMC revalidation- Competitive pay rates- Market leading service- All the support of a permanent job- Flexible working patterns To be successful in this role you must have:- Valid NMC PIN- Experience in NHS mental Health team- Registered Mental Health Nurse qualification- Excellent written and verbal communication Randstad Care is a specialist nursing recruitment agency. Our specialist Nursing consultants work with NHS and private sector teams across England. Whether you are looking for an interim or permanent post close to home, or nationally, we are able to assist you with a dedicated point of contact to provide support and guidance.Do you know a Nurse looking for a new role? If so, We offer a fantastic refer a friend scheme, where you could receive £300 in vouchers for every nurse you refer to us who we place, subject to Ts and Cs.If you wish to apply for this role or would like to discuss any of the other opportunities we have available please click Apply below or email you CV Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 4 november 2020Are you a Nurse with experience in Adult Mental Health and Crisis situations? Are you happy to work on a flexible rota? Are you keen to have high earning potential and access to enhanced NHS rates?The successful candidates will have the ability to demonstrate their effective communication skills to ensure that personal centred care requirements are met to the highest standard. You will also hold a valid NMC pin.We are looking for Mental Health Nurses to work in Stockport within a busy Crisis Assessment and Psych Liaison team. In a Crisis team, you would be expected to work with Adults and sometimes Children in crisis often on the phone or in a hospital environment. You would carry out assessments and refer suitable patients to other services and ensure they are receiving appropriate care and intervention.Your working pattern can be completely flexible as the team works on a shift basis, shifts can be tailored to suit your other commitments and availability. Flexibility is desirable but not essential for the role. Pay rates are between £23+ per hour depending on the days you are working and whether it is day or night.Services can be rural so someone with a full driving licence is ideal.Benefits of working with Randstad:- One dedication consultant- Free accredited training- Support with NMC revalidation- Competitive pay rates- Market leading service- All the support of a permanent job- Flexible working patterns To be successful in this role you must have:- Valid NMC PIN- Experience in NHS mental Health team- Registered Mental Health Nurse qualification- Excellent written and verbal communication Randstad Care is a specialist nursing recruitment agency. Our specialist Nursing consultants work with NHS and private sector teams across England. Whether you are looking for an interim or permanent post close to home, or nationally, we are able to assist you with a dedicated point of contact to provide support and guidance.Do you know a Nurse looking for a new role? If so, We offer a fantastic refer a friend scheme, where you could receive £300 in vouchers for every nurse you refer to us who we place, subject to Ts and Cs.If you wish to apply for this role or would like to discuss any of the other opportunities we have available please click Apply below or email you CV Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailsrmnromiley, north westpermanent£27,374 - £28,465, per year, enhancementsrandstad careReady for the recognition and rewards you deserve? Do You live in Romiley or nearby? Are you a Registered Mental Health Nurse?Well I can help you!The Priory Hospital Romiley will provide a recovery and rehabilitation service for female patients with complex mental health needs.The hospital will be registered with the CQC and offer 10 individual bedrooms for detained (MHA) and informal patients.It is expected that referrals will come predominantly from the North West area for women \"stepping up\" from community based services and \"stepping down\" from acute & PICU wards and Low Secure Services.Registered Nurses at The Priory Hospital Romiley will take a lead role in the recovery focus of the service. Team members will be required to work proactively as part of a multi-disciplinary team in collaboration with patients.Participation in activities of daily living which include some cooking and domestic tasks, as part of the therapeautic day, will be an expectation of everyone. Qualified nursing staff will key work with patients and regularly take charge of the unit. Nurses will benefit from the wider support of the Northern region and in particular The Priory Hospital Cheadle Royal. Benefits include: A competitive salaryWorking with a dedicated multidisciplinary teamFlexible benefits including reduced rates and access to new schemes including gym membership, IT technology (laptops / tablets / smartphones) and private healthcareAccess to development opportunities including:Sponsorship of professional qualifications through our Individual Professional Development (IPD) panelImproved CPD application & panel process£250 Contribution towards CPDLeadership & management developmentSupport with your RevalidationNMC Payment in fullLong service awardYou need to hold a minimum of 6 months experience and hold a valid UK NMC Pin.If you would like more information call me on 0161 200 1930 or email your CV to #mentalhealthnurse #priorygroup #nursingjobs #permjob #stability #RMNRandstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 20 january 2021Ready for the recognition and rewards you deserve? Do You live in Romiley or nearby? Are you a Registered Mental Health Nurse?Well I can help you!The Priory Hospital Romiley will provide a recovery and rehabilitation service for female patients with complex mental health needs.The hospital will be registered with the CQC and offer 10 individual bedrooms for detained (MHA) and informal patients.It is expected that referrals will come predominantly from the North West area for women \"stepping up\" from community based services and \"stepping down\" from acute & PICU wards and Low Secure Services.Registered Nurses at The Priory Hospital Romiley will take a lead role in the recovery focus of the service. Team members will be required to work proactively as part of a multi-disciplinary team in collaboration with patients.Participation in activities of daily living which include some cooking and domestic tasks, as part of the therapeautic day, will be an expectation of everyone. Qualified nursing staff will key work with patients and regularly take charge of the unit. Nurses will benefit from the wider support of the Northern region and in particular The Priory Hospital Cheadle Royal. Benefits include: A competitive salaryWorking with a dedicated multidisciplinary teamFlexible benefits including reduced rates and access to new schemes including gym membership, IT technology (laptops / tablets / smartphones) and private healthcareAccess to development opportunities including:Sponsorship of professional qualifications through our Individual Professional Development (IPD) panelImproved CPD application & panel process£250 Contribution towards CPDLeadership & management developmentSupport with your RevalidationNMC Payment in fullLong service awardYou need to hold a minimum of 6 months experience and hold a valid UK NMC Pin.If you would like more information call me on 0161 200 1930 or email your CV to #mentalhealthnurse #priorygroup #nursingjobs #permjob #stability #RMNRandstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailscommunity nursestockport, north westcontract£18.00 - £24.00 per hourrandstad careAre you looking to take control of your work week? Do you miss going home knowing you've made a difference?If you have answered yes to one or more of the above questions, then there really is no reason to wait. Apply to our Community Nursing roles within the Stockport area today.With the chance to work across a number of different bases, you really do have the opportunity to take huge control over your working week. With flexibility around working hours and days, you can plan your own work schedule to fit around your personal life and circumstances.Alongside great rates of pay, you can also expect from Randstad:Benefits include:* One specialist point of contact to offer you guidance and advice* Free Randstad In-House training* Free Uniform* Weekly Payroll* Quick and Easy Registration Process* Free Revalidation support* Access to all of our shifts through our mobile phone app!Working as a District Nurse, you will be required to:* Providing care to patients within their own homes* Complete all necessary documentation* Liaise with a team of nurses and contribute to any MDT meetings requiredThere are many skills and responsibilities that will be utilised in your role as a community nurse; including the following which are desirable:* Catheters (M, F & SP)* Injections* Compressions* Venepuncture* Cannulation* Wound Care* Blood Pressure* Leg Ulcer ManagementThis list is not exhaustive and any additional nursing competencies would be highly advantageous.Requirements of this role:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin.* Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree).* Experience of working as a Community NurseSo you now know about the work available. It sounds like something you are interested in. All that's left to do now is to apply right?I am expecting a large number of applications for this role so there really is no time to wait. Whether you're looking for one shift every week or even something full-time, call me today on 0161 200 1930 email me on .Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 20 january 2021Are you looking to take control of your work week? Do you miss going home knowing you've made a difference?If you have answered yes to one or more of the above questions, then there really is no reason to wait. Apply to our Community Nursing roles within the Stockport area today.With the chance to work across a number of different bases, you really do have the opportunity to take huge control over your working week. With flexibility around working hours and days, you can plan your own work schedule to fit around your personal life and circumstances.Alongside great rates of pay, you can also expect from Randstad:Benefits include:* One specialist point of contact to offer you guidance and advice* Free Randstad In-House training* Free Uniform* Weekly Payroll* Quick and Easy Registration Process* Free Revalidation support* Access to all of our shifts through our mobile phone app!Working as a District Nurse, you will be required to:* Providing care to patients within their own homes* Complete all necessary documentation* Liaise with a team of nurses and contribute to any MDT meetings requiredThere are many skills and responsibilities that will be utilised in your role as a community nurse; including the following which are desirable:* Catheters (M, F & SP)* Injections* Compressions* Venepuncture* Cannulation* Wound Care* Blood Pressure* Leg Ulcer ManagementThis list is not exhaustive and any additional nursing competencies would be highly advantageous.Requirements of this role:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin.* Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree).* Experience of working as a Community NurseSo you now know about the work available. It sounds like something you are interested in. All that's left to do now is to apply right?I am expecting a large number of applications for this role so there really is no time to wait. Whether you're looking for one shift every week or even something full-time, call me today on 0161 200 1930 email me on .Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailscommunity nursestockport, north westtemporary£18.00 - £24.00, per hour, pension, holiday pay, weekly payrandstad careAre you looking to take control of your work week? Do you miss going home knowing you've made a difference?If you have answered yes to one or more of the above questions, then there really is no reason to wait. Apply to our Community Nursing roles within the Manchester area today.With the chance to work across a number of different bases, you really do have the opportunity to take huge control over your working week. With flexibility around working hours and days, you can plan your own work schedule to fit around your personal life and circumstances.Alongside great rates of pay, you can also expect from Randstad:Benefits include:* One specialist point of contact to offer you guidance and advice* Free Randstad In-House training* Free Uniform* Weekly Payroll* Quick and Easy Registration Process* Free Revalidation support* Access to all of our shifts through our mobile phone app!Working as a District Nurse, you will be required to:* Providing care to patients within their own homes* Complete all necessary documentation* Liaise with a team of nurses and contribute to any MDT meetings requiredThere are many skills and responsibilities that will be utilised in your role as a community nurse; including the following which are desirable:* Catheters (M, F & SP)* Injections* Compressions* Venepuncture* Cannulation* Wound Care* Blood Pressure* Leg Ulcer ManagementThis list is not exhaustive and any additional nursing competencies would be highly advantageous.Requirements of this role:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin.* Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree).* Experience of working as a Community NurseSo you now know about the work available. It sounds like something you are interested in. All that's left to do now is to apply right? I am expecting a large number of applications for this role so there really is no time to wait. Whether you're looking for one shift every week or even something full-time, call me today on 0161 245 3633 or email me on .Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 5 january 2021Are you looking to take control of your work week? Do you miss going home knowing you've made a difference?If you have answered yes to one or more of the above questions, then there really is no reason to wait. Apply to our Community Nursing roles within the Manchester area today.With the chance to work across a number of different bases, you really do have the opportunity to take huge control over your working week. With flexibility around working hours and days, you can plan your own work schedule to fit around your personal life and circumstances.Alongside great rates of pay, you can also expect from Randstad:Benefits include:* One specialist point of contact to offer you guidance and advice* Free Randstad In-House training* Free Uniform* Weekly Payroll* Quick and Easy Registration Process* Free Revalidation support* Access to all of our shifts through our mobile phone app!Working as a District Nurse, you will be required to:* Providing care to patients within their own homes* Complete all necessary documentation* Liaise with a team of nurses and contribute to any MDT meetings requiredThere are many skills and responsibilities that will be utilised in your role as a community nurse; including the following which are desirable:* Catheters (M, F & SP)* Injections* Compressions* Venepuncture* Cannulation* Wound Care* Blood Pressure* Leg Ulcer ManagementThis list is not exhaustive and any additional nursing competencies would be highly advantageous.Requirements of this role:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin.* Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree).* Experience of working as a Community NurseSo you now know about the work available. It sounds like something you are interested in. All that's left to do now is to apply right? I am expecting a large number of applications for this role so there really is no time to wait. Whether you're looking for one shift every week or even something full-time, call me today on 0161 245 3633 or email me on .Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailscontinuing healthcare assesorstockport, north westcontract£250 - £300 per dayrandstad careAre you an experienced CHC Nurse Assessor, passionate about ensuring patients receive high levels of quality care? If so, an established CHC team in the North West is looking for a CHC Nurse Assessor (RMN/RGN) for a 3 month interim contract, conducting live assessments and appeals in the local area. If you are a mental health CHC Nurse Assessor looking to work in a supportive team, we'd love to hear from you! You will be working within a supportive team with stable and committed leadership team which is focused on improving health outcomes for the local population across the North West of England. As a Band 6 CHC Nurse Assessor you will be responsible for determining the eligibility for NHS Continuing Healthcare funding through new assessments, review assessments and appeals, in accordance with the National Continuing Health Care Framework. This is a full time role working 37.5 hours per week. This role will run until at least March 2021. The successful candidate can expect attractive pay rates of £250-300 per day. Benefits of working for Randstad as a CHC Nurse Assessor:CHC recruitment specialists An unlimited referrals incentive, giving you a £300 voucher for every nurse you refer to usA free and full range of mandatory training, including safeguarding, infection control etc.Support and training in association with RCN on need to know topics, such as NMC revalidationOne committed and dedicated point of contact The responsibilities of the CHC Nurse Assessor will include: Determine the eligibility of NHS CHC funding through DST assessments, reviews and appealsWorking closely with families and patients to ensure the timely completion of assessmentsMaking recommendations to appropriate CCG's and CSU's, and writing up cases to be presented at panel meetingsJoint working, developing strong links health and social care colleagues, to ensure effective workingLiaising with local authority teams to discuss any joint-funded applications/reviewsArranging and taking part in Continuing Healthcare assessments with other members of an MDTThe successful candidate will be able to demonstrate:Strong understanding of the CHC National FrameworkHighly motivated and able to work autonomouslyExcellent written and verbal communicationExcellent people management skills with the confidence to work with individuals with varying clinical conditionsThe minimum requirements for this role are:- Nursing qualification (Mental Health or General Nursing) Randstad Nursing are a specialist nursing recruitment agency. Our specialist CHC consultants work with Continuing Healthcare teams across England. Whether you are looking for an interim post close to home, or nationally, we are able to assist you with a dedicated point of contact to provide support and guidance.*** Do you know a CHC Nurse Assessor looking for a new role? If so, Randstad offer a fantastic unlimited referral scheme which offers £300 in Love to Shop vouchers for any person you refer to us who we place into work. Get in touch for more information *** If you wish to apply for this role or would like to discuss any of the other opportunities we have then please contact Amie on 07341800366/, or click Apply below. Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 14 january 2021Are you an experienced CHC Nurse Assessor, passionate about ensuring patients receive high levels of quality care? If so, an established CHC team in the North West is looking for a CHC Nurse Assessor (RMN/RGN) for a 3 month interim contract, conducting live assessments and appeals in the local area. If you are a mental health CHC Nurse Assessor looking to work in a supportive team, we'd love to hear from you! You will be working within a supportive team with stable and committed leadership team which is focused on improving health outcomes for the local population across the North West of England. As a Band 6 CHC Nurse Assessor you will be responsible for determining the eligibility for NHS Continuing Healthcare funding through new assessments, review assessments and appeals, in accordance with the National Continuing Health Care Framework. This is a full time role working 37.5 hours per week. This role will run until at least March 2021. The successful candidate can expect attractive pay rates of £250-300 per day. Benefits of working for Randstad as a CHC Nurse Assessor:CHC recruitment specialists An unlimited referrals incentive, giving you a £300 voucher for every nurse you refer to usA free and full range of mandatory training, including safeguarding, infection control etc.Support and training in association with RCN on need to know topics, such as NMC revalidationOne committed and dedicated point of contact The responsibilities of the CHC Nurse Assessor will include: Determine the eligibility of NHS CHC funding through DST assessments, reviews and appealsWorking closely with families and patients to ensure the timely completion of assessmentsMaking recommendations to appropriate CCG's and CSU's, and writing up cases to be presented at panel meetingsJoint working, developing strong links health and social care colleagues, to ensure effective workingLiaising with local authority teams to discuss any joint-funded applications/reviewsArranging and taking part in Continuing Healthcare assessments with other members of an MDTThe successful candidate will be able to demonstrate:Strong understanding of the CHC National FrameworkHighly motivated and able to work autonomouslyExcellent written and verbal communicationExcellent people management skills with the confidence to work with individuals with varying clinical conditionsThe minimum requirements for this role are:- Nursing qualification (Mental Health or General Nursing) Randstad Nursing are a specialist nursing recruitment agency. Our specialist CHC consultants work with Continuing Healthcare teams across England. Whether you are looking for an interim post close to home, or nationally, we are able to assist you with a dedicated point of contact to provide support and guidance.*** Do you know a CHC Nurse Assessor looking for a new role? If so, Randstad offer a fantastic unlimited referral scheme which offers £300 in Love to Shop vouchers for any person you refer to us who we place into work. Get in touch for more information *** If you wish to apply for this role or would like to discuss any of the other opportunities we have then please contact Amie on 07341800366/, or click Apply below. Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailscommunity nursestockport, north westtemporary£18.00 - £24.00, per hour, pension, holiday pay, weekly payrandstad careAre you looking to take control of your work week? Do you miss going home knowing you've made a difference?If you have answered yes to one or more of the above questions, then there really is no reason to wait. Apply to our Community Nursing roles within the Manchester area today.With the chance to work across a number of different bases, you really do have the opportunity to take huge control over your working week. With flexibility around working hours and days, you can plan your own work schedule to fit around your personal life and circumstances.Alongside great rates of pay, you can also expect from Randstad:Benefits include:* One specialist point of contact to offer you guidance and advice* Free Randstad In-House training* Free Uniform* Weekly Payroll* Quick and Easy Registration Process* Free Revalidation support* Access to all of our shifts through our mobile phone app!Working as a District Nurse, you will be required to:* Providing care to patients within their own homes* Complete all necessary documentation* Liaise with a team of nurses and contribute to any MDT meetings requiredThere are many skills and responsibilities that will be utilised in your role as a community nurse; including the following which are desirable:* Catheters (M, F & SP)* Injections* Compressions* Venepuncture* Cannulation* Wound Care* Blood Pressure* Leg Ulcer ManagementThis list is not exhaustive and any additional nursing competencies would be highly advantageous.Requirements of this role:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin.* Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree).* Experience of working as a Community NurseSo you now know about the work available. It sounds like something you are interested in. All that's left to do now is to apply right? I am expecting a large number of applications for this role so there really is no time to wait. Whether you're looking for one shift every week or even something full-time, call me today on 0161 245 3633 or email me on .Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 20 january 2021Are you looking to take control of your work week? Do you miss going home knowing you've made a difference?If you have answered yes to one or more of the above questions, then there really is no reason to wait. Apply to our Community Nursing roles within the Manchester area today.With the chance to work across a number of different bases, you really do have the opportunity to take huge control over your working week. With flexibility around working hours and days, you can plan your own work schedule to fit around your personal life and circumstances.Alongside great rates of pay, you can also expect from Randstad:Benefits include:* One specialist point of contact to offer you guidance and advice* Free Randstad In-House training* Free Uniform* Weekly Payroll* Quick and Easy Registration Process* Free Revalidation support* Access to all of our shifts through our mobile phone app!Working as a District Nurse, you will be required to:* Providing care to patients within their own homes* Complete all necessary documentation* Liaise with a team of nurses and contribute to any MDT meetings requiredThere are many skills and responsibilities that will be utilised in your role as a community nurse; including the following which are desirable:* Catheters (M, F & SP)* Injections* Compressions* Venepuncture* Cannulation* Wound Care* Blood Pressure* Leg Ulcer ManagementThis list is not exhaustive and any additional nursing competencies would be highly advantageous.Requirements of this role:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin.* Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree).* Experience of working as a Community NurseSo you now know about the work available. It sounds like something you are interested in. All that's left to do now is to apply right? I am expecting a large number of applications for this role so there really is no time to wait. Whether you're looking for one shift every week or even something full-time, call me today on 0161 245 3633 or email me on .Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailscpncity of manchester, north westcontract£18.00 - £31.00, per hour, holiday pay, weekly pay, pensionrandstad careAre you a qualified RMN? Have you experience of working in the community? Working for an agency where you feel you don't get enough work? Not feeling looked after?We have several CMHT's in the Manchester area looking to grow their teams with the addition of a compassionate and experienced Community Psychiatric Nurse (CPN) either Band 5 or 6.As a CPN you will be expected to carry out assessments of patients in the comfort of their own homes. You will devise care and recovery plans liaising with other services including recovery teams, early intervention and GPs.Your main aim will be to promote the safety and well-being of your patients and their families. Yes you will face challenges but this is a truly rewarding job and you will be working with a fantastically supportive team.Benefits of taking this post:* Contracts last for a minimum of 3-6 months* Ad-Hoc shifts available for those who want part time work* Our mobile app - Access to all shifts available* A dedicated consultant here at Randstad to look after your working week* Great Rates of Pay - £18 to £31 per hour* Depending on Experience and Banding* Quick and Hassle Free Registration with our candidate team* Free Mandatory Training* Access to a Variety Clinical Training* Randstad's 'Refer a Friend Scheme' - Refer your friend and you could get £300 in Love2Shop vouchers*Responsibilities include:* Developing care plans and recovery plans aimed at giving your patients the best quality of life* Review of care plans previously set and working with other services to ensure excellent levels of care* Discharge Planning* Care Coordination* Completion of specialist nursing procedures including Depot InjectionsTo apply for this role you require the following:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin* Mental Health Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree)* Experience of working as a Community Mental health NurseSound good to you? Well get in touch today and let's talk.Call Antonia on 0161 200 1930 or email me your CV Randstad are well known as a specialist healthcare recruitment agency and we have been supplying nurses to NHS Trusts and Private Sector clients throughout the region for many years. Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.posted 20 january 2021Are you a qualified RMN? Have you experience of working in the community? Working for an agency where you feel you don't get enough work? Not feeling looked after?We have several CMHT's in the Manchester area looking to grow their teams with the addition of a compassionate and experienced Community Psychiatric Nurse (CPN) either Band 5 or 6.As a CPN you will be expected to carry out assessments of patients in the comfort of their own homes. You will devise care and recovery plans liaising with other services including recovery teams, early intervention and GPs.Your main aim will be to promote the safety and well-being of your patients and their families. Yes you will face challenges but this is a truly rewarding job and you will be working with a fantastically supportive team.Benefits of taking this post:* Contracts last for a minimum of 3-6 months* Ad-Hoc shifts available for those who want part time work* Our mobile app - Access to all shifts available* A dedicated consultant here at Randstad to look after your working week* Great Rates of Pay - £18 to £31 per hour* Depending on Experience and Banding* Quick and Hassle Free Registration with our candidate team* Free Mandatory Training* Access to a Variety Clinical Training* Randstad's 'Refer a Friend Scheme' - Refer your friend and you could get £300 in Love2Shop vouchers*Responsibilities include:* Developing care plans and recovery plans aimed at giving your patients the best quality of life* Review of care plans previously set and working with other services to ensure excellent levels of care* Discharge Planning* Care Coordination* Completion of specialist nursing procedures including Depot InjectionsTo apply for this role you require the following:* A valid and in-date NMC Pin* Mental Health Nursing Qualification (Diploma or Degree)* Experience of working as a Community Mental health NurseSound good to you? Well get in touch today and let's talk.Call Antonia on 0161 200 1930 or email me your CV Randstad are well known as a specialist healthcare recruitment agency and we have been supplying nurses to NHS Trusts and Private Sector clients throughout the region for many years. Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.Randstad Care acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Randstad Care is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Did you know that Randstad Care have been awarded a place on the National Clinical Staffing Framework for the NHS? This means we will be able to bring you more opportunities within nursing & midwifery and clinical staffing.show job detailslet similar jobs come to youWe will keep you updated when we have similar job postings.your email addressselect frequencyselect frequencydailyweeklymonthlysubmitI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.thank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.explore over 3825 jobs with randstad.construction & propertyconstruction (326)fm & maintenance (304)skilled trades & labour (200)all jobs (1018)educationprimary (319)secondary (311)special needs teaching (143)all jobs (889)international teachingsecondary (331)primary (90)early years (41)all jobs (478)social caresocial care (448)social housing (6)all jobs (454)graduatesales (347)business services (43)construction (5)all jobs (408)healthallied health (78)nursing (69)all jobs (147)engineeringautomotive (26)aerospace (22)fmcg (17)all jobs (93)manufacturingwarehouse (42)logistics (14)research and development (4)all jobs (60)It looks like you want to switch your language. This will reset your filters on your current job search.cancelproceedclosejob seekercoronavirus advicefind a jobareas of expertiseview all jobsaccountancy and financeconstruction & propertyeducationengineeringITrecruitmentsalessecretarial & adminsocial carebrexit informationIR35 updatessalary calculatorareas of expertiseaccountancy and financeconstruction & propertycustomer serviceseducationengineeringhealthinformation technology (it)recruitmentsalessecretarial & adminmarketing and premployersCOVID-19 guidelinesIR35 newsITbusiness supporteducationemployersengineeringfinancial serviceshealthsalessocial careour solutionstemporarypermanentMSPRPOonsiteoutplacementmarket insightsattracting & recruiting talentmanaging fulfilment at workemerging workforce trendsworkforce videosworkforce insightscareer advicecareer advicecareer guidancehow to write a cvtemp worker benefits and policiesbusiness supportconstruction & propertyengineeringinhouse servicesjobs at Randstadour current vacanciesnew to recruitmentcareersour specialismsreward & benefitsabout usour historyour sponsorshipssocial responsibilitypress releasesmodern slavery act transparency statementbusiness principlesour brand storyour officesrandstad worldwidejoin randstadquality policy statementgender pay gap Randstad UKsection 172 statementsterms & conditionscontact uscookiesyour datamisconduct reporting procedureprivacy noticeintellectual propertysite mapRandstad Solutions Limited, is a limited company registered in England and Wales with registered number 02389033.Our registered office is at 450 Capability Green. Luton, Bedfordshire, LU1 3LU.RANDSTAD, HUMAN FORWARD and SHAPING THE WORLD OF WORK are registered trademarks of Randstad N.V.© Randstad N.V. 2021"
