"London UK Jobs - Find work in LondonAdd Job OfferLondon UK Jobs .comThe Place to Find Work in London UKSign-InPopular CareersCook Jobs in London476Part time Jobs in London419Assistant Jobs in London411Hotel Jobs in London313Sales Jobs in London312Supervisor Jobs in London164Cleaner Jobs in London139Receptionist Jobs in London117Driver Jobs in London85Office Jobs in London66Construction Jobs in London64Engineer Jobs in London47Paint Jobs in London35Accountant Jobs in London25Mechanic Jobs in London23Carpenter Jobs in London19Electrician Jobs in London17Foreman Jobs in London6Autocad Jobs in London6Draftsman Jobs in London6SocialLondon UK Jobs on FBLondon UK Jobs on TwitterSee Also:Jobs in DubaiJobs in QatarJobs in KuwaitCareer Tips:How to write a Successful CVThe article contains a few tips on how to prepare a CV that earns you a job interview call and a job in London.Preparation for a Successful Job InterviewA Job Interview is perhaps the most important step of the whole hiring process altogether. Although shrewd HR professionals can tell a lot about you by just taking a look at your CV, but nothing seals their judgment and opinion like the interview.Tips to Boost Your Job MotivationWe all start our new jobs with enthusiasm and vigor, and overlook the demerits of those jobs. But as time passes and we start settling down, the real deal about such jobs starts to dawn upon us.Salaries in UKImportant things to know about salaries in the United Kingdom before you agree to a job offer in London.How to Keep Your JOB?The art of becoming irreplaceable or how do you keep a job during a recession?How to Become a Practicing Dentist in London UKMedical Jobs are posing very attractive career opportunities in London and there is a plenty of room for Dentists.23 January 2021Live in Live out Nanny NeededLive in or live out Nanny/housekeeper needed Parsons Green. A lovely family of 4 are looking for a live in or live out nanny/housekeeper to join their family lo...22 January 2021Waiting Staff Vacancy in LondonHigh Timber Restaurant requires full time waiting staff Monday - Friday. This city riverside restaurant focuses on Steak and Wine with over 20,000 bottles in th...Laundry Attendant Job in LondonPrime Recruitment are one of London's most renowned hospitality recruitment companies. We have been established since 1998 providing staff to quality clients. W...21 January 2021Live out Housekeeper Wanted in LondonFamily of 5 (3 boys aged 5, 6.5 and 8) Looking for full time help. We are looking for a friendly, independent and organized person. Duties would include cleanin...Waiter Waitress Required in LondonA great opportunity to join the team of one of West London’s leading restaurant and bar groups: First Restaurant Group is currently recruiting: Senior Waiting...Hr OUR Guaranteed Minimum VacancyURGENTLY REQUIRED FOR Barnet, Camden, AND ISLINGTON IMMEDIATE START! £500 p/wk OUR GUARANTEED MINIMUM LIVE-IN RATE ! COMPANY PENSION SCHEME! LIVE IN, PART TIME...Senior Chef de Partie RequiredDue to expansion Senior CDP required for busy cafe/deli. Creativity, flexibility and professionalism essential as is strong pastry experience and the ability to...Cctv Officers Vacancy in LondonMaxi Power is looking to recruit CCTV Security officers to cover a site in London Location : Rate: £8.25ph Role Purpose: Static Security Guarding - To protect ...Chef de Partie Wanted in LondonChef de Partie - 4* Hotel and AA Rosette Restaurant - West End Working for this quality 4* hotel and modern British AA restaurant, they are seeking an experienc...Growth Marketing Summer InternshipWe’re looking for a remote marketing student or someone with a passion to break into a career in marketing. The role would suit someone who is on their summer...20 January 2021Live out Nanny Wanted in LondonHello, We are an italian-french family who's been living and working in London for 10 years. We have a 6 year-old happy child and a one year-old little girl. We...Administrator Vacancy in LondonPrism Xpat is a specialist company providing pension solutions to UK nationals and emigrants from the UK to Australia, New Zealand and other countries. A positi...20 hrs Job in LondonFreckles has a gorgeous family in Tunbridge Wells who need an absolute BABE to whizz into the their family and support mum two days a week with her gorgeous gir...Waitress Wanted in LondonWaitress Required for busy Restaurant in Tower Hill.No evenings shifts.10am- 8pm. Good tips. Must speak very good English. Only full time job!For further inform...Full and Bar Staff for Lively rum bar in MaryleboneTeam members wanted! Burlock is offering you an opportunity to work within a dynamic and fun environment where we encourage you to bring your own creativity and...Sales and Events Co Vacancy in LondonSales and Events Co-Coordinator for Unique Group of Venues up to GBP24,000Available Immediately!We currently have an exciting opportunity for an experienced and...19 January 2021Experienced General Manager With Business BrainsEXPERIENCED GENERAL MANAGER WITH BUSINESS BRAINS WANTED FOR “THE OLD Frizzle” in Wimbledon – Livelyhood Neighbourhood Pubs Auditions Happening Now…. A G...Full Time Qualified Vacancy in LondonCome and join our friendly independent family practice in West London. We are looking for an enthusiastic , cheerful and reliable dental nurse to start immediat...Up to Cocktail Bartenders VacancyNo 197 Chiswick Fire Station Welcome! No 197 Chiswick Fire Station is a casual dining concept on Chiswick High Road, 5 minutes walk from Turnham Green Station o...Office Administrator Wanted in LondonHi! We are in need of an administrator to help organise the paperwork for our busy office. This will be a combination of assisting the accounts team (matching i...Urgent London Piano Teacher RequiredPart-time fully flexible freelance work teaching Piano lessons in all locations across London Do you have a passion and demonstrable experience teaching Piano? ...Cocktail Bartender Job in LondonWe are looking for a knowledgeable and technically adept cocktail bartender who wants to work in a small creative team, delivering drinks to a consistently high...Dental Receptionist Vacancy in LondonWe are a new private practice based in Central London (bank) and are looking to recruit a part time member as front of house and receptionist. Confident in your...Pages12345678Next»»About London UK Jobs.londonukjobs.com is an online jobs board. Here you can find work opportunities in London by searching through thousands of vacancy listings or browsing job offers classified by industry.We are not an employment agency we merely offer London employers an opportunity to post a free vacancy listing on our website and allow job seekers to effectively find the posted job offer and apply for that position.For Job Hunters:How to apply for a job via London UK Jobs?Click on the job title to see the full job description. If the job is available there should be an \"Apply Now\" button bellow every available job description, click it to get the employer's phone number or a contact form you can fill and submit to apply for the advertised position.Your CV or any information submitted is sent directly via email to the employer. So make sure to include all the relevant contact information when applying for a job.If the job is filled there will be a message \"This job is no longer available\" instead of the \"Apply Now\" button.Security ConcernsIf you are applying for a job via email, from outside of London, never wire any money to Companies/Employers for visa or other paper processing. Real companies will pay for your visa and transportation. If a company asks for payment it is most probably a scam and should be reported.You can report any advert by clicking the \"Report\" button in the bottom right corner of a job description.For Employers:How to submit a job offer to London UK Jobs?Click on the Add Job Offer button (present on every page) then fill the form and submit. You will receive a confirmation email, with 3 links that will allow you to Confirm, Edit and Disable the advert if the position is filled.IMPORTANT: The job advert should be confirmed to appear on our website. If the advert is not confirmed in 48 hours it is removed from our database. If you didn't receive the confirmation email, please look in your spam folder, if it is there please mark it as not spam.In case You entered an invalid email by mistake, You will have to submit another vacancy advert with correct email address.Disclaimer and TOSBy using londonukjobs.com you agree to the following:londonukjobs.com provides a free service which should be accepted as is.All the job information is provided by the respective employers, we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information like salary, job requirements and description.Under no circumstances will londonukjobs.com be responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of our website and services.We keep the rights to remove any advert from our website without warnings. If you do not agree to these terms please do not use our website.London UK Jobs | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Careers"
