"Solutions Architect - SLEDAll JobsField OperationsSolutions Architect - SLEDSolutions Architect - SLEDApplyElastic is a free and open search company that powers enterprise search, observability, and security solutions built on one technology stack that can be deployed anywhere. From finding documents to monitoring infrastructure to hunting for threats, Elastic makes data usable in real-time and at scale. Thousands of organizations worldwide, including Barclays, Cisco, eBay, Fairfax, ING, Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, The Mayo Clinic, NASA, The New York Times, Wikipedia, and Verizon, use Elastic to power mission-critical systems. Founded in 2012, Elastic is a distributed company with Elasticians around the globe. Learn more at elastic.co.Are you looking to make a real impact and play a meaningful role in the growth of our company?As a Solutions Architect at Elastic you will serve as a technical authority and trusted advisor to our sales team, customers, partners and community. You will understand and solve our customer’s business issues with the Elastic Stack, engage the regional Elastic community through events and programs, and enable sales through our Partners. A successful SA at Elastic will be focused on excellence; taking the initiative to improve both themselves and the team through continuous learning and questioning the status quo.What You Will Be Doing:Serving as the technical point of contact for your accounts and account managers in your assigned territory.Developing a deep understanding of customers’ goals and objectives, and articulating how our offerings address their needs.Creating and owning value based relationships at all levels in customer organizations.Actively participating in all phases of planning and execution for your territory, from initial discovery to the technical win.Developing and maintaining a deep understanding of the Elastic products and solutions to demonstrate the value of our offerings in sales meetings, and at events such as meetups and conferences.Advising the sales team on effective ways of positioning Elastic products, solutions and services.Onboarding, educating and enabling our partners, and supporting them in sales cycles.Creating collateral, contributing to programs and collaborating with other Elasticians to meet individual client needs.Being the voice of the customer and community to communicate needs, gaps, and enhancements to our engineering and leadership teams.Deepening both your sales and technical skills through self driven education while taking advantage of all the professional development opportunities provided by Elastic.What You Bring Along:A track record of success including a minimum of 3 years in a technical presales role-- enough experience in a technical sales role for a technology company to earn your customer’s trust.Quantifiable experience with State and Local Government and/or Education customers, including the ability to “speak their language” during a sales callA demonstrable ability to articulate and sell the benefits of modern platforms, software and technologies.A real passion for being curious and a continuous learner. You are someone that invests in yourself as much as you invest in your professional relationships.A history of successful customer relations where you developed an understanding of what made a difference, and devised architectures that helped meet a goal, tackle a problem, or outpace competitors.An ability to influence. Have you more than once convinced a team you worked for, of an idea, technology, or architectural pattern?The ability to inspire groups, both large and small.A willingness to travel 30-50% within the Southern US, as well as occasionally nationally and/or internationallyIdeal location for our next hire will be in either Florida or TexasWhy Elastic?“Once I started, I was blown away to realize, what was always so obvious, everything is search. Anything you do with data involves search, every app needs search, even analytics are about search. Daily I am blown away with the types of things our users and customers are doing with search.” Director of Product, Elastic.Why this team?“We question the status quo, debate the best ways to accomplish our goals and hold ourselves and our teams to the highest standards of performance. We take pride in our ability to understand our customers needs and make recommendations that are based on extensive global experience across multiple use cases. We learn from our mistakes and losses and celebrate our successes with an eye towards constant improvement. Join this team if you are up for a compassionate, understanding and fair environment where you can really grow into the next phase of your career.” VP WW Solution Architecture, ElasticAdditional Information - We Take Care of Our PeopleAs a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salaryHealth coverage for you and your family in many locationsAbility to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many rolesGenerous number of vacation days each yearDouble your charitable giving - We match up to $1500 (or local currency equivalent)Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you loveEmbracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leaveDifferent people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is committed to diversity as well as inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer and committed to the principles of affirmative action. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation. If you require any reasonable accessibility support, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co.#LI-SB1Please see here for our Privacy Statement.Apply{{result.title.raw}}By{{result.author.raw}}{{$result.body.snippet}}Read more Back to all JobsLearn about Elastic's CultureNotify Me of Open PositionsSign in with your social account to receive emails when Elastic posts open positions you might be interested in:FacebookLinkedInEmail FrequencyDaily Weekly MonthlyCategoriesLocation{{alert.msg}}Sign UpIf you click to sign-in above, you will be added to the Elastic talent network. Your information will not be shared or sold. This data will be stored for 12 months at which point it will be automatically deleted. If you want to be removed from the talent network, please email friends@ongig.com. To learn more about our privacy policy, click here"
