"50+ Best Flexible Stay at Home Mom Jobs (Updated for 2021) - One Fine WalletStartStay at Home JobsBUSINESS IDEAS FOR WOMENPROOFREADING JOBSNON-PHONE JOBSSTART A BLOGStudent JobsSide HustlesSave MoneySelect Page50+ Best Flexible Stay at Home Mom Jobs (Updated for 2021)20.3KsharesFacebookPinterestTwitterStay-at-Home JobsWhether you have a one-year-old or a ten-year-old, life as a stay at home mom can be hectic.And to juggle a 9-5 job along with family commitments, things can get a little stressful.This was me not long ago, and that’s when I decided I needed to find some of the best work at home jobs for moms.I now make a full-time income from home with my blog One Fine Wallet. It not only has stay-at-home mom jobs, but also flexible editing jobs, passive income ideas, and side jobs to make an extra $100 a day.Blogging is just one way to do it, and in this post, you will learn about a wide range of stay at home jobs that can be done either part-time or full-time.The truth is, apart from a number of jobs opportunities that end up as a scam, there are still so many little-known stay-at-home mom jobs that pay well. And today we are going to dig deep into some of them so you can choose the ones that are flexible to work around your lifestyle – like typing jobs for moms.One big hurdle that I had when looking for online work, was attending phone calls.It’s not easy having little kids echo in the background while concentrating on the phone. If that’s you, this list of 40 non-phone jobs is perfect to do from home.Note: If you are looking for work from home jobs moms with newborns, here are 4 online job opportunities that need little to no investment.Let’s now take a look at some of the most popular online jobs for stay at home moms.*This post may contain affiliate links. Disclosure here.Online Jobs for Stay at Home MomsBefore we begin, let me introduce you to some of the best online job boards to find remote work. You can find temporary, permanent, full-time and part-time jobs in here.It’s a good idea to sign up with them to receive job alerts, so you can be notified when there is an opening.We Work Remotely – They offer jobs like graphic designing, freelance writing, copywriting, customer service and more. This website has over 2.5 million monthly visitors and only post online jobs.Virtual Vocations – They have jobs suited for parents, military spouses, students or retirees looking for virtual jobs. To access their jobs, you can either sign up for their free account or their paid subscription that costs $15.99 a month, but gets you notified of new job openings before those on the free plan.Intuit – They have remote jobs ranging from administrations, data entry, bookkeeping, marketing, engineering and more. They provide remote work for those living in the following countries – USA, Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, India, Israel, Mexico, Singapore and the UK. They have both onsite and offsite jobs available, so when you are searching for jobs click on the “locations” tab and select – Remote USA or Remote UK. This way the search results only show you remote work.Work at Home Jobs for MomsStay at Home Call Centre JobsThis is one of the best places to begin for stay-at-home moms. The jobs are flexible and you do not require previous experience or qualifications to begin. The only drawback you may encounter is that work is not available throughout the year. Nevertheless, you can apply to the following job openings and see if there are opportunities available.Alorica at home1-800-FlowersCruiseConcentrixApple at home advisorsHilton Reservations and Customer CarePaid Online Research – up to $150/hrA focus group is where you participate in online research and provide feedback. This feedback will help a researcher with their work, and in return, they pay you the compensation that can go up to $150 per hour.Respondent is one such platform that connects you with researchers. Once you sign up, you get access to a dashboard that lists out studies relevant to you. Next, you will be allowed to schedule a time that suits you to take the study which can be either a one-on-one video call or an online survey.Also read: How to earn $300/study with RespondentEdit files at homeIf you love to read, write and play word games this job might interest you.As a scopist, you will edit courtroom files at home.These are electronic documents that will be sent to you by court reporters. You need to check for spellings and vocabulary and make the necessary edits.As a scopist, you can work from anywhere, as you receive and return files via the internet. So everything can be done from your home, as long as you have a good internet connection and a reliable computer to work on.This post here is a detailed interview with expert scopist Linda Evenson.Scopist Salary: $4,000 a month and over.Linda also has a free Scoping mini-course that you can check out hereTyping Jobs – $45kThis is nothing but transcription work.As a transcriber, you will be given a set of pre-recorded audio files that will need to be typed out accurately.The main requirement of this well-paying work-at-home job is that you are a fast and accurate typist.Types of files you may receive are doctors notes, research work, business meetings, university lectures or celebrity interviews.There are three types of transcription jobs – General, Legal and Medical. While general is an easier option, legal and medical transcriptionist can get paid higher.Salary: $45,000/yearHELPFUL RESOURCES:How to become a transcriptionist: Read moreFree Transcription mini-course: HERE20 Online companies hiring new transcribers:HEREMake Money On PinterestThis might seem strange to some, but yes you can make money on Pinterest in many different ways.One such way is through affiliate marketing – without any investment. To begin you will need to open a Pinterest account (if you don’t already have one), join an affiliate program and create pin images for each of your products and share it on Pinterest.When someone spots your pin images > goes on to read > and clicks on the affiliate link to make a purchase >> you will make a commission!I have tried this in the past and have made $122.50 in just one month! And that’s without writing a blog post on my website!You can use either Canva or PicMonkey to create pin images.Here is a detailed post on how to make money with Pinterest.The earning potential with affiliate marketing can vary depending on how well you promote. The $122.50 I made was in my second month of affiliate marketing. Once you get the hang of it sky is the limit!Customer Service JobsIf you can manage a few quiet hours a day, you can work as a customer service representative from home.Your main requirement would be a high-speed internet connection and a headset. Needless to say, having previous customer service experience comes with an advantage.I have listed a few places you can apply. The job usually involves answering phone calls or an email chat agent.Ver-A-FastAriseLive WorldService 800StarTekTesting WebsitesYou can earn money for testing and reviewing websites online. You can earn up to $15 for 20 minutes of your time.Many websites require feedback regarding the overall appearance and user experience of their site. This is where you come in.As a website tester, you will need to check the website and provide feedback usually in the form of a video call. This helps website owners fix issues and improve their site.This is a well-paying side hustle if you are looking for quick money. No experience or qualification s required, but you do need to be fluent in English and have a PayPal account to be paid.Worldwide Jobs Available:– User Testing– User Feel– Testing Time– Try my UI– EnrollPinterest Virtual AssistantThis is another option to make money using Pinterest, by becoming a Pinterest virtual assistant.Your job will be to help online businesses promote their products on Pinterest. A few things that you will do is to set up a Pinterest account and create pin images to promote on the platform.This highly sought after course will help you learn how to become a Pinterest VA and work from home. They also help you land clients so you can find work in your early days.Salary: Between $35-$50 an hourHELPFUL RESOURCES:Kristin Larsen’s course is hugely popular that trains you to become a Pinterest VA. Enrollment is open only a few times a year but you can join the waitlist to be notified.Here are 7 extra ways you can make money from Pinterest>>Virtual assistantJust like a Pinterest VA, you can also work from home as a General Virtual Assistant.A Virtual Assistant is someone that performs admin tasks from home. There are many services you can offer. You can download this free list of 275+ services to offer as a virtual assistant.Virtual assistants are in high demand as many business owners prefer to outsource most of their regular tasks, like reading and sending emails and promoting their business on social media.Here is how you can become a Virtual assistant in 30 days>>Fashion StylistYou can make either a full-time or part-time career as a fashion stylist from home. You can either create your own online website to showcase your work or provide one-on-one styling advice for a more personalized option for clients.If you are interested in pursuing a career in fashion, you can learn to become a fashion stylist with Cabi.Make Money with A blogThis here is my all-time favourite. I own this blog One Fine Wallet that I began it in early 2018, hoping to make some money from it. Little did I know that it would generate a full-time income each month for our little family.The real cost of starting a blog in 2019,A RELIABLE website hosting – I highly recommend Siteground which is less than $4/monthYou can begin with a FREE website theme – I used the DIVI theme for this blog and love it! You get a 10% off using this link.An email service provider, so readers can subscribe to your blog – Mailerlite is FREE up to 1000 subscribersAnd that’s it! You are ready to begin. So really its just the website hosting that will cost you for the initial set up.Write and earnThere are 3 ways you can get paid to write and earn,Become a freelance writer and earn when working with clients.Write for magazines and get paid per article that is published. ($50-$250 per post)Begin your website own so you can promote your service as a freelance writer.The flexibility of earning as a writer is perfect for stay at home parents. You can work when your kid’s nap or during their playtime. I am an early riser, I get most of my online work done in the morning before the kids wake up. And during the day, I fine-tune my work.Related posts you may like:Make your first $1,000 as a freelance writerDriver Delivery Jobs suitable for momsProofreadingIf you are looking to create a sustainable long-term income, I would recommend this highly paid and in-demand work at home job. We are talking an average $40,000/yr working from home working as an online proofreader.This, in my opinion, is one of the best jobs for stay at home moms.If you have eagles eyes to spot grammatical errors, then this is one job you must consider doing. As a proofreader, you can edit typos in books, blogs, resumes, cookbooks and much more.I highly recommend you check out this FREE 76-minute workshop. Amanda a stay-at-home mom of three, makes a part-time income from home as an online proofreader. Read her journey to making money as a proofreader.You don’t need any prior experience or a college degree to become a proofreader. And best of all, you can work from anywhere in the world.**Get your copy of the Work at Home book – The no-nonsense guide to earning an income from anywhere. It’s free using this link.Online TeachingAnother flexible job opportunity for stay at home moms is online tutoring.You don’t need a fancy tutoring qualification or experience to begin. A bachelors degree is a minimum requirement in most cases.Here are 5 English tutoring companies that need you to teach English online. You will be given all the necessary study material to help you train Primary school kids.Most of the sessions take anywhere between 30 minutes to an hour.Salary – $14-$26 an hour.Sell Online – EtsyYou might have bought Christmas crafts or handmade crafts on Etsy, but have you considered selling things yourself?Join this massive creative marketplace where there are over 33 million buyers ready to purchase handmade jewellery, scarves, crafts, clothes or just anything you can make. You can even sell printables to make a living on Etsy!Once you join Etsy, you can list your product and will pay a little commission fee only when you make a sale.Here are 3 things you need to decide before starting an Etsy store,What you want to sellOpen an Etsy shopCreate your productsStock up your store.Promote – On social media (Pinterest is great)Spread the word – with family and friends and ask them to share the good news.Once you become an established Etsy seller bring in a steady income each month.Sell PhotosYou can make money from selling stock photos. This is a huge necessity for online business owners, including myself.Stock photos are images that websites may use to beautify their content and make it more appealing to readers. You can create your own website and start selling your photos.Your investment would be a good camera (or even a high-quality phone camera) and some props to make your photos stand out. You can place a white foam board on your floor and line up some props to create a stunning photo.Pixistock and IvoryMix are two of my favorite websites created by moms that sell amazing stock photos.Sell an ebookApart from blogging, I make money selling my own ebook.You can sell your ebook on Amazon or on your own website. I chose to sell it on my blog and it cost me less than $30. This is one of the best be your own boss jobs. You are in full control – from writing – to selling – to making money from it.I used Canva a free website to create my ebook, Adazing to create a mock-up cover image and SendOwl to take care of the payments and transactions ($9/month).Start a Youtube channelIf you prefer being in front of the camera, instead of writing you can start your own YouTube channel. You make money on a Youtube channel from ads that appear or affiliate products you promote.As a stay at home mom, you can create a channel based on baby food, toddler life, parenting, fun kids crafts, or just lifestyle. If you have more time on your hands you can create a recipe channel. Food is always a popular topic online and an awesome recipe never gets old!Make money from foodSince we were just talking about food, here are 8 creative ways you can make money from food.Most of these are online jobs for moms and don’t cost you a lot to set up.Starting a food blog is one of the ways and here is how you can earn from it on a budget.Get paid for online researchThese are side hustles that will pay you for completing short research tasks. You won’t get make a full-time income with these, but you can make a few hundred dollars each month.Vindale Research – You can earn up to $50 per survey you complete and can redeem it as cash via PayPal.Sign up for free here and get $1 bonus to get you started.Pinecone Research – Similar to Vindale Research, you answer a set of questionnaire and get paid points that you can redeem for cash. They take under 5 minutes to complete.Sign up here to get started>Once you sign up for these surveys you make sure you check your email to confirm, to be eligible for surveys right away.One-on-One CoachingIf you are good at providing personal services like SEO consultation, online fitness advice, or any such online coaching services you can charge your clients per hour.Your coaching sessions can be via a phone call, a series of emails or a skype call.Meal PlannerIf you are good at meal planning you can begin a meal planning service. And because this is so much in demand, you can price yours a lot lesser than your competitors.You can team up with other moms and start this business at home.You can create meal plans that you send out weekly once someone signs up for your subscription.Photography servicesThis might require you to leave your home, but quite flexible if you have someone to help with your kids for a few hours.There are so many types of photography services you can provide from candid photography, newborn photography, and weddings.Salary: An average photographer in America can earn $36,000/yrSell an online courseJust like selling an ebook, you can sell an e-course. This can include video tutorials to make it more interesting, this gives your reader an easy walk through.Teachable is an online platform that you can use to sell your course. You can upload the contents of your course here and they will take care of payments and transactions.Some course ideas are meal planning, photography, crafts or just teaching a new skill.That’s your 19 best stay at home mom jobs for you to begin your work from home career.Here are extra ways to make over $200 a month in cash, and smart ways to earn FREE Amazon gift cards for doing almost nothing!There you have it.The best work from home jobs for moms with no experience.Stay at home mom jobs20.3KsharesFacebookPinterestTwitter2 Popular Money Making SitesEarn up to $50 each time you share your opinion about products and brands - available to those in the US, Canada and Australia. Join Survey Junkie here, it's free!Take part in daily surveys worth up to $35 with Swagbucks.Share:Previous3 Top Paying Google Adsense Alternatives (2019)	NextApps that Pay You Money – 20 Highest Paying Apps in 2021	About The AuthorSaranya RamanathanHi, I'm Saranya. Here to help you find the best way to manage your finances, with the most flexible work at home options and, realistic money saving ideas. I have been featured on popular websites like Business Insider and Readers Digest.Related PostsMake Extra Money with Paid Surveys at HomeApril 7, 2018How to Become a Transcriptionist – Free Online Mini CourseSeptember 4, 2018Ultimate work at home bundle- limited time only!May 17, 2018How to get into Voice Over Work (Voice Acting Jobs included)March 8, 20196 Commentsdani	on December 30, 2018 at 10:14 pm	This is just meaty! Than you for putting this together. I have favourited it for future purposes. =)Reply	Mircea	on January 28, 2019 at 2:40 pm	Loved the article. Just one question: have you tried Pixteller instead of Canva? I made the switch some time ago and don’t regret it. Maybe you get a change and have a look.Reply	Saranya Ramanathan	on February 1, 2019 at 11:35 am	Hi Mircea, no I haven’t. I will give Pixteller a try, thanks for letting me know:)Reply	Marisa Snow	on February 4, 2019 at 1:06 pm	Hello I am new to your site and loved your article. I am retiring soon (NICU Nurse) and I would like to do something different and make money at the same time without the stress and demanding job of being a nurse. If you have any other suggestions for someone like me I would appreciate it so much. I just can’t sit home doing nothing. I am planning to do some volunteering as well. Thank you very much!Reply	Saranya Ramanathan	on February 5, 2019 at 4:57 pm	Hi Marissa, Starting this blog has been one of the best decisions Ive made with my career. I am able to work from home with two kids under 3, its quite flexible as you can work your hours. But another one of my favorite side hustle is proofreading. You can check this post out https://onefinewallet.com/online-proofreading-jobs/ Its perfect for those who want to put their work skills to use:)Reply	Saranya Ramanathan	on February 5, 2019 at 4:57 pm	Hi Marissa, Starting this blog has been one of the best decisions Ive made with my career. I am able to work from home with two kids under 3, its quite flexible as you can work your hours. But another one of my favorite side hustle is proofreading. You can check this post out https://onefinewallet.com/online-proofreading-jobs/ Its perfect for those who want to put their work skills to use:)Reply	Trackbacks/Pingbacks16 Smart Passive Income Ideas {Updated for 2020} - […] flexibility with blogging is amazing, and I believe its the perfect stay at home mom job as it has given me…	Leave a reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *COMMENTName *Email *WebsiteThis site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.Search for:Featured InDesigned by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPressDisclosure PolicyPrivacy PolicyAbout meContact20.3Kshares"
