"Jobs | TrulyHiredHomeSearchBrowseRemote JobsPost a JobJob AlertsCareer ServicesEvent CalendarResume ScanBlogAboutContactSign inSign upHomeSearchBrowseRemote JobsPost a JobJob AlertsCareer ServicesEvent CalendarResume ScanBlogAboutContactLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesEducation 34805 Administrative 2857 Operations and Facilities 333 Executive Leadership 237 School Leadership 142 Remote/Virtual Role 102Technology 33 Seasonal/Other Opportunities 32 Special Education Support 32 Para-Professional 30 Curriculum 25 Product and Program Management 18 Consulting 13 Development and Fundraising 11 Strategy and Planning 10 Customer Success 9MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-time 9307 Part-time 2986Refine by Salary Range$40,000 - $75,000 7 $75,000 - $100,000 6 $100,000 - $150,000 1Refine by CityThornton 877 Las Vegas 714 Stuart 451 Syracuse 284 Fayetteville 259 Cary 229Burlington 155 Greensboro 140 Phoenix 137 Kissimmee 129 Frisco 124 Columbus 102 Long Beach 99 Newton 93 Concord 91 Houston 88 Bolivia 81 Springfield 81 Lincolnton 79 Boston 76MoreRefine by StateNorth Carolina 2460 Massachusetts 1261 Colorado 1064 Iowa 834 Nevada 742 Florida 654California 639 Arizona 501 Texas 418 Oregon 346 New York 313 Washington 276 Michigan 224 Vermont 217 Maine 195 Illinois 191 South Carolina 163 Maryland 162 Rhode Island 162 New Hampshire 156MoreAthletics & Activities Accounting and Finance School Support12,633 jobs foundJan 13, 2021Program Manager FeaturedWho We Are: TEACH is a community impact organization currently operating in Houston Independent School District schools located in predominantly low-income neighborhoods. TEACH focuses on empowering educators by helping them build safe and calm classrooms through intensive training and coaching on classroom management, which focuses on areas such as de-escalation, conflict resolution, building students’ self-image, and nonverbal communication. TEACH is a 501(c)3, tax-exempt charitable organization. TEACH is on a trajectory of fast growth. We are creating a learning, growing, and thriving organization and need your unique set of talents and skills to help us empower more educators. Click here to learn more about TEACH’S program and results. Who We Are Looking For: We are seeking an instructional leader who is a strategic thinker, a strong implementer and an excellent developer of people. This Program Manager should be...TEACH - To Educate All Children Houston, TX, USA Full-timeJan 11, 2021Development Director FeaturedTo Educate All Children seeks an enterprising and bold Director of Development to support TEACH’s robust fundraising function, including setting strategy, executing events and relationship building in the Houston community. Who We Are: TEACH is a community impact organization currently operating in Houston Independent School District schools located in predominantly low-income neighborhoods. TEACH focuses on empowering educators by helping them build safe and calm classrooms through intensive training and coaching on classroom management, which focuses on areas such as de-escalation, conflict resolution, building students’ self-image, and nonverbal communication. TEACH is a 501(c)3, tax-exempt charitable organization. TEACH is on a trajectory of fast growth. We are creating a learning, growing, and thriving organization and need YOUR unique set of talents and skills to help us empower more educators. Click here to learn more about...TEACH - To Educate All Children Houston, TX, USA Full-timeJan 11, 2021Finance Director FeaturedJob Description Job title Director of Finance Salary Range N/A Position Classification N/A Reports to Managing Director of Finance Department Finance Shift/Schedule 8:30am-5:30pm Account Code N/A Location KIPP Metro Atlanta Position type Full-time Organization Overview: KIPP Metro Atlanta is part of the nation-wide KIPP non-profit network of 255 college-preparatory, public charter schools educating more than 100,000 early childhood, elementary, middle, and high school students. KIPP Metro Atlanta currently operates eleven KIPP schools including four primary schools, five middle schools, one K-6 school, and one high school, as well as the KIPP Through College Program which supports students on their...KIPP Metro Atlanta Schools Atlanta, GA, USA Full-timeJan 11, 2021Site Director FeaturedAbout College Track College Track is a comprehensive college completion program that empowers students from underserved communities to graduate from college. From ninth grade through college graduation, our 10-year program removes the academic, financial, and social-emotionalbarriers that prevent low-income and first-generation students from earning their college degree. In 1997, we started with 25 students in East Palo Alto, and today, we have 12 centers located in underserved communities across California, Colorado, Louisiana, and the D.C. Metro Area with more than 3,000 students on the path to upward social mobility. To learn more, please visit www.collegetrack.org. Our Impact College Track students graduate from college at a rate that is more than double the national average for low-income and first-generation students. Six months out of college, 79% of College Track alumni are employed. For those 30 and over, 92% report earnings greater than their parents with wages...College Track Oakland, CA, USA Full-timeDec 29, 2020Manager of Financial Accountability Featured$69,414 - $93,405 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Manger of Financial Accountability is a key position in the office of School Finance and the Financial Compliance Division as their role impacts the financial operations of 1,200 charter schools and school districts across Texas. The Manager of Financial Accountability supervises a team of four to five hardworking individuals and reports to the Director of the Financial Compliance Division. The Manager is responsible for leading the team that assigns financial ratings to all districts and charters. Additionally, this position performs highly advanced, hand-on auditing work that includes monitoring charter schools and school districts’ financial and operational strength. The Manager corresponds with school district and/or charter school personnel, school district or charter...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeDec 14, 2020Investigator VI Featured$51,613 - $68,046 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: As part of the Office of Governance and Accountability, the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) is a department within the Division of Governance: Compliance and Investigations. This team is made up of high-performing individuals committed to improving outcomes for Texas students. The position entails advanced regulatory investigative work related to alleged violations and noncompliance with laws and regulations pertaining to the Texas educational system, including the Texas Administrative Code and Texas Education Code. This position involves planning, organizing, and conducting regulatory complaint reviews and investigations of various categories: curriculum, administrative, governance, finance, and other statutory compliance. This position will work closely with school district...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeDec 04, 2020Assistant Director of Forecasting and Fiscal Analysis Featured$76,356 - $102,744 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Assistant Director of Forecasting and Fiscal Analysis has a key role in promoting financial transparency and financial best practices in school districts by publishing easily accessible comparative expenditure reports for school districts and campuses. The assistant director has primary responsibility for the agency's online financial information tool (FIT), PEIMS financial reporting, and 5 sets of financial reports submitted to the federal government regarding Texas school district and campus financial information. This position also provides bill analysis and fiscal notes for legislative sessions and is responsible for the timely provision of data requests and public information requests for Foundation School Program (FSP) and school district expenditure data. The...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeDec 04, 2020Director of Teacher Compensation Strategy Featured$69,414 - $93,405 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Director of Teacher Compensation Strategy will play a critical role in the planning and implementation of House Bill 3’s Teacher Incentive Allotment, which aims to provide a pathway for outstanding Texas teachers to earn six-figure salaries. As part of the implementation of the Teacher Incentive Allotment, this individual will play a key role in the creation of guidance documents and overall technical support provided to districts to guide them in developing pathways for their teachers to earn six-figure salaries and strengthen their recruitment and retention of effective teachers. This role will serve as a trusted advisor to district human capital and finance teams to weigh options and make informed decisions that align to the goals of the Teacher Incentive Allotment. This...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeNov 24, 2020Contract Specialist IV Featured$48,277 - $63,615 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) Contracts and Purchasing Division (CPD) is seeking an experienced and highly motivated individual to join a team of procurement professionals committed to improving educational outcomes for all public-school students in the state. This position is part of the procurement team who draft and advertise complex solicitations and facilitate the vendor selection (evaluation) process for those solicitations. The team develops approximately 40 solicitations (RFP, RFQ, SOW and RFO) each year. Individual members of the team will publish 8-12 solicitations each year and manage an average workload of 5-6 solicitations in development, publishing, and/or evaluation activities at any given time. This position may support other team or division members with...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeNov 24, 2020Lead Budget Analyst Featured$63,103 - $83,298 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Lead Budget Analyst is responsible for planning, assigning, assisting, and supervising the Budget Team with the preparation of required state and agency budgetary reports to ensure compliance with the General Appropriations Act and other applicable state and federal statutes. The work includes coordinating, examining, monitoring, and analyzing operating budgets and providing technical assistance to TEA staff and the Budget Team on budgetary matters. This position reports to the Assistant Budget Director and works under minimal supervision to performs highly advanced managerial budgetary work. Please note that a resume and tailored cover letter are required attachments for applying to this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeNov 20, 2020Operational Due Diligence Specialist Featured$59,004 - $96,720 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: This position reports to the Director of Operational Due Diligence of the Texas Permanent School Fund (TPSF), a $34B public fund endowment. Provides highly complex financial analysis, risk assessment, and operational due diligence work related to underwriting third party investment managers and PSF service providers. Responsibilities will include implementing and executing tailored, ongoing risk assessment and mitigation plans; monitoring third party advisors; and participating in the investment selection process. A successful employee must be honest and ethical in all work, recognize the requirements of confidentiality, and be intellectually curious about business internal controls and best practices in the financial industry. The professional selected for this position will work...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeNov 20, 2020Investment Operations Specialist Featured$51,613 - $84,478 yearlyMISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems. POSITION OVERVIEW: This position is in the Permanent School Fund (PSF), a $34 billion perpetual public fund endowment that helps finance the state’s public schools. The Investment Operations Specialist (Financial Analyst II) performs highly complex (senior-level) financial analysis and regulatory work that requires researching, verifying, compiling, reviewing, analyzing, and evaluating portfolio transactions. This individual will play a critical role in conducting research on portfolio capital changes and preparing portfolio reports timely and accurately. In addition, the Investment Operations Specialist will interact with outside service providers and custodians to validate portfolio valuation data on a daily and monthly basis for financial reporting and will support strategic projects and process...Texas Education Agency Austin, TX, USA Full-timeOct 30, 2020School Finance Analyst Program FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates + location are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse...EdOps Remote (Washington, DC, USA) Full-timeOct 30, 2020Charter School Finance Specialist FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse organizations. The...EdOps Remote (Washington, DC, USA) Full-timeOct 30, 2020School Finance Analyst Program FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates + location are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse...EdOps Washington, DC, USA Full-timeOct 30, 2020Charter School Finance Specialist FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse organizations. The...EdOps New Orleans, LA, USA Full-timeOct 30, 2020Charter School Finance Specialist FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse organizations. The...EdOps Washington, DC, USA Full-timeOct 30, 2020Charter School Finance Specialist FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse organizations. The...EdOps Kansas City, MO, USA Full-timeOct 30, 2020Charter School Finance Specialist FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse organizations. The...EdOps Detroit, MI, USA Full-timeOct 30, 2020Charter School Finance Specialist FeaturedEdOps specializes in the finance, student data and operations work of leading schools. Our mission is to minimize the financial, operational, and compliance demands of running a school and to support education leaders with data-driven insights to improve student outcomes. Our range of services includes finance & accounting, grants management, student data analytics & management, human resources, strategic consulting, and facilities finance support. With a rapidly growing team of 60+ education professionals around the country, EdOps works with a range of schools and networks in multiple states to ensure operational excellence in support of student achievement. We are quickly growing and always hiring! Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, and start dates are flexible. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to [email protected] We are looking for a mission-driven and business-oriented individual who excels at working with clients in diverse organizations. The...EdOps New York, NY, USA Full-timeLoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedInHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign in© 2021 WorkMonger"
