"Arbejde Graphic Designer Hovedstaden FLSMIDTH & CO. A/S - jobtilbud | wypr.dkJobtilbudRegionerArbejdsgivereStillingsbetegnelserForside / Hovedstaden / Graphic Designer FLSMIDTH & CO. A/SArbejde Graphic Designer Hovedstaden FLSMIDTH & CO. A/S - jobtilbudGÆLDERstillingsbetegnelse: Graphic Designerjobbeskrivelse:Location Valby Organization Name Group Marketing Professional Area Design Engineering Department Description Graphic Designer (DTP specialist) Brief Description This is your chance to be part of a truly international work environment and impact the FLSmidth brand worldwide. Working with colleagues from all around the world, who will highly appreciate your good work, the world will be your playground. Group Marketing maintains, develops and grows the FLSmidth brands by providing all marketing assets necessary to the divisions and business units in the company. Based in Valby, Denmark, you will get 2 colleagues and a truly international and versatile position, where you are responsible for the visual external and group-wide communication. Detailed Description Be our main graphic designer across the company You will report to the Head of Group Marketing but have a close day-to-day working relationship with other global marketing departments as well as group functions. Thus, you support all global marketing divisions and will receive requests from across the organization to develop graphic material. Doing so, you will: · produce external material (brochures, newsletters, flyers, posters, campaigns, banners, and GIFs) for marketing, CSR, Investor Relations, and internally for Group Communication · approve and align all graphic design according to FLSmidth visual design guidelines · maintain and develop our media database · coordinate graphic design with external agencies/partners · be instrumental - if needed - in setting up a shared DTP service function in India. Job Requirements Experienced graphic designer with marketing knowledge · You are an experienced graphic designer with a few years of experience in the advertising/graphic design field and documented experience in both print and online media. · You hold a BA, BS or equivalent in graphic arts, desktop publishing or creative design. · You have experience in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat) or comparable graphic applications as well as experience with Microsoft Office Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. · You have knowledge of marketing media channels and techniques (media negotiation, proofing, specifications, media formats, printing, etc.). On a personal level, you possess great communication, planning, organizational, and problem-solving skills, allowing you to collaborate well with your colleagues across the globe. Moreover, you have the ability to manage multiple tasks and establish priorities with accuracy and dependability, as you will often ping-pong back and forth with your colleagues regarding the different assignments. Finally, you are flexible when we reach sharp deadlines, and you know when to voice your opinion to secure our guidelines. Additional Details Our commitment to you FLSmidth helps build societies all over the world by contributing to the infrastructure needed for global economic growth. You take off for a career in an international environment in close collaboration with customers, suppliers and colleagues all over the world based on our values: Competence, Co-operation and Responsibility. Ensuring that safety stays on top of mind is part of FLSmidth’s commitment of being a responsible employer and we focus on developing your talent through ongoing training. Questions about the position may be directed to Head of Group Marketing Peter Harrig Nielsen on +45 36 18 34 94. Please apply by clicking “apply” on this page. The application deadline is 15 August 2016, but we take candidates into the recruitment process continuously. Please state where you saw the ad and have reference no. IRC25567 ready at hand, when you contact us. How To Apply FLSmidth is an international engineering company with an annual turnover of app. EUR 2.8 bn. We are the world’s leading supplier of plants, machinery, services and spare parts to the minerals and cement industry. To maintArbejdsgiver Navn: FLSMIDTH & CO. A/SArbejdsgiver telefonnummer: 36181000Job kort beskrivelse: Arbejde med grafisk og multimediedesignland: Danmarkregion: HovedstadenKontrakt varighed: FastKontrakttype: Fuldtidkrævede uddannelse: Ikke angivetKilde til jobtilbud: AMS, Offentlige arbejdsformidlinger, DanmarkGÆLDERSimiliar jobtilbudAnalog system modeling and simulation specialist -Ingeniørarbejde inden for elektronikMellanox Technologies is seeking an analog system modeling and simulation specialist for our Roskilde, Denmark based analog IC design team. In this job you will establish new methodologies and capability in the team and use it to optimize and simulateMELLANOX TECHNOLOGIES DENMARK ApS - 2016-05-28 - HovedstadenAnalytical Chemist for API Analytical Development -Farmaceutarbejde- Research & Development - Denmark - Måløv We are seeking a highly qualified, motivated and energetic Research Scientist for a challenging position in Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) Analytical Development to drive and supportNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-08-02 - HovedstadenAnlægsgartner -Væksthus- og anlægsgartnerarbejdeAnlægsgartner med belægning som speciale eller alsidig brolægger. Vi søger en frisk person der kan arbejde selvstændigt sammen med en lærling, og som kan udføre kvalitets arbejde for vore mange kunder. FirmaetPRIMA BYG V/SØREN BICHEL NIELSEN - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenAuditor -Revisions- og regnskabscontrollerarbejdeJob Overview The role is based in Copenhagen and will involve different aspects of Marine Management Systems Operations. This will include but is not limited to ISM/ISPS/MLC/ISO9001/ISO14001/ISO18001 plus any future Codes / Standards that are associatedLLOYDS REGISTER EMEA - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenBiostatistical Specialist for clinical development -Arbejde med matematiske, aktuariske og statistiske metoder og teorier- Biostatistics and Data Management - Denmark - Søborg Do you wish to work in a highly professional, engaging and global environment where you can use your statistical expertise and quality mindNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenButiksbestyre - Bagel - Nørrebro -Til Bagel butik, beliggende på Nørrebro, søges en frisk, erfaren medarbejder, til snarest tiltrædelse. Arbejdstiden vil være 37 timer om ugen, som placeres i tidsrummet kl. 10.00 - 20.00, efter nærmere aftale. Du skal stå for og have ansvaret for den dagligeRoyal Bagel Copenhagen - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenClinical Compliance Coordinator -Journalistisk arbejde- Research & Development - Denmark - Søborg Being part of Novo Nordisk Research & Development means working at one of the world\\'s largest and most successful biopharmaceutical companies. Our R&D organisation is vital to Novo Nordisk\\'sNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenCustomer Insight Analyst -Systemanalytikerarbejde- Building best in class Analytical CRM for Corporate banking Are you looking for a company with a strong strategic focus on analytics to use your experience to create direct customer value? In Analytical CRM we are looking for an experienced analystNORDEA BANK DANMARK A/S - 2016-06-27 - HovedstadenDepartment Manager for RA Device -Farmaceutarbejde- Regulatory Affairs - Denmark - Søborg At Novo Nordisk, we share a passion for changing patients´ lives, and we are always looking for talented individuals who want to join us in this effort. If you are motivated by the opportunity to combineNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenErhvervschef -Vil du være med til at skabe innovation og udvikling i tæt samarbejde med vores lokale erhvervsliv? Til en nyoprettet stilling søger vi en erhvervschef, som skal udvikle og opbygge den lokale erhvervsservice i Lejre Kommune i et tæt samarbejde med erhvervslivet og de centerchefer,Lejre Kommune- øverste LOS - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenFinance Business Process Lead in Supply Chain Finance Systems -SystemanalytikerarbejdeFor an experienced Business Controller with experience from Production Controlling, and who has driven an ERP implementation and with good experience working with SAP, we are offering a challenging position. If you do not already have people managementCARLSBERG BREWERIES A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenFull-stack developer (Node.js + AngularJS) -SystemanalytikerarbejdeAt actimo we\\'re creating a SaaS platform for mobile conversations, enabling companies and organisations to have end-to-end conversations with thousands of customers and employees on smartphones with no installs necessary. We\\'ve had a lot of success,ACTIMO ApS - 2016-04-19 - HovedstadenIT infrastructure Quality Specialist for NNIT QA -SoftwareudviklingWould you like to work in a company where delivering the right quality is key to providing IT solutions and services? Join a fast-growing IT company and become a part of the NNIT success. NNIT’s vision is to be recognised as Denmark\\'s preferred ITNNIT A/S - 2016-04-22 - HovedstadenKøkkenassistent til økologisk madordning -Køkkenassistent til økologisk madordning i Røglebakkens børnehave og vuggestue 30-37 timer ugentligt. Fra 28. juli 2014 - 31. juli 2016 med mulighed for forlængelse. Vi søger en engageret køkkenassistent der: • Brænder for at lave økologiskRØGLEBAKKEN (børnehave og vuggestue) - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenKontorassistent-deltid -Køie Elteknik & Automation søger en dynamisk struktureret kontorassistent, som kan være en del af vores innovative virksomhed. Da vores virksomhed vækster og har et stigende behov for at servicere vores kunder søger vi en ansvarsbevidst kontorassistent, som har lystKØIE ELTEKNIK OG AUTOMATION ApS - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenMedical Specialist -Alment lægearbejde- Medical Doctor - Denmark - Søborg We are looking for an experienced Medical Doctor with passion for diabetes, clinical trials and making an impact on patients’ lives at an aggregated level. Join us and you will work with highly engaged colleagues,Novo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenNewly graduated structural engineer -Ingeniørarbejde i industri og produktionDo you want to work in a young and dynamic team, where you get a unique opportunity to learn and build upon the knowledge you have gained in your recently finished studies? Does working with engineering consultancy in the oil & gas and wind industryRAMBØLL DANMARK A/S - 2016-09-10 - HovedstadenPostdoc in Enzyme Design and Engineering -Undervisning og forskning på universiteter og højere læreranstalterThe Center for Bioprocess Engineering, Department of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering, has a position open within the field of enzyme engineering. We are looking for a candidate with a strong academicDanmarks Tekniske Universitet - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenPostDoc in Railway Robustness -Undervisning og forskning på universiteter og højere læreranstalterA 1-year PostDoc position in Operations Research is vacant at DTU Management Engineering. The PostDoc project is financed by the Danish Council for Strategic Research as part of the RobustRailS project.Danmarks Tekniske Universitet - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenPrinciple Scientist – Haemophilia Research Bioanalysis -Undervisning og forskning på universiteter og højere læreranstalter- Research Scientist - Denmark - Måløv Are you interested in working in an international and challenging research environment, where we are actively working on identifying the next generationNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenRegulatory Senior Associates -Arbejde inden for samfundsøkonomi- Administrative - Denmark - Søborg Our growth is your opportunity Being part of Novo Nordisk Research & Development means working at one of the world\\'s largest and most successful biopharmaceutical companies. Our R&D organisation is vitalNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenRustfrie Svejsere søges til rejsearbejde. -Svejsearbejde og skærebrændingS.P.A. Industries søger svejsere til det rustfrie område. Du skal have følgende certifikater. 141 Rustfri. Godstykkelse 2-4 mm. Rør diameter 22,3 til 42,6 mm Svjese position H-L045. Samt Certifikat. 141 Rustfri. GodstykkelseSPA-INDUSTRIES.DK ApS - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenSales Controller -Revisions- og regnskabscontrollerarbejde3Shape’s business is constantly growing and becoming more and more complex. To support this development we seek a new Sales Controller who will primarily be responsible for the controlling of group sales activities. You will be situated at headquarters3SHAPE A/S - 2016-05-30 - HovedstadenSales & Operations Planning Partner for DAPI -Andet arbejde inden for forretningsservice- Logistics - Denmark - Bagsværd Would you like to be part of Novo Nordisk and help us maintain the position as the world leader in diabetes care by making a difference within the supply chain? Join us and become Sales & Operations PlanningNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenSenior Analytical Scientist -Farmaceutarbejde- Research Scientist - Denmark - Måløv Our growth is your opportunity Being part of Novo Nordisk Research & Development means working at one of the world\\'s largest and most successful biopharmaceutical companies. Our R&D organisationNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenSenior Product Manager, Analytics -SystemanalytikerarbejdeSenior Product Manager – Analytics, ML, & BI Would you welcome the chance to be an integral part of a disruption in contextual and experience marketing analytics? Utilising the power of our Experience database, Sitecore’s Experience Platform hasSITECORE CORPORATION A/S - 2016-07-15 - HovedstadenSoftware Developer C# for Oticon -SystemanalytikerarbejdeWould you like to work with the most advanced technologies? Are you ready to join an agile team with a large degree of knowledge sharing? And do you want to make the lives of millions of people worldwide better? Then you should join us and check out thisOTICON A/S - 2016-07-28 - HovedstadenSr. Project Manager – DFP Standardisation & Optimisation -Arbejde inden for samfundsøkonomi- Production - Denmark - Bagsværd We are looking for a Senior Project Manager in Diabetes Finished Products Standardisation & Optimisation (DFP S&O), a unit in Novo Nordisk responsible for Process Optimization, Lean and Training across ourNovo Nordisk A/S - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenStudent Assistant-MED000588 -Danaher Company Description We save lives for a living The difference between life and death can be just a few minutes. Radiometer’s diagnostic equipment is of crucial importance to doctors all over the world in their effort to diagnose critically ill patients quickly and accurately. From biotech andRADIOMETER MEDICAL ApS - 2016-02-11 - HovedstadenUsability Engineer, MedTech R&D-RAD000904 -Andet ingeniørarbejde (undtagen elektroteknologi)Danaher Company Description Description Testing and documentation – Communication skills – Holistic thinking Radiometer Medical is a medical device company, and both usability and UX are importantRADIOMETER MEDICAL ApS - 2016-02-11 - Hovedstaden48784 jobtilbudSøgning efter jobHvad?HvorVælg regionunspecified (30017)Hovedstaden (7720)Syddanmark (4895)Midtjylland (4739)Nordjylland (803)DANMARK (608)ArbejdsgiverNovo Nordisk A/S (2634)Siemens A/S (1968)Danmarks Tekniske Universitet (1894)LEGO SYSTEM A/S (1237)DANFOSS A/S (1082)GRUNDFOS HOLDING A/S (937)Vestas Wind System A/S (652)Vestas Wind Systems A/S (604)Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy A/S (574)Siemens Wind Power A/S (559)NOVOZYMES A/S (326)NORDEA BANK DANMARK A/S (323)OTICON A/S (291)Worksome ApS (283)DONG ENERGY A/S (282)A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S (Maersk Drilling) (273)MÆRSK OLIE OG GAS A/S (254)LEO PHARMA A/S (254)MICROSOFT DANMARK APS (234)DONG Energy Sales & Distribution A/S Gentofte (233)FLSMIDTH & CO. A/S (223)Ørsted Vind A/S (222)Lidl Danmark (218)SCANPEOPLE ApS (216)Ørsted A/S (215)RELATIONMEDIA A/S (211)ARLA FOODS AMBA (199)MAERSK LINE A/S (194)NORDEA FINANS DANMARK A/S (187)Stillingsbetegnelseunspecified (4922)Rengøringsassistent (126)Butiksassistent (115)Kok (96)Souschef (76)Butiksmedhjælper - ungarbejder (76)Tjener (73)Project Manager (72)1. assistent (53)Senior Project Manager (50)Scanpeople is looking for Industrial Field Service Engineers on behalf of Alfa Laval Nordic (49)Business Analyst (48)Business Controller (46)Frisør (42)Software Developer (40)Tømrer (37)Rengøringsassistent søges (36)Social- og sundhedsassistent (35)Chauffør (34)Merchandiser hos RelationMedia – Ferieafløser til Würth (34)Køkkenmedhjælper (33)Handicaphjælper (32)Software Engineer (31)Butikschef (30)Pædagog (29)QA Professional (28)Servicemedarbejder (27)Technical Project Manager (26)Product Manager (26)Chauffør søges (26)© wypr.dk | Design by TEMPLATED."
