"Prof Staff Nurse Casual (ED - Community General) in Harrisburg, PA - UPMCCOVID-19 PrecautionsAt UPMC, we are committed to keeping our community safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds. As our team continues to provide Life Changing Medicine to our patients, our recruiters will continue to fill positions throughout this time. Interviews and other processes may be modified to protect the safety of our candidates and employees. Thank you for your patience.For more information about UPMC's response to COVID-19, please visit upmc.com/coronavirus.Career PathwaysNursing Allied Health Professionals Physicians Advanced Practice Providers Professional & Admin Service Workers StudentsConnect With UsWorking HereCommunityMy AccountSearch Our JobsSearchFor the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyProf Staff Nurse Casual (ED - Community General)Job ID: 459252854Status: CasualRegular/Temporary: LimitedHours:Shift: VariableFacility: UPMC Pinnacle HospitalsDepartment: Emergency Room-CGHLocation: 4300 Londonderry Road, Harrisburg PA 17109Union Position: NoSalary Range: $0 / hourDescriptionUPMC is hiring a casual (per diem) Professional Staff Nurse to support our Emergency Department, UPMC Community General location.The Professional Staff Nurse is a Registered Nurse and a member of the care delivery team. The Professional Staff Nurse is responsible to set the standards for the level and quality of care. The Professional Staff Nurse has responsibility, authority and accountability for the provision of nursing care. The Professional Staff Nurse manages and provides patient care activities for a group of patients and their families through the application of independent judgment, communication and collaboration with all team members. The role of the Professional Staff Nurse encompasses leadership, partnership, collaboration and supervision. The Professional Staff Nurse establishes and maintains collaborative relationships with physicians, other health care providers, patients and their families, to achieve desired patient outcomes throughout the continuum of care. The Professional Staff Nurse demonstrates a commitment to the community and to the nursing profession.Responsibilities:Demonstrates knowledge of adult learning principles (and/or teaching children if applicable) and applies in teaching of patients, families, students and new staff. Provides detailed and appropriate teaching to patients and families to effectively guide them through the episode of care as well as transition to another level of care and/or home. Supports the development of students, new staff and colleagues, may serve as a preceptor. Creates an environment of open dialogue, inquiry and continuous development by asking for feedback and improving practice.Demonstrates accountability for professional development that improves the quality of professional practice and the quality of patient care. Actively participates in unit-based shared governance, goal setting and supports the change and transition process to improve quality of care and the practice environment. Serves as a highly engaged and full partner on the care team and responds willingly to care team member needs for assistance and partnership. Participates in work that improves patient care and the professional practice environment. Adapts to change and demonstrates flexibility with the change process.Develops and maintains productive working relationships internally and externally by demonstrating accountability for actions, enthusiasm, motivation and commitment to patients and colleagues. Demonstrates an understanding of cultural differences and holds peers accountable for healthy relationships. Maintains a conscious balance between work and personal life. Models safe work hours, time management and healthy lifestyle. Communicates with peers and management any safety hazards identified in the workplace.Applies the nursing process within the framework of Relationship Based Care to create a healing environment. Formulates daily goals and a plan of care for patients that involves the patient as partner and considers the individual needs of the patient in a holistic manner. Demonstrates critical thinking in the identification of clinical, social, safety, psychological and spiritual issues for the patient care within an episode of care. Practices solid communication skills, and is able to articulate and translate the patient's condition to other care providers and to negotiate and make recommendations for changes in patient care and unit practices. Patient documentation is comprehensive and promotes communication between caregivers. Incorporates national professional organization as well as business unit and health system's goals to improve patient safety, quality and satisfaction. Creates a caring and compassionate patient focused experience by building healing relationships with patients, families and colleagues.Actively participates in department or unit-specific quality improvement efforts. Identifies opportunity for quality improvement to colleagues and management. Takes personal responsibility in improving patient satisfaction with the quality of care and service. Utilizes research and evidence-based practice to support improvement in clinical care: identifies research issues or articles related to clinical specialty or areas of interest, discusses opportunities for quality improvement at multidisciplinary rounds, and influences patients' plans of care.QualificationsThe individual must be able to demonstrate the knowledge and skills necessary to provide care and/or interact appropriately to the ages of the patients served by his/her assigned unit as specified below.They must also demonstrate knowledge of the principles of growth and development over the life span and possess the ability to assess data reflective of the patients status and interpret the appropriate information needed to identify each patients requirements relative to his/her age-specific needs and to provide the care needs as described in the department policy and procedures.Minimum 1 year experience. BSN preferred.Ability to establish and maintain positive, caring relationships with executives, managers, physicians, non-physician providers, ancillary and support staff, other departments, and patients/families.Ability to work productively and effectively within a complex environment, handle multiple/changing priorities and specialized equipment. Good clinical judgment with critical thinking, analytical and problem solving abilities required as related to various aspects of patient care.Critical thinking skills necessary to exercise and to lead others in application of the nursing process.Mobility and visual manual dexterity. Physical stamina for frequent walking, standing, lifting and positioning of patients.Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:UPMC approved national certification preferred. Current Pennsylvania licensure as a Registered Professional Nurse. CPR required based on AHA standards that include both a didactic and skills demonstration component within 30 days of hireClearances must be dated within 90 daysBLS, ACLS & PALS must be acquired within 12 monthsAdvanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) OR Basic Life Support (BLS) OR Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)Basic Life Support (BLS) OR Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR)Registered Nurse (RN)Act 33 with renewalAct 34 with renewalAct 73 FBI Clearance with renewalUPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/VeteranTotal RewardsMore than just competitive pay and benefits, UPMC’s Total Rewards package cares for you in all areas of life &emdash; because we believe that you’re at your best when receiving the support you need: professional, personal, financial, and more.Our ValuesAt UPMC, we’re driven by shared values that guide our work and keep us accountable to one another. Our Values of Quality & Safety, Dignity & Respect, Caring & Listening, Responsibility & Integrity, Excellence & Innovation play a vital role in creating a cohesive, positive experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. Ready to join us? Apply today.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyFollow UsCareersMy Account (External Candidates)Search JobsUPMC Careers Blogupmc.comUPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer | Contact us for Disability Accommodations | E-Verify | FAQsTalent NetworkJoin our Talent Network"
