"Support Employee - Online Payment PlatformFeaturesAboutDevelopersBlogSupportContactLOGINJob opening: Support EmployeeDo you have good communicative skills? are you a fast worker who is customer-oriented? Are you ambitious and looking for a strong team at a fast-growing and innovative company where you can contribute to a more secure society?Become full-time Support Representative at Online Payment Platform!Who are we?Online Payment Platform is a fast-growing Fintech scale-up that solely focuses on online marketplaces and platforms. We were founded in 2012 with our head office in Delft, meanwhile we also established an office in Antwerp (Belgium) and Berlin (Germany) and more will follow soon.We are an innovative company consisting of broadly 30 close colleagues. In the past yeras, Online Payment Platform has proven to be an important player in the online payment world. Besides large customers such as ANWB, PayPal, Universities and Kamernet, we also count Marktplaats to our customer database and we already facilitate a growing group of approximately 150+ marketplaces and platforms all over Europe.In fact, we know for sure that you had to deal with Online Payment Platform yourself as well! Have you ever heard of ‘Gelijk Oversteken/ Equal crossing’?Online Payment Platform enables payment processes on platforms, not only business to business (B2B), but also business to consumer (B2C) and the first to offer consumer to consumer (C2C) payments. Meanwhile, we do this for millions of sellers!We strive to make the world of online payments easier and more secure, on a place where we believe in: platforms and marketplaces. In the Netherlands, this mission has taken on a well-defined shape and our goal is to realise this mission all over Europe in the upcoming years! Will you support us with this mission in this fantastic adventure?Who are we looking for?We are looking for an ambitious full-time Support representative, capable of settling 100 to 150 support tickets or phone calls every day. For example, support tickets originating from transactions initiated on Marktplaats. You will partly work independently, but we expect you to look for the necessary collaboration with technical colleagues, for example when you determine trends that you would like to discuss. To do this right, having affinity in the (online) payment environment is a plus.As a support representative, you are very customer friendly with good communicative skills. Besides excellent Dutch speaking and writing skills, it is also a must that your English speaking and writing skills are excellent due to our international character. German or French are a plus Because we are a very close team, we expect you to be a real team player and you help and support your colleagues where needed. Furthermore, we hope that you are ambitious, because in the future you might be able to expand, optimize or control support-tasks such as web care or Chatbot in the future.We are looking for someone with at least HBO work and thinking capability (higher professional education).What do we offer?If you will start working at Online Payment Platform, we guarantee you that you will end up in a very fun, vibrant and close tech-geeks-team where we are critical to each other but most importantly not hesitate to give compliments. Successes are celebrated and from our mistakes, we learn. You will collaborate on a service and product that facilitates secure online payments for millions of people on large and international platforms.Since we are an innovative company, we are highly curious for your ideas and creative applications. If you have the ambition to grow, we provide you with the opportunity to do so.Furthermore, we offer:Market-conform salary;Permanent contract (with 2 months probation period);Profit distribution;Daily lunch (lunch time is at our expense);Fitness room;Cosy get-togethers;Fun (international) trips;Flexible working hours;Options to work partially from home;Travel allowanceFor the record, we have a fun company video which you could watch to demonstrate where exactly you could start working!Enthusiastic?Are you enthusiastic and do you think the role of support representative is perfect for you? Then we would like to get to know you! Send your motivation and resume to Danielle Ruijs at danielle@onlinepaymentplatform.com.Are you looking for something else? Click here to have a look at the other job opportunities we offer or watch our fun company video.Acquisition, in any form whatsoever, is not appreciated.Work at | SupportFEATURESServiceSafetyControlResponsible disclosureONLINE PAYMENT PLATFORMAbout usWork atSupportBlogContactRESOURCESPSD2 WhitepaperPSD2 Decision treeP2B RegulationDeveloper APIRECENT POSTSThe 'Amazons' of tomorrow are emerging nowHow do you effectively fight phishing on your marketplace or platform?Online Payment Platform is nominated for the Technology Fast 50 2020!SECURITYPRIVACYONLINE PAYMENTS FOUNDATIONLoading...Online Payment Platform×Online Payment Platform×Download whitepaper×××"
