"Jobs | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit NowFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.	26 jobs found	Email me jobs like this	Refine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchdeputy county executiveDeputy County Counsel I/II/III/IVMerced County, CA Merced, CA, United StatesExamples of Duties Please Note: A list will be established to fill vacancies throughout the County Counsel Department. Incumbents assigned to the current vacancy will oversee the Juvenile Dependency assignment. Duties may include, but are not limited to the following: Serves as legal counsel and attends meetings of boards and commissions. May act as legal advisor for County offices on involved matters. Prepares formal legislative measures, ordinances, resolutions, deeds, contracts, leases, and other legal instruments. Prosecutes legal action on behalf of, and defends actions against, the County and its subdivisions before courts of origin, appellate courts, and various administrative bodies. Confers with and advise officers of County departments and representatives of special districts on questions pertaining to their respective powers, duties, functions, and obligations. May provide lead direction and act as a legal resource to other professional staff. Assists the County Counsel, Assistant County Counsel, and Chief Deputy County Counsel as needed. Minimum Qualifications Experience: Level I None Level II One (1) year of experience in the practice of civil or criminal law. Level III Two (2) years of increasingly responsible experience in the practice of civil law. Level IV One (1) year of experience as a Deputy County Counsel III with Merced County. OR Four (4) years of experience in the practice of civil law. License: Active membership in the State Bar of California. Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Communicate effectively with others in person and over the telephone. Analyze data, interpret policies, procedures and regulations; develop appropriate conclusions. Meet deadlines under stressful conditions; complete multiple projects with conflicting deadlines. Resolve conflicts and respond appropriately to complaints. Maintain confidential information according to legal standards and/or County regulations. Establish, implement and achieve goals and objectives. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Frequent use of hand-eye coordination; normal dexterity, frequent holding and grasping. Frequent use of data entry device including repetitive hand and arm motion. Occasionally lift and carry up to 40 pounds. Regular attendance is an essential function. Knowledge of: The Government Code and other California statutes, and their application to governmental subdivisions. The principle of civil, constitutional, and administrative laws. Legal research methods. Principle of staff training and project coordination. Ability to: Perform difficult legal research. Analyze and apply legal principles and precedents to specific local government problems. Develop legal issues and present clear and logical arguments and statements of fact and law. Draft ordinances, contracts, and legal instruments. Train subordinate staff. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES MANAGEMENT LEAVE May receive, depending upon classification, 96 hours per Fiscal Year (prorated for the time remaining in the fiscal year). VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). Optional annual sell back of a portion of accumulated vacation leave hours (maximum - 40 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled consecutive work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE Management Disability Plan includes a comprehensive Short/Long Term Disability plan paid for by the County. LIFE INSURANCE $50,000 County-paid Management Life Insurance coverage. $5,000 County-paid Life Insurance coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Please describe your work experience in juvenile dependency law. 02 Please describe your experience, if any, in Public sector or government representation. 03 What specific knowledge, skills or abilities do you possess that you feel make you qualified for the Deputy County Counsel position? Required QuestionJan 16, 2021Full TimeExamples of Duties Please Note: A list will be established to fill vacancies throughout the County Counsel Department. Incumbents assigned to the current vacancy will oversee the Juvenile Dependency assignment. Duties may include, but are not limited to the following: Serves as legal counsel and attends meetings of boards and commissions. May act as legal advisor for County offices on involved matters. Prepares formal legislative measures, ordinances, resolutions, deeds, contracts, leases, and other legal instruments. Prosecutes legal action on behalf of, and defends actions against, the County and its subdivisions before courts of origin, appellate courts, and various administrative bodies. Confers with and advise officers of County departments and representatives of special districts on questions pertaining to their respective powers, duties, functions, and obligations. May provide lead direction and act as a legal resource to other professional staff. Assists the County Counsel, Assistant County Counsel, and Chief Deputy County Counsel as needed. Minimum Qualifications Experience: Level I None Level II One (1) year of experience in the practice of civil or criminal law. Level III Two (2) years of increasingly responsible experience in the practice of civil law. Level IV One (1) year of experience as a Deputy County Counsel III with Merced County. OR Four (4) years of experience in the practice of civil law. License: Active membership in the State Bar of California. Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Communicate effectively with others in person and over the telephone. Analyze data, interpret policies, procedures and regulations; develop appropriate conclusions. Meet deadlines under stressful conditions; complete multiple projects with conflicting deadlines. Resolve conflicts and respond appropriately to complaints. Maintain confidential information according to legal standards and/or County regulations. Establish, implement and achieve goals and objectives. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Frequent use of hand-eye coordination; normal dexterity, frequent holding and grasping. Frequent use of data entry device including repetitive hand and arm motion. Occasionally lift and carry up to 40 pounds. Regular attendance is an essential function. Knowledge of: The Government Code and other California statutes, and their application to governmental subdivisions. The principle of civil, constitutional, and administrative laws. Legal research methods. Principle of staff training and project coordination. Ability to: Perform difficult legal research. Analyze and apply legal principles and precedents to specific local government problems. Develop legal issues and present clear and logical arguments and statements of fact and law. Draft ordinances, contracts, and legal instruments. Train subordinate staff. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES MANAGEMENT LEAVE May receive, depending upon classification, 96 hours per Fiscal Year (prorated for the time remaining in the fiscal year). VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). Optional annual sell back of a portion of accumulated vacation leave hours (maximum - 40 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled consecutive work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE Management Disability Plan includes a comprehensive Short/Long Term Disability plan paid for by the County. LIFE INSURANCE $50,000 County-paid Management Life Insurance coverage. $5,000 County-paid Life Insurance coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Please describe your work experience in juvenile dependency law. 02 Please describe your experience, if any, in Public sector or government representation. 03 What specific knowledge, skills or abilities do you possess that you feel make you qualified for the Deputy County Counsel position? Required QuestionDeputy Chief Executive OfficerCounty of Mendocino, CA Ukiah, California, United StatesThe Position The current vacancy is in Ukiah. At-will; exempt from Civil Service. Recruitments posted as \"Continuous\" are subject to close at any time (sometimes without warning) after an initial two-week posting period. Upon closing, the applications received will be screened (generally within 48 hours) and notices will be sent to the applicants regarding the status of their application. Once a continuous recruitment closes it will often be posted again immediately. You will not be notified by HR regarding the status of your application until the recruitment you applied under closes. Responsible for assisting the Chief Executive Officer and Assistant Chief Executive Officer in developing and/or implementing special studies, resolutions, ordinances, reports and/or County programs; conducting research and making recommendations for special projects; assisting in policy development; and conducting contract negotiations for various department services. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Full TimeThe Position The current vacancy is in Ukiah. At-will; exempt from Civil Service. Recruitments posted as \"Continuous\" are subject to close at any time (sometimes without warning) after an initial two-week posting period. Upon closing, the applications received will be screened (generally within 48 hours) and notices will be sent to the applicants regarding the status of their application. Once a continuous recruitment closes it will often be posted again immediately. You will not be notified by HR regarding the status of your application until the recruitment you applied under closes. Responsible for assisting the Chief Executive Officer and Assistant Chief Executive Officer in developing and/or implementing special studies, resolutions, ordinances, reports and/or County programs; conducting research and making recommendations for special projects; assisting in policy development; and conducting contract negotiations for various department services. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDeputy County LibrarianSANTA CLARA COUNTY, CA San Jose, California, United StatesUnder general direction of the County Librarian, plans, organizes, directs and coordinates the programs and services of the County Library System; acts as department head in the absence of the County Librarian. Click here to learn more about this position. FILING PERIOD and APPLICATION PROCEDURE Filing Deadline: February 7, 2021 The recruitment may be extended or closed as early as 10 days after issue date, therefore, it is critical to submit your application as soon as possible. This recruitment requires the submission of an online application. No paper applications will be accepted . Applicants who are viewing this job announcement outside of our Santa Clara County website must go to www.sccjobs.org to apply. It is important that the following information be included in your application as it will be evaluated during the competitive review step of the recruitment process: 1. Completed job application; 2. Résumé 3. Contact information for a minimum of three references 4. Detailed letter of interest explaining why you are the ideal candidate, including specific examples from your experience. No more than 3 pages. 5. Responses to Supplemental Questions. Questions regarding this Executive recruitment may be directed to Alan Reed , Executive Services at (408) 299-5851 . Typical Tasks Typical Management Responsibilities: Consults with the County Librarian in the formulation of administrative policy and assumes responsibility for implementation; Plans, organizes, directs, and coordinates the operations of the library system through subordinate supervisory personnel; Plans, develops, and evaluates the needs and methods of service delivery of County Library programs; analyzes staffing requirements; implements improvements and action plans; Participates in personnel management in the areas of labor relations, recruitment, hiring, goal setting, evaluation, orientation, training, team building and mentoring; Facilitates the development of the management team; Reviews and recommends departmental budget requests for inclusion in Library budget; monitors budget reports and authorizes budget modifications; Assists Community Library Supervisor, local communities, and library commissions in assessing building and program needs; Represents the County Librarian at community, professional, governmental, and other meetings; Acts in the absence of the County Librarian; Performs other related work as required. Employment Standards Considerable education and managerial/administrative experience in a library system, which demonstrates possession and application of the following knowledge and abilities. Possession of a valid California Driver's License Typically the required knowledge and abilities are acquired through attainment of a Master's degree in Library Science from an accredited university and at least five years of recent progressively responsible supervisory and administrative experience in a community library system; at least three of which must include participation in program and policy determination either on a system wide basis or as the librarian in charge of a community library. Knowledge of: Library administration and organization; Principles and practices of planning, organization and management techniques as applied to a modern public library system; Principles of personnel, fiscal administration, supervision, and staff development; Planning, organizing, supervising and evaluating intra-system library programs and policies and their relationship with community needs; Principles and practices of librarianship including collection development, circulation, reference and reader advisory services. Ability to: Plan, organize and direct comprehensive programs for providing library services; Effectively supervise and train professional and non-professional personnel; Analyze budgetary and staffing requirements and make recommendations; Organize, analyze, and supervise comprehensive intra-system library programs and policies and recommend specific plans for modifying or extending library services; Communicate effectively both in writing and verbally with individuals and groups; Develop and maintain good relations with the public, library staff and community and government organizations. Closing Date/Time: 2/7/2021 11:59 PM PacificJan 16, 2021Full TimeUnder general direction of the County Librarian, plans, organizes, directs and coordinates the programs and services of the County Library System; acts as department head in the absence of the County Librarian. Click here to learn more about this position. FILING PERIOD and APPLICATION PROCEDURE Filing Deadline: February 7, 2021 The recruitment may be extended or closed as early as 10 days after issue date, therefore, it is critical to submit your application as soon as possible. This recruitment requires the submission of an online application. No paper applications will be accepted . Applicants who are viewing this job announcement outside of our Santa Clara County website must go to www.sccjobs.org to apply. It is important that the following information be included in your application as it will be evaluated during the competitive review step of the recruitment process: 1. Completed job application; 2. Résumé 3. Contact information for a minimum of three references 4. Detailed letter of interest explaining why you are the ideal candidate, including specific examples from your experience. No more than 3 pages. 5. Responses to Supplemental Questions. Questions regarding this Executive recruitment may be directed to Alan Reed , Executive Services at (408) 299-5851 . Typical Tasks Typical Management Responsibilities: Consults with the County Librarian in the formulation of administrative policy and assumes responsibility for implementation; Plans, organizes, directs, and coordinates the operations of the library system through subordinate supervisory personnel; Plans, develops, and evaluates the needs and methods of service delivery of County Library programs; analyzes staffing requirements; implements improvements and action plans; Participates in personnel management in the areas of labor relations, recruitment, hiring, goal setting, evaluation, orientation, training, team building and mentoring; Facilitates the development of the management team; Reviews and recommends departmental budget requests for inclusion in Library budget; monitors budget reports and authorizes budget modifications; Assists Community Library Supervisor, local communities, and library commissions in assessing building and program needs; Represents the County Librarian at community, professional, governmental, and other meetings; Acts in the absence of the County Librarian; Performs other related work as required. Employment Standards Considerable education and managerial/administrative experience in a library system, which demonstrates possession and application of the following knowledge and abilities. Possession of a valid California Driver's License Typically the required knowledge and abilities are acquired through attainment of a Master's degree in Library Science from an accredited university and at least five years of recent progressively responsible supervisory and administrative experience in a community library system; at least three of which must include participation in program and policy determination either on a system wide basis or as the librarian in charge of a community library. Knowledge of: Library administration and organization; Principles and practices of planning, organization and management techniques as applied to a modern public library system; Principles of personnel, fiscal administration, supervision, and staff development; Planning, organizing, supervising and evaluating intra-system library programs and policies and their relationship with community needs; Principles and practices of librarianship including collection development, circulation, reference and reader advisory services. Ability to: Plan, organize and direct comprehensive programs for providing library services; Effectively supervise and train professional and non-professional personnel; Analyze budgetary and staffing requirements and make recommendations; Organize, analyze, and supervise comprehensive intra-system library programs and policies and recommend specific plans for modifying or extending library services; Communicate effectively both in writing and verbally with individuals and groups; Develop and maintain good relations with the public, library staff and community and government organizations. Closing Date/Time: 2/7/2021 11:59 PM PacificChief Deputy Board ClerkMerced County, CA Merced, CA, United StatesExamples of Duties Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Plans, organizes, supervises and reviews the work of subordinates engaged in recording proceedings of Board of Supervisor's meetings, preparing minutes and public notices of meetings and actions, processing approved items for recording, distribution and filing, maintaining files and records of Board actions, providing secretarial services to appeal boards. Directs staff in review of documents to be placed on Board agenda, checking for proper wording, identifying types of actions required such as minute orders, resolutions or ordinances. May review contracts, fiscal information and action items submitted for Board of Supervisors' agendas to ensure the necessary information is complete and accurate. Promote an effective working relationship with departments and act as a liaison, making recommendations on agenda items and providing guidance and training on board agenda workflow and process. Classifies by category the business to be transacted and determines proper placement on the agenda. Works with the Board of Supervisors on processing applications and appointments to Boards, Committees and Commissions. Facilitates Conflict of Interest Code and act as filing officer for Statements of Economic Interest filings for the Board of Supervisors and designated staff. Serves as Filing Officer/Filing Official in accordance with Fair Political Practices Commission regulations. Creates and administers departmental budget, responsible for monitoring expenditures and making necessary adjustments. Research and respond to the most sensitive and complex complaints. Represents the Department with the public, community organizations and other government agencies. Reviews and analyzes existing and pending legislation for impacts to the County. Directs and leads the Official Records Program including policy retention, scanning, indexing and maintenance of the electronic document management system. Conducts research and advises Board members on procedural matters, office functions and status of items. Selects, trains, supervises and evaluates the workload and functions of Board staff. Provides direction and works with property owners and legal representatives regarding applications and preparations for assessment appeals hearings. Oversees the receipt and maintenance of information regarding claims for damages and summons against the County. Insures proper preparation and publication of legal notices, notifying the public of impending actions and those taken by the Board. Minimum Qualifications Experience: Five (5) years of increasingly responsible analytical or administrative support experience, involving frequent public contact, including at least three (3) years of experience in a position working directly with contracts, legal forms, or agenda process of a major board or commission. Education: Equivalent to graduation from a four (4) year college or university in public or business administration, political science, or related field. (A Master's Degree in Public or Business Administration may be substituted for two (2) years of the required experience or additional directly related experience may be substituted for the education on a year-for-year basis.) Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Operate a personal computer and other office equipment. Communicate effectively with others in person and over the telephone. Analyze data, interpret policies, procedures and regulations, develop appropriate conclusions. Meet deadlines under stressful conditions. Resolve conflicts and respond appropriately to complaints. Complete multiple priority projects with conflicting deadlines. Establish, implement and achieve goals and objectives. Proofreading and editing; establish and maintain filing systems. Train, evaluate and supervise staff. Maintain confidential information according to legal standards and/or County regulations. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Occasionally kneel, bend, twist, squat, balance and crawl; occasionally lift and carry up to 40 pounds. Frequent use of hand-eye coordination; normal dexterity, frequent holding and grasping. Frequent use of data entry device including repetitive hand and arm motion. Regular attendance is an essential function. Knowledge of: Functions and operating procedures of the County Board of Supervisors. Organization of County government and the functions of County departments. Legal terminology and common forms and documents used in Board processing. Filling, indexing, and cross-referencing methods; modern office methods, practices and procedures. Budget preparation and expenditure control. Principles of management, supervision, training, and work evaluation. Ability to: Plan, organize, supervise, direct, and coordinate the work of staff assigned. Perform a variety of complex support and administrative assistance assignments related to the Board of Supervisor's functions. Prepare budget requests, control expenditures and clear, concise, accurate records and reports. Interpret and apply a wide variety of laws, rules and policies. Independently prepare and compose complex correspondence. Deal tactfully and courteously with County staff, representatives of outside agencies, the press, and the general public when answering questions and inquiries and disseminating information about the Board of Supervisors functions, business, and actions Establish and maintain cooperative working relationships. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES MANAGEMENT LEAVE May receive, depending upon classification, 96 hours per Fiscal Year (prorated for the time remaining in the fiscal year). VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). Optional annual sell back of a portion of accumulated vacation leave hours (maximum - 40 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled consecutive work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE Management Disability Plan includes a comprehensive Short/Long Term Disability plan paid for by the County. LIFE INSURANCE $50,000 County-paid Management Life Insurance coverage. $5,000 County-paid Life Insurance coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Describe your experience in creating, implementing, and managing a budget. Please include the size of the budget and your specific responsibility throughout the process. 02 Detail your experience preparing and writing agenda items. 03 Outline your supervisory experience, including the duration of supervision and the number of people supervised. Required QuestionJan 16, 2021Full TimeExamples of Duties Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Plans, organizes, supervises and reviews the work of subordinates engaged in recording proceedings of Board of Supervisor's meetings, preparing minutes and public notices of meetings and actions, processing approved items for recording, distribution and filing, maintaining files and records of Board actions, providing secretarial services to appeal boards. Directs staff in review of documents to be placed on Board agenda, checking for proper wording, identifying types of actions required such as minute orders, resolutions or ordinances. May review contracts, fiscal information and action items submitted for Board of Supervisors' agendas to ensure the necessary information is complete and accurate. Promote an effective working relationship with departments and act as a liaison, making recommendations on agenda items and providing guidance and training on board agenda workflow and process. Classifies by category the business to be transacted and determines proper placement on the agenda. Works with the Board of Supervisors on processing applications and appointments to Boards, Committees and Commissions. Facilitates Conflict of Interest Code and act as filing officer for Statements of Economic Interest filings for the Board of Supervisors and designated staff. Serves as Filing Officer/Filing Official in accordance with Fair Political Practices Commission regulations. Creates and administers departmental budget, responsible for monitoring expenditures and making necessary adjustments. Research and respond to the most sensitive and complex complaints. Represents the Department with the public, community organizations and other government agencies. Reviews and analyzes existing and pending legislation for impacts to the County. Directs and leads the Official Records Program including policy retention, scanning, indexing and maintenance of the electronic document management system. Conducts research and advises Board members on procedural matters, office functions and status of items. Selects, trains, supervises and evaluates the workload and functions of Board staff. Provides direction and works with property owners and legal representatives regarding applications and preparations for assessment appeals hearings. Oversees the receipt and maintenance of information regarding claims for damages and summons against the County. Insures proper preparation and publication of legal notices, notifying the public of impending actions and those taken by the Board. Minimum Qualifications Experience: Five (5) years of increasingly responsible analytical or administrative support experience, involving frequent public contact, including at least three (3) years of experience in a position working directly with contracts, legal forms, or agenda process of a major board or commission. Education: Equivalent to graduation from a four (4) year college or university in public or business administration, political science, or related field. (A Master's Degree in Public or Business Administration may be substituted for two (2) years of the required experience or additional directly related experience may be substituted for the education on a year-for-year basis.) Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Operate a personal computer and other office equipment. Communicate effectively with others in person and over the telephone. Analyze data, interpret policies, procedures and regulations, develop appropriate conclusions. Meet deadlines under stressful conditions. Resolve conflicts and respond appropriately to complaints. Complete multiple priority projects with conflicting deadlines. Establish, implement and achieve goals and objectives. Proofreading and editing; establish and maintain filing systems. Train, evaluate and supervise staff. Maintain confidential information according to legal standards and/or County regulations. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Occasionally kneel, bend, twist, squat, balance and crawl; occasionally lift and carry up to 40 pounds. Frequent use of hand-eye coordination; normal dexterity, frequent holding and grasping. Frequent use of data entry device including repetitive hand and arm motion. Regular attendance is an essential function. Knowledge of: Functions and operating procedures of the County Board of Supervisors. Organization of County government and the functions of County departments. Legal terminology and common forms and documents used in Board processing. Filling, indexing, and cross-referencing methods; modern office methods, practices and procedures. Budget preparation and expenditure control. Principles of management, supervision, training, and work evaluation. Ability to: Plan, organize, supervise, direct, and coordinate the work of staff assigned. Perform a variety of complex support and administrative assistance assignments related to the Board of Supervisor's functions. Prepare budget requests, control expenditures and clear, concise, accurate records and reports. Interpret and apply a wide variety of laws, rules and policies. Independently prepare and compose complex correspondence. Deal tactfully and courteously with County staff, representatives of outside agencies, the press, and the general public when answering questions and inquiries and disseminating information about the Board of Supervisors functions, business, and actions Establish and maintain cooperative working relationships. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES MANAGEMENT LEAVE May receive, depending upon classification, 96 hours per Fiscal Year (prorated for the time remaining in the fiscal year). VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). Optional annual sell back of a portion of accumulated vacation leave hours (maximum - 40 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled consecutive work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE Management Disability Plan includes a comprehensive Short/Long Term Disability plan paid for by the County. LIFE INSURANCE $50,000 County-paid Management Life Insurance coverage. $5,000 County-paid Life Insurance coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Describe your experience in creating, implementing, and managing a budget. Please include the size of the budget and your specific responsibility throughout the process. 02 Detail your experience preparing and writing agenda items. 03 Outline your supervisory experience, including the duration of supervision and the number of people supervised. Required QuestionDeputy Building OfficialMerced County, CA Merced, CA, United StatesExamples of Duties Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Manages and supervises the County wide building permit issuance for building inspections, construction, flood regulations, and repairs. Regularly reviews samplings of all types of proposed construction documents prior to issuance to assure compliance with pertinent codes, ordinances and regulations. Assists contractors, architects, engineers, and the public with problems and questions concerning construction requirements. Acts as a code consultant and makes field investigations of structural problems. Directs the building permits inspection and code enforcement functions within the Division. Conducts more plan reviews and building inspections. Develops and implements ordinances, policies and procedures related to Division's functions. Approves inspections and issues Certificates of Occupancies on County-owned buildings, including overseeing third party inspections and those performed by inspectors of record (IOR). Participate in County inter-department and multi-governmental agency task forces to resolve and coordinate more technical code enforcement issues. Minimum Qualifications Desirable Certifications: Plans Examiner and Combination Inspector certifications. Experience: One (1) year supervisory and two (2) years as a building inspector or plans examiner, or (2) years of professional experience in architectural, structural or civil engineering, general construction or related field. Licenses: Possess a valid California driver's license at time of appointment and maintain. Certification: Possess or have the ability within 1 year to obtain a Building Official certification administered by the Council International Code Council (ICC) or the equivalent certifications offered by other recognized state, national or international association acceptable to the jurisdiction. Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Sit for extended periods, frequently stand and walk Have manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination to use a variety of office equipment. Have corrected hearing and vision commensurate with duties Climb ladders or scaffolding to inspect construction on exterior of buildings, unfinished basements, roofs or other areas under construction: visually trace colored electrical wiring. Administer the Division's programs, budgets, and personnel. Practical application of advanced mathematical calculations and concepts as appropriate. Communicate effectively with others in person, with written communication and over the telephone. Resolve conflicts and respond appropriately to complaints. Complete multiple priority projects with conflicting deadlines and under stressful conditions. Maintain confidential information in accordance with legal standards and/or County regulations. Updating of professional occupation job knowledge to keep current and informed of new developments. Application of logic, scientific thinking, and techniques to develop/evaluate projects, plans, and specifications. Analyze data, interpret policies, procedures and regulations; develop appropriate conclusions. Makes presentations and represent the County with the community and other agencies. Conduct field inspections on uneven surfaces under various environmental conditions. Establish, implement and achieve goals and objectives; train, evaluate and supervise staff. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Regular attendance is an essential function. Knowledge of: State Adopted Model Codes and pertinent Federal, State and County laws pertaining to new construction, additions, alterations, repairs, and/or demolition of structures. Safety standards; philosophy of public building inspection. Accepted construction practices and building materials. Principles of engineering and architectural design and engineering mathematics. Construction documents (plans, specifications, calculations) and how to interpret and check for compliance with all regulations. Principles of supervision and training. Ability to: Read, interpret and perform analyses and computations on construction documents. Plan, direct and evaluate the building permit issuance, inspection and code enforcement functions. Supervise and direct other employees. Exercise tact and good judgment in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with contractors, developers, design professionals, the general public, and other employees. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES MANAGEMENT LEAVE May receive, depending upon classification, 96 hours per Fiscal Year (prorated for the time remaining in the fiscal year). VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). Optional annual sell back of a portion of accumulated vacation leave hours (maximum - 40 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled consecutive work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE Management Disability Plan includes a comprehensive Short/Long Term Disability plan paid for by the County. LIFE INSURANCE $50,000 County-paid Management Life Insurance coverage. $5,000 County-paid Life Insurance coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Do you possess a valid Certificate of Registration as a Structural Engineer or Civil Engineer issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers. OR Possess a valid License to Practice Architecture issued by the California State Board of Architectural Examiners? Yes No 02 Are you a Certified Building Official (administered by the Council International Code Council (ICC) or do you possess the equivalent certifications offered by other recognized state, national or international association acceptable to the jurisdiction? Yes No 03 If you do not possess the certification, do you have the ability within 1 year to obtain a Building Official certification administered by the International Code Council (ICC) or the equivalent certifications offered by other recognized state, national or international association acceptable to the jurisdiction? Yes No Required QuestionJan 16, 2021Full TimeExamples of Duties Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Manages and supervises the County wide building permit issuance for building inspections, construction, flood regulations, and repairs. Regularly reviews samplings of all types of proposed construction documents prior to issuance to assure compliance with pertinent codes, ordinances and regulations. Assists contractors, architects, engineers, and the public with problems and questions concerning construction requirements. Acts as a code consultant and makes field investigations of structural problems. Directs the building permits inspection and code enforcement functions within the Division. Conducts more plan reviews and building inspections. Develops and implements ordinances, policies and procedures related to Division's functions. Approves inspections and issues Certificates of Occupancies on County-owned buildings, including overseeing third party inspections and those performed by inspectors of record (IOR). Participate in County inter-department and multi-governmental agency task forces to resolve and coordinate more technical code enforcement issues. Minimum Qualifications Desirable Certifications: Plans Examiner and Combination Inspector certifications. Experience: One (1) year supervisory and two (2) years as a building inspector or plans examiner, or (2) years of professional experience in architectural, structural or civil engineering, general construction or related field. Licenses: Possess a valid California driver's license at time of appointment and maintain. Certification: Possess or have the ability within 1 year to obtain a Building Official certification administered by the Council International Code Council (ICC) or the equivalent certifications offered by other recognized state, national or international association acceptable to the jurisdiction. Essential Functions ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Sit for extended periods, frequently stand and walk Have manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination to use a variety of office equipment. Have corrected hearing and vision commensurate with duties Climb ladders or scaffolding to inspect construction on exterior of buildings, unfinished basements, roofs or other areas under construction: visually trace colored electrical wiring. Administer the Division's programs, budgets, and personnel. Practical application of advanced mathematical calculations and concepts as appropriate. Communicate effectively with others in person, with written communication and over the telephone. Resolve conflicts and respond appropriately to complaints. Complete multiple priority projects with conflicting deadlines and under stressful conditions. Maintain confidential information in accordance with legal standards and/or County regulations. Updating of professional occupation job knowledge to keep current and informed of new developments. Application of logic, scientific thinking, and techniques to develop/evaluate projects, plans, and specifications. Analyze data, interpret policies, procedures and regulations; develop appropriate conclusions. Makes presentations and represent the County with the community and other agencies. Conduct field inspections on uneven surfaces under various environmental conditions. Establish, implement and achieve goals and objectives; train, evaluate and supervise staff. Frequent use of depth perception, peripheral vision and color perception. Frequently lift, carry, reach, push, pull, twist and manipulate large and small objects. Regular attendance is an essential function. Knowledge of: State Adopted Model Codes and pertinent Federal, State and County laws pertaining to new construction, additions, alterations, repairs, and/or demolition of structures. Safety standards; philosophy of public building inspection. Accepted construction practices and building materials. Principles of engineering and architectural design and engineering mathematics. Construction documents (plans, specifications, calculations) and how to interpret and check for compliance with all regulations. Principles of supervision and training. Ability to: Read, interpret and perform analyses and computations on construction documents. Plan, direct and evaluate the building permit issuance, inspection and code enforcement functions. Supervise and direct other employees. Exercise tact and good judgment in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with contractors, developers, design professionals, the general public, and other employees. HOLIDAYS & LEAVES MANAGEMENT LEAVE May receive, depending upon classification, 96 hours per Fiscal Year (prorated for the time remaining in the fiscal year). VACATION 10 days the first 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 160 hours), 15 days in the second 5 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 240 hours), and 20 days after 10 years of continuous employment (limited to a maximum of 320 hours). Optional annual sell back of a portion of accumulated vacation leave hours (maximum - 40 hours). SICK LEAVE .0462 hours sick leave for each paid regularly scheduled work hour. 12 days (96 hours per year) with unlimited accumulation. Optional annual buy back of a portion of accumulated sick leave hours upon meeting certain criteria. HOLIDAYS Twelve paid holidays annually plus one optional holiday. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE Three (3) regularly scheduled consecutive work days or five (5) days if distance traveled over 500 miles one-way. INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE County paid health plan with maximum contributions; 100% for employee up to maximum of $420, 50% of dependent up to maximum of $100 for child/$220 for spouse biweekly. There are multiple health plans to choose from. County paid dental and vision plans, 100% for employee, with 50% of dependent premiums paid by the County. County sponsored employee health clinic available for zero or reduced co-pay depending on selected health plan. DISABILITY INSURANCE Management Disability Plan includes a comprehensive Short/Long Term Disability plan paid for by the County. LIFE INSURANCE $50,000 County-paid Management Life Insurance coverage. $5,000 County-paid Life Insurance coverage (Accidental Death and Dismemberment included). Voluntary Term Life and Universal Life Insurance available - premium paid by employee. RETIREMENT DEFERRED COMPENSATION The County offers a 457 Deferred Compensation Plan. Employees choose their investment funds and can make pretax contributions to the plan up to the maximum allowable. MERCED COUNTY EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION The retirement plan is a defined benefit plan administered pursuant to the County Employees Retirement Law of 1937 and other provisions of the California Government Code. MCERA members also pay into Social Security.The applicable benefit formula is dependent upon your hire date with an MCERA employer; yourpension amount will be determined by your age, years of service and final compensation amount. EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP) MHN EAP services provides up to five face-to-face counseling sessions per incident and provides a toll-free \"800\" hotline available 24/7 for emergencies and crisis intervention. EAP services include counseling services, legal services, financial services and Work-life Resource services. For more information log on to members.mhn.com. EMPLOYEE TICKETS, COUPONS, and DISCOUNTS The County of Merced has partnered with Employee Savings Tickets to provide discounted coupons and tickets for all county employees to attractions throughout the state and out-of-state. The discounts and coupons are available for shopping, movies, sporting events, theme parks, zoos and aquariums and much more. THIS BULLETIN IS NOT A CONTRACT AND DOES NOT CREATE CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL RIGHTS ON BEHALF OF ANY EMPLOYEE. THIS BULLETIN IS SUBJECT OF BEING SUPPLEMENTED, MODIFIED, WITHDRAWN OR OTHERWISE CHANGED PENDING LABOR AGREEMENTS AND/OR AT THE DISCRETION OF THE COUNTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR AS THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DEEM NECESSARY. For answers to specific questions regarding employee benefits, please call Human Resources at 209.385.7682 or go to Merced County Benefits Summary 01 Do you possess a valid Certificate of Registration as a Structural Engineer or Civil Engineer issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers. OR Possess a valid License to Practice Architecture issued by the California State Board of Architectural Examiners? Yes No 02 Are you a Certified Building Official (administered by the Council International Code Council (ICC) or do you possess the equivalent certifications offered by other recognized state, national or international association acceptable to the jurisdiction? Yes No 03 If you do not possess the certification, do you have the ability within 1 year to obtain a Building Official certification administered by the International Code Council (ICC) or the equivalent certifications offered by other recognized state, national or international association acceptable to the jurisdiction? Yes No Required QuestionChief Deputy, Agricultural Commissioner / Weights & MeasuresLos Angeles County, Department of Human Resources - Talent Acquisition Division Los Angeles, CA, USATHE IDEAL CANDIDATE We want an experienced leader who knows how to successfully build up operations, communicate with diverse people, and inspire change within an established agricultural/weights and measure organization. A top candidate is an executive with strong interpersonal skills and political savvy who knows how to effectively collaborate with other government agencies, elected officials, community groups, and the public on highly sensitive matters. A candidate with a consistent record of building teams of dedicated and engaged professionals empowered to provide outstanding service to the public within their field of expertise is a benefit to our organization. Additionally, possession of top-notch organizational management skills, including excellent budget, personnel, fiscal, supply, and administrative functions is highly sought after by our Department. THE DUTIES Plans, organizes, evaluates, and advises executive staff on the operational objectives and priorities for the Department. Keeps current on all statutes, laws, and regulations and any legal or procedural revisions that potentially affect the Department and recommends changes to align with specified revisions. Coordinates bureau programs to complement and coincide with those of other State, local, and federal agencies. Interacts with the Chief Executive Office, Department of Human Resources and the Office of County Counsel on budget, technical and legal issues. Coordinates official Department correspondence, Board letters, and special reports. Leads the development of changes in organization, staffing operations and management information systems to increase effectiveness and efficiency and reduce costs. Recommends the adoption and amendment of County ordinances, resolutions, State and federal statutes, and the County Charter to provide efficient and economical administration. Confers with federal, State, and local legislative and administrative bodies on matters relating to agricultural/weights and measures law enforcement and related issues. Develops and implements an affirmative action plan and ensures that departmental hiring and promotion practices are consistent with the County’s equal employment policy.Dec 21, 2020Full TimeTHE IDEAL CANDIDATE We want an experienced leader who knows how to successfully build up operations, communicate with diverse people, and inspire change within an established agricultural/weights and measure organization. A top candidate is an executive with strong interpersonal skills and political savvy who knows how to effectively collaborate with other government agencies, elected officials, community groups, and the public on highly sensitive matters. A candidate with a consistent record of building teams of dedicated and engaged professionals empowered to provide outstanding service to the public within their field of expertise is a benefit to our organization. Additionally, possession of top-notch organizational management skills, including excellent budget, personnel, fiscal, supply, and administrative functions is highly sought after by our Department. THE DUTIES Plans, organizes, evaluates, and advises executive staff on the operational objectives and priorities for the Department. Keeps current on all statutes, laws, and regulations and any legal or procedural revisions that potentially affect the Department and recommends changes to align with specified revisions. Coordinates bureau programs to complement and coincide with those of other State, local, and federal agencies. Interacts with the Chief Executive Office, Department of Human Resources and the Office of County Counsel on budget, technical and legal issues. Coordinates official Department correspondence, Board letters, and special reports. Leads the development of changes in organization, staffing operations and management information systems to increase effectiveness and efficiency and reduce costs. Recommends the adoption and amendment of County ordinances, resolutions, State and federal statutes, and the County Charter to provide efficient and economical administration. Confers with federal, State, and local legislative and administrative bodies on matters relating to agricultural/weights and measures law enforcement and related issues. Develops and implements an affirmative action plan and ensures that departmental hiring and promotion practices are consistent with the County’s equal employment policy.DEPUTY AGRICULTURAL COMMISSIONER/SEALERLOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesDEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURAL COMMISSIONER/WEIGHTS AND MEASURES FILING DATES: January 21, 2021, at 8:00 a.m. (PST) - Until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. EXAM NUMBER: V0026F TYPE OF RECRUITMENT: Open Competitive Job Opportunity JOB TYPE: Permanent DEFINITION: Directs the administrative and enforcement activities of a major division or program of the Department of Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures. CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS: Positions allocable to this class report to a Deputy Director, Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures and are distinguished by their management and administrative responsibilities for major divisions such as pest exclusion, produce quality, pest detection, weed abatement, pesticide regulation, device accuracy, business practice investigations, and pest management. All positions allocable to this class must have the ability to plan, control, direct and evaluate the work of field inspectors and support personnel. Incumbents must have refined written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to interact effectively with managers in other County departments and the industry. Essential Job Functions Directs, plans, and schedules the administrative activities, enforcement inspections, and investigations conducted by a division. Reviews, prepares, and presents performance evaluations. Establishes and maintains effective communication with the Department's constituents including industry, community groups, and consumers to assure the delivery of effective inspection and service programs. Assists in the development and achievement of bureau and division goals and objectives. Prepares and manages a divisional budget including the ongoing monitoring of revenues and expenditures. Reviews and prepares official correspondence, Board letters, press releases and special reports on behalf of the Agricultural Commissioner/Director of Weights and Measures. Recommends bureau policy to the Deputy Director, Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures. Advises the Agricultural Commissioner/Director of Weights and Measures on technical and enforcement issues based on discussions with deputies from other counties. Acts as a department liaison or leader on special projects and assignments, especially interagency programs, such as eradication activities. Makes presentations before industry and community groups on Department services, programs, and projects. Participates in progressive disciplinary processes Assists in the recruitment, selection, and training of new departmental employees. May be required to travel out of town to represent the Department at meetings, trainings, seminars, etc. Prepares and reviews Appraisals of Promotability. Interacts with the Board of Supervisors' field deputies, Chief Executive Office analysts, and other county agencies. Reviews and prepares bid specifications, evaluates and secures bids, and assures the fulfillment of contracts and inspection agreements. Directs the investigation and prosecution of violations through criminal and civil suits, and acts as the departmental advocate in civil administrative hearings. May act as bureau director in the absence of the Deputy Director, Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures***. Assists in the review and evaluation of proposed legislation, regulation, and policy changes. Assists in the development of Department policies and procedures, and assures their implementation and compliance. Participates in grievance processes. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: Graduation from an accredited* four-year college** with specialization in the agricultural or biological sciences or other appropriate disciplines as determined by the California Department of Food and Agriculture - AND - Two years of full-time work experience at the level of the Los Angeles County class of Agricultural/Weights and Measures Inspector III***. LICENSE: Possession of State of California Deputy Agricultural Commissioner or a State of California Deputy Sealer of Weights and Measures Licenses** - AND - All State of California agricultural inspector and weights and measures inspector licenses** - AND - A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential. Successful applicants for positions that require driving must obtain and present a copy of his/her driving record from the California State Department of Motor Vehicles before final appointment. Applicants should not present a copy of their driving history until asked to do so by the hiring department. The county will make and individualized assessment of whether an applicant's driving history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job. License must not be currently suspended, restricted, or revoked. PHYSICAL CLASS II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10-pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: *Accredited colleges and universities include all four-year colleges and universities that meet the accreditation guidelines indicated on the bulletin. **In order to receive credit for the required degree and/or course work, certification, and licenses, you must include a legible copy of the official transcripts, official certificates and/or licenses from the accredited institution which shows the area of specialization, and/or a legible copy of the official certificate and/or license at the time of filing or within fifteen (15) calendar days from the date of filing application. Please submit documentation to Tanya Marchese ( TMarchese@acwm.lacounty.gov ) and indicate your name, the exam name, and exam number. ***At the level of an Agricultural/Weights and Measures Inspector III is defined as a senior or lead, performs the more difficult and complex inspections and enforcement assignments, acts as the on-site lead inspector, enforces safety practices and procedures, and instructs in methods for the expedient and accurate accomplishment of either agricultural or weights and measures inspections, monitors the quantity of inspections conducted by lower level inspectors or associates and make recommendations to management on the preparation of performance evaluations and probationary reports for these employees, acts as a field working supervisor over agricultural inspection, weights and measures, or weed abatement functions by providing training and orientation to employees, establishing job deadlines and maintaining assignment logs, possess a high degree of proficiency, knowledge and expertise in Federal, State and local laws related to departmental programs. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Possession of the remaining required State of California Deputy Agricultural Commissioner or Deputy Sealer of Weights and Measures license.** Possession of the State of California County Agricultural Commissioner and/or County Sealer of Weights and Measures licenses.** A Master's Degree from an accredited* college or university in any related fields of agricultural, weights and measures or public or business administration.** Completion of advanced courses from an accredited* college or university in supervision, business management or human resources.** Additional Information EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of an evaluation of training, experience, Desirable Qualifications, and supplemental questionnaire based on the application information weighted 100%. CANDIDATES MUST ACHIEVE A PASSING SCORE OF 70% OR HIGHER ON THE WEIGHTED PART OF THE EXAMINATION IN ORDER TO BE PLACED ON THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: Applications will be processed on an as-received basis and promulgated to the list of eligible candidates accordingly. SPECIAL INFORMATION: The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance Employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, you will not be asked to provide information about conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. The County will make an individualized assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of offenses(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, any convictions or court records which are exempted by a valid court order do not have to be disclosed. VACANCY INFORMATION: The listed of successful candidates created from this exam will be used to fill vacancies in the Department of Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures as they occur. AVAILABLE SHIFT: Appointees will be required to work any shift, including evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: Applications must be filed online only. Applications submitted by U.S. Mail, Fax, or in person will not be accepted. Apply online by clicking on the green \"Apply\" button at the top right of this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. Many important notifications including invitation letters will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that you provide a valid email address. Please add (Tanya Marchese, Tmarchese@acwm.lacounty.gov ), and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk mail. Applicants have the ability to opt out of emails from LA County. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive any email notification for any examination for which you apply with Los Angeles County. Regardless of whether you choose to unsubscribe, you can always check for notifications by logging into governmentjobs.com and viewing your profile inbox, which saves a copy of all emailed notices. It is your responsibility to take the above steps to view correspondence. Los Angeles County will not consider claims of not viewing or receiving notification to be a valid reason for late test administration or rescheduling of a test component. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. NO SHARING USER ID AND PASSWORD All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. CONTACT INFORMATION: ADA Coordinator Phone: (626) 575-5464 Teletype Phone: (626) 585-5520 California Relay Services: (800) 735-2922 Department Contact Name: Tanya Marchese Department Contact Phone: (626) 575-5464 Department Contact Email: tmarchese@acwm.lacounty.gov Closing Date/Time:Jan 19, 2021Full TimeDEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURAL COMMISSIONER/WEIGHTS AND MEASURES FILING DATES: January 21, 2021, at 8:00 a.m. (PST) - Until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. EXAM NUMBER: V0026F TYPE OF RECRUITMENT: Open Competitive Job Opportunity JOB TYPE: Permanent DEFINITION: Directs the administrative and enforcement activities of a major division or program of the Department of Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures. CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS: Positions allocable to this class report to a Deputy Director, Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures and are distinguished by their management and administrative responsibilities for major divisions such as pest exclusion, produce quality, pest detection, weed abatement, pesticide regulation, device accuracy, business practice investigations, and pest management. All positions allocable to this class must have the ability to plan, control, direct and evaluate the work of field inspectors and support personnel. Incumbents must have refined written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to interact effectively with managers in other County departments and the industry. Essential Job Functions Directs, plans, and schedules the administrative activities, enforcement inspections, and investigations conducted by a division. Reviews, prepares, and presents performance evaluations. Establishes and maintains effective communication with the Department's constituents including industry, community groups, and consumers to assure the delivery of effective inspection and service programs. Assists in the development and achievement of bureau and division goals and objectives. Prepares and manages a divisional budget including the ongoing monitoring of revenues and expenditures. Reviews and prepares official correspondence, Board letters, press releases and special reports on behalf of the Agricultural Commissioner/Director of Weights and Measures. Recommends bureau policy to the Deputy Director, Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures. Advises the Agricultural Commissioner/Director of Weights and Measures on technical and enforcement issues based on discussions with deputies from other counties. Acts as a department liaison or leader on special projects and assignments, especially interagency programs, such as eradication activities. Makes presentations before industry and community groups on Department services, programs, and projects. Participates in progressive disciplinary processes Assists in the recruitment, selection, and training of new departmental employees. May be required to travel out of town to represent the Department at meetings, trainings, seminars, etc. Prepares and reviews Appraisals of Promotability. Interacts with the Board of Supervisors' field deputies, Chief Executive Office analysts, and other county agencies. Reviews and prepares bid specifications, evaluates and secures bids, and assures the fulfillment of contracts and inspection agreements. Directs the investigation and prosecution of violations through criminal and civil suits, and acts as the departmental advocate in civil administrative hearings. May act as bureau director in the absence of the Deputy Director, Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures***. Assists in the review and evaluation of proposed legislation, regulation, and policy changes. Assists in the development of Department policies and procedures, and assures their implementation and compliance. Participates in grievance processes. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: Graduation from an accredited* four-year college** with specialization in the agricultural or biological sciences or other appropriate disciplines as determined by the California Department of Food and Agriculture - AND - Two years of full-time work experience at the level of the Los Angeles County class of Agricultural/Weights and Measures Inspector III***. LICENSE: Possession of State of California Deputy Agricultural Commissioner or a State of California Deputy Sealer of Weights and Measures Licenses** - AND - All State of California agricultural inspector and weights and measures inspector licenses** - AND - A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential. Successful applicants for positions that require driving must obtain and present a copy of his/her driving record from the California State Department of Motor Vehicles before final appointment. Applicants should not present a copy of their driving history until asked to do so by the hiring department. The county will make and individualized assessment of whether an applicant's driving history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job. License must not be currently suspended, restricted, or revoked. PHYSICAL CLASS II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10-pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: *Accredited colleges and universities include all four-year colleges and universities that meet the accreditation guidelines indicated on the bulletin. **In order to receive credit for the required degree and/or course work, certification, and licenses, you must include a legible copy of the official transcripts, official certificates and/or licenses from the accredited institution which shows the area of specialization, and/or a legible copy of the official certificate and/or license at the time of filing or within fifteen (15) calendar days from the date of filing application. Please submit documentation to Tanya Marchese ( TMarchese@acwm.lacounty.gov ) and indicate your name, the exam name, and exam number. ***At the level of an Agricultural/Weights and Measures Inspector III is defined as a senior or lead, performs the more difficult and complex inspections and enforcement assignments, acts as the on-site lead inspector, enforces safety practices and procedures, and instructs in methods for the expedient and accurate accomplishment of either agricultural or weights and measures inspections, monitors the quantity of inspections conducted by lower level inspectors or associates and make recommendations to management on the preparation of performance evaluations and probationary reports for these employees, acts as a field working supervisor over agricultural inspection, weights and measures, or weed abatement functions by providing training and orientation to employees, establishing job deadlines and maintaining assignment logs, possess a high degree of proficiency, knowledge and expertise in Federal, State and local laws related to departmental programs. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Possession of the remaining required State of California Deputy Agricultural Commissioner or Deputy Sealer of Weights and Measures license.** Possession of the State of California County Agricultural Commissioner and/or County Sealer of Weights and Measures licenses.** A Master's Degree from an accredited* college or university in any related fields of agricultural, weights and measures or public or business administration.** Completion of advanced courses from an accredited* college or university in supervision, business management or human resources.** Additional Information EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of an evaluation of training, experience, Desirable Qualifications, and supplemental questionnaire based on the application information weighted 100%. CANDIDATES MUST ACHIEVE A PASSING SCORE OF 70% OR HIGHER ON THE WEIGHTED PART OF THE EXAMINATION IN ORDER TO BE PLACED ON THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: Applications will be processed on an as-received basis and promulgated to the list of eligible candidates accordingly. SPECIAL INFORMATION: The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance Employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, you will not be asked to provide information about conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. The County will make an individualized assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of offenses(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, any convictions or court records which are exempted by a valid court order do not have to be disclosed. VACANCY INFORMATION: The listed of successful candidates created from this exam will be used to fill vacancies in the Department of Agricultural Commissioner/Weights and Measures as they occur. AVAILABLE SHIFT: Appointees will be required to work any shift, including evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: Applications must be filed online only. Applications submitted by U.S. Mail, Fax, or in person will not be accepted. Apply online by clicking on the green \"Apply\" button at the top right of this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. Many important notifications including invitation letters will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that you provide a valid email address. Please add (Tanya Marchese, Tmarchese@acwm.lacounty.gov ), and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk mail. Applicants have the ability to opt out of emails from LA County. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive any email notification for any examination for which you apply with Los Angeles County. Regardless of whether you choose to unsubscribe, you can always check for notifications by logging into governmentjobs.com and viewing your profile inbox, which saves a copy of all emailed notices. It is your responsibility to take the above steps to view correspondence. Los Angeles County will not consider claims of not viewing or receiving notification to be a valid reason for late test administration or rescheduling of a test component. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. NO SHARING USER ID AND PASSWORD All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. CONTACT INFORMATION: ADA Coordinator Phone: (626) 575-5464 Teletype Phone: (626) 585-5520 California Relay Services: (800) 735-2922 Department Contact Name: Tanya Marchese Department Contact Phone: (626) 575-5464 Department Contact Email: tmarchese@acwm.lacounty.gov Closing Date/Time:DEPUTY EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ASSESSMENT APPEALS BOARDLOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesThe County of Los Angeles Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors is conducting a search for a Deputy Executive Officer, Assessment Appeals Board (AAB). The Deputy Executive Officer, AAB has full oversight of the division including but not limited to organization of work assignments through subordinate supervisors overseeing different units within AAB. This is an unclassified (at-will) position. Interested individuals must apply as directed in the brochure. To download the brochure, click on the link below: https://bit.ly/33e1v5v To view and print a copy of the brochure for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES IS AN ACTIVE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeThe County of Los Angeles Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors is conducting a search for a Deputy Executive Officer, Assessment Appeals Board (AAB). The Deputy Executive Officer, AAB has full oversight of the division including but not limited to organization of work assignments through subordinate supervisors overseeing different units within AAB. This is an unclassified (at-will) position. Interested individuals must apply as directed in the brochure. To download the brochure, click on the link below: https://bit.ly/33e1v5v To view and print a copy of the brochure for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES IS AN ACTIVE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Closing Date/Time:Deputy Sheriff's RecruitAlameda County Oakland, California, United StatesIntroduction NOW OFFERING $10,000 HIRING BONUS* *Effective August 9, 2020, paid incrementally over 4 years THIS IS A NEWCONTINUOUSEXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to examination score. Supplemental Questionnaire: A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefourth Tuesday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: • January 26, 2021 • February 23, 2021 • March 23, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. ***If you have previously applied or started an application for the Deputy Sheriff's Recruit,Examination #20-8601-01, to reapply for this recruitment, please contact the examination analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org to have your previous application released back to you.*** Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION Deputy Sheriff Recruit is the entry-level law enforcement position for Alameda County. This classification exists solely for those attending the Sheriff's Office Peace Officers Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) Certified Academy. Deputy Sheriff Recruit is a classification characterized by assignment to a P.O.S.T. Certified Academy. Under close supervision during this Academy, the Recruit will receive intensive academic instruction in law enforcement combined with rigorous physical fitness training. Upon successful completion of the Academy, recruits will be sworn in as Peace Officers and promoted to Deputy Sheriff I. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff's Recruit (#8601) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education: Graduation from high school or possession of an acceptable equivalency certificate, such as the General Educational Development Certificate (State of California). License: Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's License by the time of appointment to Deputy Sheriff I. Age: Must be at least 21 years of age at the time of appointment to Deputy Sheriff I. Citizenship: If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff Recruit. NOTE: The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: • Read, understand, interpret and applying complex policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work. • Write clear, concise, comprehensive reports. • Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events. • Establish and maintain effective working relations with others. • Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations. • Communicate clearly and concisely, verbally, and in writing. • Perform routine clerical and record-keeping duties. Special Requirements A thorough background investigation and psychological examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriff Recruits. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above-average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A WRITTEN TEST (Qualifying only). Alameda County will accept T-scores from other agencies as this written will be the POST Entry Level Law Enforcement Test Battery written exam (PELLETB). The acceptable pass point of the POST exam will be 45 . Please note - if you are submitting a T-score from Alameda County or another agency, it must be on the agency's letterhead and the test date must be within 12 months of the upcoming scheduled test date . Valid t-scores may be submitted to the recruitment analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org . Candidates scoring a 45 or higher will move on to the next step in the examination process . 3) A PHYSICAL ABILITIES TEST (Qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 4) An ORAL EXAMINATION which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 5) A thorough BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION and PSYCHOLOGICAL EXAMINATION will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriff Recruits. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualifications: Continuous PELLETB Written Test *Friday - Saturday, January 29 - 30, 2021 PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/23/2020 Continuous: All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. This is a new continuous examination. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to the examination score. For upcoming academy dates, please visit: ACSO Basic Academy . IMPORTANT: Test dates shown in the Tentative Selection Plan and below are for those applicants who submitted applications by the December 22, 2020 filing date. Test dates for those applications received after the December 22, 2020 filing date are TBD. The recruitment bulletin will be updated as information becomes available. Friday, January 29, 2021 and Saturday, January 30, 2021: WrittenTest (Qualifying Only).Applicants that meet minimum qualifications will be scheduled to take the Peace Officer Standards and Training (POST) Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery (PELLETB). Those passing the written exam, with a score of 45 or higher,will be invited to the PhysicalAbilities Test (PAT). Candidates who have taken thistest with Alameda County or another agency within the past 12 months of the scheduled exam date may submit their scores in lieu of taking the exam. Saturday, January 30, 2021: Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Wednesday, February 3, 2021: Cutoff to Accept T-Scores. T-Scores will not be accepted after 5pm on this date. T-Scoresshould be dated within the last 12 months of our Written Test date. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week of March 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to*: For your Health & Well-Being Medical - HMO & PPO Plans Dental - HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Catastrophic Sick Leave Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1 st United Services Credit Union *Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the benefits offered and can be subject to change. Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Alameda County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to report to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment.Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Introduction NOW OFFERING $10,000 HIRING BONUS* *Effective August 9, 2020, paid incrementally over 4 years THIS IS A NEWCONTINUOUSEXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to examination score. Supplemental Questionnaire: A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefourth Tuesday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: • January 26, 2021 • February 23, 2021 • March 23, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. ***If you have previously applied or started an application for the Deputy Sheriff's Recruit,Examination #20-8601-01, to reapply for this recruitment, please contact the examination analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org to have your previous application released back to you.*** Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION Deputy Sheriff Recruit is the entry-level law enforcement position for Alameda County. This classification exists solely for those attending the Sheriff's Office Peace Officers Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) Certified Academy. Deputy Sheriff Recruit is a classification characterized by assignment to a P.O.S.T. Certified Academy. Under close supervision during this Academy, the Recruit will receive intensive academic instruction in law enforcement combined with rigorous physical fitness training. Upon successful completion of the Academy, recruits will be sworn in as Peace Officers and promoted to Deputy Sheriff I. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff's Recruit (#8601) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education: Graduation from high school or possession of an acceptable equivalency certificate, such as the General Educational Development Certificate (State of California). License: Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's License by the time of appointment to Deputy Sheriff I. Age: Must be at least 21 years of age at the time of appointment to Deputy Sheriff I. Citizenship: If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff Recruit. NOTE: The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: • Read, understand, interpret and applying complex policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work. • Write clear, concise, comprehensive reports. • Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events. • Establish and maintain effective working relations with others. • Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations. • Communicate clearly and concisely, verbally, and in writing. • Perform routine clerical and record-keeping duties. Special Requirements A thorough background investigation and psychological examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriff Recruits. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above-average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A WRITTEN TEST (Qualifying only). Alameda County will accept T-scores from other agencies as this written will be the POST Entry Level Law Enforcement Test Battery written exam (PELLETB). The acceptable pass point of the POST exam will be 45 . Please note - if you are submitting a T-score from Alameda County or another agency, it must be on the agency's letterhead and the test date must be within 12 months of the upcoming scheduled test date . Valid t-scores may be submitted to the recruitment analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org . Candidates scoring a 45 or higher will move on to the next step in the examination process . 3) A PHYSICAL ABILITIES TEST (Qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 4) An ORAL EXAMINATION which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 5) A thorough BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION and PSYCHOLOGICAL EXAMINATION will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriff Recruits. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualifications: Continuous PELLETB Written Test *Friday - Saturday, January 29 - 30, 2021 PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/23/2020 Continuous: All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. This is a new continuous examination. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to the examination score. For upcoming academy dates, please visit: ACSO Basic Academy . IMPORTANT: Test dates shown in the Tentative Selection Plan and below are for those applicants who submitted applications by the December 22, 2020 filing date. Test dates for those applications received after the December 22, 2020 filing date are TBD. The recruitment bulletin will be updated as information becomes available. Friday, January 29, 2021 and Saturday, January 30, 2021: WrittenTest (Qualifying Only).Applicants that meet minimum qualifications will be scheduled to take the Peace Officer Standards and Training (POST) Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery (PELLETB). Those passing the written exam, with a score of 45 or higher,will be invited to the PhysicalAbilities Test (PAT). Candidates who have taken thistest with Alameda County or another agency within the past 12 months of the scheduled exam date may submit their scores in lieu of taking the exam. Saturday, January 30, 2021: Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Wednesday, February 3, 2021: Cutoff to Accept T-Scores. T-Scores will not be accepted after 5pm on this date. T-Scoresshould be dated within the last 12 months of our Written Test date. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week of March 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to*: For your Health & Well-Being Medical - HMO & PPO Plans Dental - HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Catastrophic Sick Leave Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1 st United Services Credit Union *Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the benefits offered and can be subject to change. Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Alameda County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to report to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment.Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDeputy Sheriff - Services-As-Needed (SAN)Alameda County Oakland, California, United StatesIntroduction The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is accepting applications for Deputy Sheriff - Services-As-Needed (SAN). Under general supervision, the Deputy Sheriff (SAN) provides limited law enforcement services on a services-as-needed basis. Interested applicants should click on the \"apply\" link found in the recruitment bulletin. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefirstFriday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: December 4, 2020 January 4, 2021 (January 1, 2021 HOLIDAY) February 5, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION The classification of Deputy Sheriff - (SAN) is used on a services-as-needed basis and are only used to provide supplemental law enforcement services to meet temporary fluctuations in staffing needs. This class is distinguished from Deputy Sheriff I/II in that the latter classifications perform the full range of law enforcement duties within the Sheriff's Office. It is further distinguished from Retired Annuitant - Safety I/II in that the latter classifications are limited to individuals who are retired from regular employment in Alameda County Service. Positions in this classification are not eligible for tenure status. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff (SAN) (#8603N) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education : Graduation from High School or possession of an acceptable equivalency certificate, such as the General Educational Development Certificate (State of California). AND Experience : A minimum of 36 months full-time experience as a Peace Officer in a non-37 Act retirement system in a California law enforcement agency (municipality, Sheriff, Highway Patrol) within the last three years. AND License/Certificate : Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's license. Possession of a valid California Basic P.O.S.T. certificate or recertification certificate. Special Requirements : Must be at least 21 years of age at time of appointment. If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff. Federal law and County policy requires that certain positions in the class of Deputy Sheriff - Services-As-Needed, which require a commercial driver's license and the performance of duties defined as \"safety sensitive,\" are subject to post-offer/pre-placement/pre-duty, reasonable suspicion, post-accident, random, return-to-duty and follow-up drug and alcohol testing. A thorough background investigation will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs - Services-As-Needed. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Physical Requirements : Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. NOTE :The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Knowledge of : Basic principles and practices of law enforcement and law enforcement terminology. Basic English usage including spelling, grammar and punctuation. Basic preparation of law enforcement incident report writing. Basic principles and concepts of law enforcement safety procedures. Ability to : Read, understand, interpret and apply department policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work. Write clear, concise comprehensive reports. Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events. Establish and maintain effective working relations with others. Exert physical force in the apprehension of suspects and in the saving of lives and property. Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations. Identify and address issues, problems, and opportunities. Interact with others in a way that gives them confidence in one's intentions. Work effectively even when under stress or experiencing conflict. Communicate clearly and concisely verbally and in writing. Perform routine clerical and record keeping duties. Quickly learn and apply the rules, procedures, laws and regulations relevant to the work. EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A Physical Abilities Test (qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 3) An Oral Examination which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 4) A thorough Background Investigation and Psychological Examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Candidates who successfully complete all application, PAT, interview, and background processes will be assigned to a position as vacancies arise. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualification: Continuous PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/28/2020 Continuous: We will accept applications during thisperiod . All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. Saturday, January 30, 2021: *Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week ofMarch 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). IMPORTANT: All qualifying candidates will receive an email notification at least 10 days prior to the scheduled exam. Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com a re routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment.Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Introduction The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is accepting applications for Deputy Sheriff - Services-As-Needed (SAN). Under general supervision, the Deputy Sheriff (SAN) provides limited law enforcement services on a services-as-needed basis. Interested applicants should click on the \"apply\" link found in the recruitment bulletin. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefirstFriday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: December 4, 2020 January 4, 2021 (January 1, 2021 HOLIDAY) February 5, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION The classification of Deputy Sheriff - (SAN) is used on a services-as-needed basis and are only used to provide supplemental law enforcement services to meet temporary fluctuations in staffing needs. This class is distinguished from Deputy Sheriff I/II in that the latter classifications perform the full range of law enforcement duties within the Sheriff's Office. It is further distinguished from Retired Annuitant - Safety I/II in that the latter classifications are limited to individuals who are retired from regular employment in Alameda County Service. Positions in this classification are not eligible for tenure status. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff (SAN) (#8603N) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education : Graduation from High School or possession of an acceptable equivalency certificate, such as the General Educational Development Certificate (State of California). AND Experience : A minimum of 36 months full-time experience as a Peace Officer in a non-37 Act retirement system in a California law enforcement agency (municipality, Sheriff, Highway Patrol) within the last three years. AND License/Certificate : Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's license. Possession of a valid California Basic P.O.S.T. certificate or recertification certificate. Special Requirements : Must be at least 21 years of age at time of appointment. If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff. Federal law and County policy requires that certain positions in the class of Deputy Sheriff - Services-As-Needed, which require a commercial driver's license and the performance of duties defined as \"safety sensitive,\" are subject to post-offer/pre-placement/pre-duty, reasonable suspicion, post-accident, random, return-to-duty and follow-up drug and alcohol testing. A thorough background investigation will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs - Services-As-Needed. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Physical Requirements : Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. NOTE :The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Knowledge of : Basic principles and practices of law enforcement and law enforcement terminology. Basic English usage including spelling, grammar and punctuation. Basic preparation of law enforcement incident report writing. Basic principles and concepts of law enforcement safety procedures. Ability to : Read, understand, interpret and apply department policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work. Write clear, concise comprehensive reports. Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events. Establish and maintain effective working relations with others. Exert physical force in the apprehension of suspects and in the saving of lives and property. Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations. Identify and address issues, problems, and opportunities. Interact with others in a way that gives them confidence in one's intentions. Work effectively even when under stress or experiencing conflict. Communicate clearly and concisely verbally and in writing. Perform routine clerical and record keeping duties. Quickly learn and apply the rules, procedures, laws and regulations relevant to the work. EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A Physical Abilities Test (qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 3) An Oral Examination which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 4) A thorough Background Investigation and Psychological Examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Candidates who successfully complete all application, PAT, interview, and background processes will be assigned to a position as vacancies arise. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualification: Continuous PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/28/2020 Continuous: We will accept applications during thisperiod . All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. Saturday, January 30, 2021: *Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week ofMarch 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). IMPORTANT: All qualifying candidates will receive an email notification at least 10 days prior to the scheduled exam. Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com a re routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment.Closing Date/Time: ContinuousHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	Deputy Inspector GeneralLOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesExecutive Office of the Board of Supervisors Filing Dates Filing begins on December 29, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. (PST) and will remain open until the needs of the service are met. The filing period is subject to closure without prior notice. Exam Number H1651C Type of Recruitment Open Competitive Job Opportunity Position Overview : Provides independent civilian monitoring of the Probation Department's and Sheriff's Department's operations by reviewing and analyzing reports and data provided by the Department, other members of the Office of Inspector General (OIG), and direct observations of Department operations. Classification Information : Positions allocable to this class report to an Assistant Inspector General, the Chief Deputy and the Inspector General and provide legal and practical analysis of data to identify and recommend topics for OIG reports. Under general direction, incumbents perform a wide range of independent monitoring and legal analysis and make recommendations based on identified procedural, policy and/or cultural issues. Incumbents are also responsible for working closely with OIG personnel and employees from the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department to conduct monitoring activities and convert information gained from monitoring into proposals for policy change in the Probation and Sheriff's departments. Incumbents must have excellent interpersonal skills, the highest level of integrity, and a strong commitment to maintaining confidentiality where provided for by law. The work performed is of a highly specialized, complex and often sensitive nature and subject to review for adherence to policy, initiative and sound legal judgment. Incumbents should have a demonstrated ability to comprehend and evaluate law enforcement operations such as the use of force in jails, and interpret and apply relevant laws and regulations. This ability requires a detailed knowledge of the challenges of law enforcement and the interaction between government and the community. Essential Job Functions Monitors and reviews use of force statistics, internal investigations of force incidents and misconduct, disciplinary decisions, the quality of audits and inspections conducted by the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department, the condition of jail facilities, the operations of Probation's or Sheriff's stations and subcommands, as well as any other factors that may contribute to the effective and lawful functioning of the department. Analyzes, organizes and synthesizes a variety of data in order to make recommendations designed to reduce unnecessary use of force, misconduct and the County's exposure to lawsuits. Provides status updates on the progress of the Probation Department or the Sheriff's Department in implementing reforms. Consults with Probation Department or Sheriff's Department personnel, County employees, community members, and other stakeholders to develop periodic recommendations for policy and procedural changes designed to improve the operations of the Probation or Sheriff's departments. Works cooperatively with other OIG staff to accomplish office goals, including the creation of work plans and monitoring the status of data gathering. Consults with Probation Department or Sheriff's Department personnel when necessary regarding Departmental policies, disciplinary action, and other activities to encourage lawful and effective conduct. Analyzes law enforcement procedures to produce recommendations for best practices, and maintains expertise in this area through continued training and observation. Takes steps necessary to obtain data needed for review and analysis, including, when necessary, direct data-gathering from the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department, which may include traveling to crime scenes, detention facilities, jails, camps, and group homes, sometimes at times other than normal working hours, and observing operations and training and conducting interviews. Plans and directs investigations with other OIG staff of selected incidents, problems, or systems failures with Probation's or Sheriff's department operations, and reports findings to the Assistant Inspector General, the Chief Deputy and the Inspector General. Prepares draft public reports on the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department to facilitate public awareness. Requirements Minimum Requirements : Training and Experience Candidates must have five (5) years or more of full-time* professional experience as a: local, state, federal prosecutor, defense attorney; or other attorney working in a field related to law enforcement or civilian monitoring of government or law enforcement; or other attorney conducting or supervising complex investigations** and/or risk management*** operations or analysis *Full-time experience is evaluated on the basis of a 40-hour work week. Part-time experience will be evaluated and prorated accordingly. **Complex investigations is defined as: i ndependently investigating highly sensitive cases by conducting research, evaluating, as well as providing finding and recommendations to management. A significantly greater degree of originality, innovation, critical thinking, resourcefulness, and conceptualization are required to perform the task. ***Risk Management is defined as: identifying policies, procedures and/or practices which pose significant risks of constitutional violations or unlawful or tortious conduct (and resulting liability to the county), and recommending the implementation of policies, procedures and practices to mitigate those risks. License : Admission to practice law in all courts of California. A valid California Class \"C\" Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. Physical Class : 2 - Light. Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. Additional Information Examination Cont ent : The examination will consist of a structured oral interview weighted 100%. The assessment will evaluate candidates' experience, knowledge, oral communication, willingness, and general abilities to perform the duties of the position. Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher on the interview in order to be placed on the eligible register. Communication with Candidates : Many important notifications including invitation letters will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. Please provide a valid email address on your application. Please add echeang@bos.lacounty.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and your list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk/clutter mail. Applicants have the ability to opt out of emails from LA County. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive any email notification for any examination for which you apply with Los Angeles County. Regardless of whether you choose to unsubscribe, you can always check for notifications by logging into governmentjobs.com and viewing your profile inbox, which saves a copy of all emailed notices. It is your responsibility to take the above steps to view correspondence. Los Angeles County will not consider claims of not viewing or receiving notification to be a valid reason for late test administration or rescheduling of a test component. We will send final results either via U.S. postal mail or via email, depending on your chosen method of contact in the supplemental questionnaire. Test scores and final scores cannot be given over the phone. Candidate Eligibility Information : We will process applications on an \"as-received\" basis. Those who receive a passing final score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. The names on the register will be active for a period of 12 months following the date of promulgation. No person may participate in this examination more than once every twelve (12) months. Special Information : The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, we will not ask you to provide information about a conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. We will make an individualized assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of the offense(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, you do not need to disclose any convictions or court records that are exempted by a valid court order. Vacancy Information : The resulting eligible register will be used to fill vacancies in the Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors, Office of the Inspector General. Available Shift : Any Application and Filing Information : We only accept online applications submitted on www.governmentjobs.com/careers/lacounty. You can also track the application status using this website. Apply online by clicking on the green \"Apply\" button at the top right of this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. Please ensure that you submit your application and additional documents, if any, by 5:00 pm, PT, on or before the last filing date. To qualify under the Minimum Requirements, a legible copy of any applicable certification or license must be uploaded and attached with the official online application OR submitted via email within t e n (10) calendar days of application filing. Note : If you have issues submitting any document during online application filing, please email to echeang@bos.lacounty.gov. Please ensure to reference your attachment by writing your full name, examination title, and examination number on the subject of your email. Fill out your application and supplemental questionnaire completely. The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the selection requirements. Provide any relevant education, training and experience in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week, and description of work performed. If your application is incomplete, it will be disqualified. We do not accept applications submitted by U.S. mail, fax, or in person, and resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the official employment application online. Disqualifying Factors : Please note that ALL information included in the application materials is subject to VERIFICATION at any point during the examination and hiring process, including after an appointment has been made. FALSIFICATION of any information may result in DISQUALIFICATION or RESCISSION OF APPOINTMENT. Utilizing VERBIAGE from Class Specification and Selection Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED. Social Security Number (SSN) : Please include your SSN for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a SSN. No Sharing of Log-In Information : You are required to use your own user ID and password on your online application. Using a relative's or friend's log-in information may erase your initial application record and/or result in disqualification. Department Contact Name : Eileen Cheang, Exam Analyst (213) 974-1422 echeang@bos.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator Phone : (213) 974-1421 Teletype Phone : (213) 974-1704 California Relay Services Phone : (800) 735-2922 Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeExecutive Office of the Board of Supervisors Filing Dates Filing begins on December 29, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. (PST) and will remain open until the needs of the service are met. The filing period is subject to closure without prior notice. Exam Number H1651C Type of Recruitment Open Competitive Job Opportunity Position Overview : Provides independent civilian monitoring of the Probation Department's and Sheriff's Department's operations by reviewing and analyzing reports and data provided by the Department, other members of the Office of Inspector General (OIG), and direct observations of Department operations. Classification Information : Positions allocable to this class report to an Assistant Inspector General, the Chief Deputy and the Inspector General and provide legal and practical analysis of data to identify and recommend topics for OIG reports. Under general direction, incumbents perform a wide range of independent monitoring and legal analysis and make recommendations based on identified procedural, policy and/or cultural issues. Incumbents are also responsible for working closely with OIG personnel and employees from the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department to conduct monitoring activities and convert information gained from monitoring into proposals for policy change in the Probation and Sheriff's departments. Incumbents must have excellent interpersonal skills, the highest level of integrity, and a strong commitment to maintaining confidentiality where provided for by law. The work performed is of a highly specialized, complex and often sensitive nature and subject to review for adherence to policy, initiative and sound legal judgment. Incumbents should have a demonstrated ability to comprehend and evaluate law enforcement operations such as the use of force in jails, and interpret and apply relevant laws and regulations. This ability requires a detailed knowledge of the challenges of law enforcement and the interaction between government and the community. Essential Job Functions Monitors and reviews use of force statistics, internal investigations of force incidents and misconduct, disciplinary decisions, the quality of audits and inspections conducted by the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department, the condition of jail facilities, the operations of Probation's or Sheriff's stations and subcommands, as well as any other factors that may contribute to the effective and lawful functioning of the department. Analyzes, organizes and synthesizes a variety of data in order to make recommendations designed to reduce unnecessary use of force, misconduct and the County's exposure to lawsuits. Provides status updates on the progress of the Probation Department or the Sheriff's Department in implementing reforms. Consults with Probation Department or Sheriff's Department personnel, County employees, community members, and other stakeholders to develop periodic recommendations for policy and procedural changes designed to improve the operations of the Probation or Sheriff's departments. Works cooperatively with other OIG staff to accomplish office goals, including the creation of work plans and monitoring the status of data gathering. Consults with Probation Department or Sheriff's Department personnel when necessary regarding Departmental policies, disciplinary action, and other activities to encourage lawful and effective conduct. Analyzes law enforcement procedures to produce recommendations for best practices, and maintains expertise in this area through continued training and observation. Takes steps necessary to obtain data needed for review and analysis, including, when necessary, direct data-gathering from the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department, which may include traveling to crime scenes, detention facilities, jails, camps, and group homes, sometimes at times other than normal working hours, and observing operations and training and conducting interviews. Plans and directs investigations with other OIG staff of selected incidents, problems, or systems failures with Probation's or Sheriff's department operations, and reports findings to the Assistant Inspector General, the Chief Deputy and the Inspector General. Prepares draft public reports on the Probation Department or Sheriff's Department to facilitate public awareness. Requirements Minimum Requirements : Training and Experience Candidates must have five (5) years or more of full-time* professional experience as a: local, state, federal prosecutor, defense attorney; or other attorney working in a field related to law enforcement or civilian monitoring of government or law enforcement; or other attorney conducting or supervising complex investigations** and/or risk management*** operations or analysis *Full-time experience is evaluated on the basis of a 40-hour work week. Part-time experience will be evaluated and prorated accordingly. **Complex investigations is defined as: i ndependently investigating highly sensitive cases by conducting research, evaluating, as well as providing finding and recommendations to management. A significantly greater degree of originality, innovation, critical thinking, resourcefulness, and conceptualization are required to perform the task. ***Risk Management is defined as: identifying policies, procedures and/or practices which pose significant risks of constitutional violations or unlawful or tortious conduct (and resulting liability to the county), and recommending the implementation of policies, procedures and practices to mitigate those risks. License : Admission to practice law in all courts of California. A valid California Class \"C\" Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. Physical Class : 2 - Light. Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. Additional Information Examination Cont ent : The examination will consist of a structured oral interview weighted 100%. The assessment will evaluate candidates' experience, knowledge, oral communication, willingness, and general abilities to perform the duties of the position. Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher on the interview in order to be placed on the eligible register. Communication with Candidates : Many important notifications including invitation letters will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. Please provide a valid email address on your application. Please add echeang@bos.lacounty.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and your list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk/clutter mail. Applicants have the ability to opt out of emails from LA County. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive any email notification for any examination for which you apply with Los Angeles County. Regardless of whether you choose to unsubscribe, you can always check for notifications by logging into governmentjobs.com and viewing your profile inbox, which saves a copy of all emailed notices. It is your responsibility to take the above steps to view correspondence. Los Angeles County will not consider claims of not viewing or receiving notification to be a valid reason for late test administration or rescheduling of a test component. We will send final results either via U.S. postal mail or via email, depending on your chosen method of contact in the supplemental questionnaire. Test scores and final scores cannot be given over the phone. Candidate Eligibility Information : We will process applications on an \"as-received\" basis. Those who receive a passing final score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. The names on the register will be active for a period of 12 months following the date of promulgation. No person may participate in this examination more than once every twelve (12) months. Special Information : The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, we will not ask you to provide information about a conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. We will make an individualized assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of the offense(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, you do not need to disclose any convictions or court records that are exempted by a valid court order. Vacancy Information : The resulting eligible register will be used to fill vacancies in the Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors, Office of the Inspector General. Available Shift : Any Application and Filing Information : We only accept online applications submitted on www.governmentjobs.com/careers/lacounty. You can also track the application status using this website. Apply online by clicking on the green \"Apply\" button at the top right of this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. Please ensure that you submit your application and additional documents, if any, by 5:00 pm, PT, on or before the last filing date. To qualify under the Minimum Requirements, a legible copy of any applicable certification or license must be uploaded and attached with the official online application OR submitted via email within t e n (10) calendar days of application filing. Note : If you have issues submitting any document during online application filing, please email to echeang@bos.lacounty.gov. Please ensure to reference your attachment by writing your full name, examination title, and examination number on the subject of your email. Fill out your application and supplemental questionnaire completely. The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the selection requirements. Provide any relevant education, training and experience in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week, and description of work performed. If your application is incomplete, it will be disqualified. We do not accept applications submitted by U.S. mail, fax, or in person, and resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the official employment application online. Disqualifying Factors : Please note that ALL information included in the application materials is subject to VERIFICATION at any point during the examination and hiring process, including after an appointment has been made. FALSIFICATION of any information may result in DISQUALIFICATION or RESCISSION OF APPOINTMENT. Utilizing VERBIAGE from Class Specification and Selection Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED. Social Security Number (SSN) : Please include your SSN for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a SSN. No Sharing of Log-In Information : You are required to use your own user ID and password on your online application. Using a relative's or friend's log-in information may erase your initial application record and/or result in disqualification. Department Contact Name : Eileen Cheang, Exam Analyst (213) 974-1422 echeang@bos.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator Phone : (213) 974-1421 Teletype Phone : (213) 974-1704 California Relay Services Phone : (800) 735-2922 Closing Date/Time:Deputy Sheriff I (POST Academy Graduate)Alameda County Oakland, California, United StatesIntroduction NOW OFFERING $12,000 HIRING BONUS* *Effective August 9, 2020, paid incrementally over 4 years THIS IS A NEWCONTINUOUSEXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to examination score. Supplemental Questionnaire: A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefirstFriday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: December 4, 2020 January 4, 2021 (January 1, 2021 HOLIDAY) February 5, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. ***If you have previously applied or started an application for the Deputy Sheriff I (POST Academy Graduate),Examination #20-8602-01, to reapply for this recruitment, please contact the examination analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org to have your previous application released back to you.*** Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION Deputy Sheriffs, under general supervision at the higher level (Deputy Sheriff II), and close supervision at the lower level (Deputy Sheriff I), supervise the work and conduct of inmates in a county correctional institution; patrol an area and enforce law and order; receive and serve civil process; maintain order in courts; assist with special investigations; investigates circumstances surrounding death in cases referred to Coroner; under direction, coordinate emergency services programs and volunteer activities; and do related work as required. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff I (#8602) . MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Deputy Sheriff I Either I Current enrollment in the Alameda County Sheriff's Office Recruit Training Academy, with successful completion of the academy by the time of appointment. OR II Successful completion of a certified P.O.S.T. approved basic academy within three years of application date or possession of a valid recertification certificate. License: Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's license. Age: Must be at least 21 years of age at time of appointment. Citizenship: If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff. Physical Requirement: Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. NOTE : The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. Special Requirement: Federal law and County policy requires that certain positions in the class of Deputy Sheriff I/II which require a commercial driver's license and the performance of duties defined as \"safety sensitive\" are subject to post-offer/pre-placement/pre-duty, reasonable suspicion, post-accident, random, return-to-duty and follow-up drug and alcohol testing. A thorough background investigation will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Ability to: • Read, understand, interpret and apply department policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work • Write clear, concise comprehensive reports • Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events • Establish and maintain effective working relations with others • Exert physical force in the apprehension of suspects and in the saving of lives and property • Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations • Identify and address issues, problems, and opportunities • Interact with others in a way that gives them confidence in one's intentions • Work effectively even when under stress or experiencing conflict • Communicate clearly and concisely verbally and in writing • Perform routine clerical and record keeping duties • Quickly learn and apply the rules, procedures, laws and regulations relevant to the work EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A Physical Abilities Test (qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 3) An Oral Examination which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 4) A thorough Background Investigation and Psychological Examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualification: Continuous PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/28/2020 Continuous: We will accept applications during thisperiod . All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. This is a new continuous examination. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to the examination score. Saturday, January 30, 2021: *Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week ofMarch 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). IMPORTANT: All qualifying candidates will receive an email notification at least 10 days prior to the scheduled exam. Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to*: For your Health & Well-Being Medical - HMO & PPO Plans Dental - HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Catastrophic Sick Leave Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1 st United Services Credit Union *Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the benefits offered and can be subject to change. Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com a re routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Alameda County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to report to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment.Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Introduction NOW OFFERING $12,000 HIRING BONUS* *Effective August 9, 2020, paid incrementally over 4 years THIS IS A NEWCONTINUOUSEXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to examination score. Supplemental Questionnaire: A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefirstFriday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: December 4, 2020 January 4, 2021 (January 1, 2021 HOLIDAY) February 5, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. ***If you have previously applied or started an application for the Deputy Sheriff I (POST Academy Graduate),Examination #20-8602-01, to reapply for this recruitment, please contact the examination analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org to have your previous application released back to you.*** Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION Deputy Sheriffs, under general supervision at the higher level (Deputy Sheriff II), and close supervision at the lower level (Deputy Sheriff I), supervise the work and conduct of inmates in a county correctional institution; patrol an area and enforce law and order; receive and serve civil process; maintain order in courts; assist with special investigations; investigates circumstances surrounding death in cases referred to Coroner; under direction, coordinate emergency services programs and volunteer activities; and do related work as required. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff I (#8602) . MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Deputy Sheriff I Either I Current enrollment in the Alameda County Sheriff's Office Recruit Training Academy, with successful completion of the academy by the time of appointment. OR II Successful completion of a certified P.O.S.T. approved basic academy within three years of application date or possession of a valid recertification certificate. License: Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's license. Age: Must be at least 21 years of age at time of appointment. Citizenship: If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff. Physical Requirement: Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. NOTE : The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. Special Requirement: Federal law and County policy requires that certain positions in the class of Deputy Sheriff I/II which require a commercial driver's license and the performance of duties defined as \"safety sensitive\" are subject to post-offer/pre-placement/pre-duty, reasonable suspicion, post-accident, random, return-to-duty and follow-up drug and alcohol testing. A thorough background investigation will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Ability to: • Read, understand, interpret and apply department policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work • Write clear, concise comprehensive reports • Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events • Establish and maintain effective working relations with others • Exert physical force in the apprehension of suspects and in the saving of lives and property • Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations • Identify and address issues, problems, and opportunities • Interact with others in a way that gives them confidence in one's intentions • Work effectively even when under stress or experiencing conflict • Communicate clearly and concisely verbally and in writing • Perform routine clerical and record keeping duties • Quickly learn and apply the rules, procedures, laws and regulations relevant to the work EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A Physical Abilities Test (qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 3) An Oral Examination which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 4) A thorough Background Investigation and Psychological Examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualification: Continuous PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/28/2020 Continuous: We will accept applications during thisperiod . All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. This is a new continuous examination. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to the examination score. Saturday, January 30, 2021: *Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week ofMarch 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). IMPORTANT: All qualifying candidates will receive an email notification at least 10 days prior to the scheduled exam. Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to*: For your Health & Well-Being Medical - HMO & PPO Plans Dental - HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Catastrophic Sick Leave Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1 st United Services Credit Union *Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the benefits offered and can be subject to change. Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com a re routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Alameda County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to report to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment.Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDeputy Sheriff II (Lateral)Alameda County Oakland, California, United StatesIntroduction NOW OFFERING $15,000 HIRING BONUS* *Effective August 9, 2020, paid incrementally over 4 years THIS IS A NEWCONTINUOUSEXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to examination score. Supplemental Questionnaire: A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefirst Friday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: December 4, 2020 January 4, 2021 (January 1, 2021 HOLIDAY) February 5, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. ***If you have previously applied or started an application for the Deputy Sheriff II (Lateral),Examination #20-8604-01, to reapply for this recruitment, please contact the examination analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org to have your previous application released back to you.*** Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION Deputy Sheriffs, under general supervision at the higher level (Deputy Sheriff II), and close supervision at the lower level (Deputy Sheriff I), supervise the work and conduct of inmates in a county correctional institution; patrol an area and enforce law and order; receive and serve civil process; maintain order in courts; assist with special investigations; investigates circumstances surrounding death in cases referred to Coroner; under direction, coordinate emergency services programs and volunteer activities; and do related work as required. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff II (#8604) . MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Either I Experience: The equivalent of eighteen months of experience as a Deputy Sheriff I in the Alameda County classified Service (non-classified includes District Attorney's Office, Hospital Authority, and the Consolidated Courts) and successful completion of a certified P.O.S.T. approved basic academy. Or II (1) A minimum of 36 months full-time experience as a Peace Officer in a California law enforcement agency (municipality, Sheriff, Highway Patrol) with a separation date within 12 months of application date. (2) Successful completion of a certified P.O.S.T. approved basic academy; (3) Attainment of a P.O.S.T. Basic Law Enforcement certificate. And License: Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's license. Age: Must be at least 21 years of age at time of appointment. Citizenship: If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff. Special Requirement: Federal law and County policy requires that certain positions in the class of Deputy Sheriff I/II which require a commercial driver's license and the performance of duties defined as \"safety sensitive\" are subject to post-offer/pre-placement/pre-duty, reasonable suspicion, post-accident, random, return-to-duty and follow-up drug and alcohol testing. A thorough background investigation will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Physical Requirement: Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. NOTE: The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Ability to: • Read, understand, interpret and apply department policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work • Write clear, concise comprehensive reports • Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events • Establish and maintain effective working relations with others • Exert physical force in the apprehension of suspects and in the saving of lives and property • Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations • Identify and address issues, problems, and opportunities • Interact with others in a way that gives them confidence in one's intentions • Work effectively even when under stress or experiencing conflict • Communicate clearly and concisely verbally and in writing • Perform routine clerical and record keeping duties • Quickly learn and apply the rules, procedures, laws and regulations relevant to the work EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A Physical Abilities Test (Qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 3) An Oral Examination which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 4) A thorough Background Investigation and Psychological Examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualification: Continuous PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/28/2020 Continuous: We will accept applications during thisperiod . All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. This is a new continuous examination. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to the examination score. Saturday, January 30, 2021: Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week of March 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). IMPORTANT: All qualifying candidates will receive an email notification at least 10 days prior to the scheduled exam. Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to*: For your Health & Well-Being Medical - HMO & PPO Plans Dental - HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Catastrophic Sick Leave Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1 st United Services Credit Union *Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the benefits offered and can be subject to change. Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Alameda County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to report to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Introduction NOW OFFERING $15,000 HIRING BONUS* *Effective August 9, 2020, paid incrementally over 4 years THIS IS A NEWCONTINUOUSEXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to examination score. Supplemental Questionnaire: A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted on-line. This is a continuous filing exam with filing deadlines on thefirst Friday of each month. The next filing deadlines are on the following dates at 5:00 PM: December 4, 2020 January 4, 2021 (January 1, 2021 HOLIDAY) February 5, 2021 WOMEN, MINORITIES, AND MILITARY VETERANS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Veterans who pass the examination process and provide a DD214 that meets the County's criteria will receive additional points added to their final overall score. ***If you have previously applied or started an application for the Deputy Sheriff II (Lateral),Examination #20-8604-01, to reapply for this recruitment, please contact the examination analyst, Elaine Lemi, at elaine.lemi@acgov.org to have your previous application released back to you.*** Please read the announcement in its entirety for important dates and information. DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE ALAMEDA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE The Alameda County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) for its law enforcement services, its Regional Training Center, and its Dispatch Unit; the American Correctional Association (ACA) for its Detentions and Corrections Division; the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors Laboratory Accreditation Board for its Crime Lab; the Bomb Squad Commanders Advisory Board for its Explosive Ordinance Unit. Additionally, the agency's health care provider, Well Path, has experience working with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The Sheriff's Office has a currentbudget of approximately $444 million and has over 1600 authorized positions, including in excess of 1000 sworn personnel. The agency's Chief Executive Officer is Sheriff / Coroner Gregory J. Ahern, who is assisted in the operation of the agency by Undersheriff Richard T. Lucia, Assistant Sheriff's Casey Nice and Tom Madigan. The Sheriff of Alameda County is responsible for a vast array of tasks and duties, including the following: Providing security to the Consolidated Superior Courts Operating the Coroner's Bureau Operating a full service criminalistics laboratory Performing Civil Process Operating a County Jail (Santa Rita) Operating the County Office of Emergency Services Providing patrol and investigative services to the unincorporated areas of Alameda County Pursuant to contractual agreements, providing patrol and investigative services to the City of Dublin, Peralta Community College District, Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, Oakland International Airport, Highland County Hospital, Social Services, and to the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District Conducting a basic academy pursuant to Police Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.) requirements. [ Sheriff's Academy Web Site ] Providing Fish and Game enforcement Project Director of the Narcotics Task Force Serving as the Executive Director of the Sexual Assault Felony Enforcement (SAFE) Task Force Operating a Marine Patrol Unit in the San Francisco Bay waters. For more detailed information about the agency, visit: Alameda County Sheriff's Office THE POSITION Deputy Sheriffs, under general supervision at the higher level (Deputy Sheriff II), and close supervision at the lower level (Deputy Sheriff I), supervise the work and conduct of inmates in a county correctional institution; patrol an area and enforce law and order; receive and serve civil process; maintain order in courts; assist with special investigations; investigates circumstances surrounding death in cases referred to Coroner; under direction, coordinate emergency services programs and volunteer activities; and do related work as required. For more detailed information about the job classification, visit: Deputy Sheriff II (#8604) . MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Either I Experience: The equivalent of eighteen months of experience as a Deputy Sheriff I in the Alameda County classified Service (non-classified includes District Attorney's Office, Hospital Authority, and the Consolidated Courts) and successful completion of a certified P.O.S.T. approved basic academy. Or II (1) A minimum of 36 months full-time experience as a Peace Officer in a California law enforcement agency (municipality, Sheriff, Highway Patrol) with a separation date within 12 months of application date. (2) Successful completion of a certified P.O.S.T. approved basic academy; (3) Attainment of a P.O.S.T. Basic Law Enforcement certificate. And License: Valid California State Motor Vehicle Operator's license. Age: Must be at least 21 years of age at time of appointment. Citizenship: If not a citizen of the United States, must have filed for citizenship at least one year before applying for Deputy Sheriff. Special Requirement: Federal law and County policy requires that certain positions in the class of Deputy Sheriff I/II which require a commercial driver's license and the performance of duties defined as \"safety sensitive\" are subject to post-offer/pre-placement/pre-duty, reasonable suspicion, post-accident, random, return-to-duty and follow-up drug and alcohol testing. A thorough background investigation will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. Physical Requirement: Hearing must be normal in each ear. Using both eyes, must have far vision of at least 20/100 without glasses, correctable to 20/20 with glasses. Must be free from color blindness and permanent abnormality in either eye. These standards are confined to far vision and color vision. There are additional standards which may apply to other possible specific visual deficiencies. Applicants must be in excellent physical condition with above average strength, endurance and agility, and must meet Commission approved safety member physical standards. NOTE: The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Ability to: • Read, understand, interpret and apply department policies, rules, laws, and ordinances pertaining to law enforcement work • Write clear, concise comprehensive reports • Accurately observe and remember names, faces, numbers, and events • Establish and maintain effective working relations with others • Exert physical force in the apprehension of suspects and in the saving of lives and property • Use good judgment in emergency or critical situations • Identify and address issues, problems, and opportunities • Interact with others in a way that gives them confidence in one's intentions • Work effectively even when under stress or experiencing conflict • Communicate clearly and concisely verbally and in writing • Perform routine clerical and record keeping duties • Quickly learn and apply the rules, procedures, laws and regulations relevant to the work EXAMINATION COMPONENTS THE EXAMINATION WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS: 1) A review of candidates' applications and supplemental questionnaire to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A Physical Abilities Test (Qualifying only). Candidates passing this test will move on to the next step in the examination process. 3) An Oral Examination which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. 4) A thorough Background Investigation and Psychological Examination will be made of all prospective Deputy Sheriffs. A record of any felony conviction will result in disqualification. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. For more information on the Civil Service Selection process, please visit the \"What You Need to Know\" section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs . Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via e-mail with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Continuous Review of Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires for Minimum Qualification: Continuous PRACTICE Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, January 30, 2021 Physical Abilities Test (PAT) *Saturday, February 27, 2021 Oral Exam *Week of March 8, 2021 *Updated 10/28/2020 Continuous: We will accept applications during thisperiod . All applications must be completed according to the instructions. Incomplete applications, and resumes in lieu of properly completed applications, will not be considered. Applications and supplemental questionnaires will only be accepted electronically,via the County's online application system by 5pm on the deadline for filing. Please note thatcompletingan application template is not the same as submitting an application for this position. To apply for the position, select the \"Click Here to Apply\" link on the announcement. This is a new continuous examination. This examination may be reopened as necessary and the names of additional candidates merged onto the existing list according to the examination score. Saturday, January 30, 2021: Practice PhysicalAbilities Test. Although not a test component or part of the selection plan, a practice PAT will be held at the Regional Training Center track located at 6289 Madigan Road in Dublin, CA. Sheriff's Office staff will be available to provide assistance and guidance to candidates on all aspects of the PAT. Candidates who choose to participate in the practice should wear athletic clothing and arrive at the bleachers any timebetween the hours of 8am - 5pm. Participation in the practice PAT does not guarantee continued participation in the exam process. Guidance and assistance is not provided on the day of the actual PAT. Saturday, February 27, 2021:PhysicalAbilities Test (Qualifying only) to assess candidates' abilities to perform the physical aspects of law enforcement work. Those passing the PAT will be scheduled for the Oral Board Interview. We are not accepting previous Work Sample Test Battery (WSTB) scores in lieu of the scheduled PAT. Qualifying candidates must participate and successfully pass the PAT to move forward in the recruitment process. Week of March 8, 2021:Oral Board Interviews (weighted as 100% of the candidate's score) will consist of an evaluation conducted by an interview panel (the oral exam may include situational exercises). IMPORTANT: All qualifying candidates will receive an email notification at least 10 days prior to the scheduled exam. Veterans' Preference Each applicant entitled to veterans' preference as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules who has served in the armed forces of the United States during a war or campaign as defined by Section 1897 of the Government Code of the State of California and who has been discharged or released under honorable conditions and wishes to claim such preference shall do so by presenting proof of his/her honorable discharge (DD214) from the armed forces of the United States, showing the dates of his/her military service. Each applicant entitled to Disabled Veterans' points as provided in the Alameda County Civil Service Rules, who wishes to claim such preference shall additionally present proof of military-connected disability from the United States Veterans Administration. U.S. military veterans (including applicants already employed by the County of Alameda) intending to claim preferential consideration pursuant to Alameda County Civil Service Rules must present proof of honorable discharge or release (DD Form 214) concurrent with this application but in no event later than the final step in the recruitment process (usually the oral interview.) To claim veteran's preference, proof must be presented during check in on the date of the applicant's scheduled oral interview. Failure to submit proof by this date will forfeit the applicant's claim to veterans' preference in such examination. Candidates will be required to presenta valid photoI.D. for admittance to each phase of the examination, i.e., driver's license, military I.D., Passport, or California Department of Motor Vehicle's I.D. card. *WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN* Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County's Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statues. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement before the last date of filing. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website, www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to*: For your Health & Well-Being Medical - HMO & PPO Plans Dental - HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Catastrophic Sick Leave Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1 st United Services Credit Union *Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the benefits offered and can be subject to change. Conclusion All notices related to County recruitments for which you have applied will be sent/delivered via email. Please add @jobaps.com, @acgov.org and Noreply@jobaps.com as accepted addresses to any email blocking or spam filtering program you may use. If you do not do this, your email blocking or spam filtering program may block receipt of the notices regarding your application for recruitments. You are also strongly advised to regularly log into your County of Alameda online application account to check for notices that may have been sent to you. All email notices that will be sent to you will also be kept in your personal online application account. You will be able to view all of your notices in your online application account by clicking on the \"My applications\" button on the Current Job Openings page and clicking on the link 'last notice sent' for the respective recruitment. Please take the steps recommended above to ensure you do not miss any notices about a recruitment for which you have applied. The County of Alameda is not responsible for notices that are not read, received or accessed by any applicant for a County recruitment. NOTE: All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box Noreply@jobaps.com are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. All notices are generated through an automated email notification system. Replies to the email box are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions please go to our website at www.acgov.org/hrs . You may also contact the Human Resources Analyst listed on the job announcement for the recruitment for which you have applied. Elaine Lemi | Human Resources Analyst Human Resource Services, County of Alameda (510) 272-6434 | elaine.lemi@acgov.org DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Alameda County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to report to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Alameda County has a diverse workforce, that is representative of the communities we serve and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment are based on merit, competence, performance and business need. Alameda County does not discriminate in employment on the basis of, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors protected under federal, state and local law. Alameda County celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDeputy Executive Officer / Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion OfficerSouth Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD) 21865 Copley Dr, Diamond Bar, CA 91765, USASouth Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD) Diamond Bar, CA Deputy Executive Officer / Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer Annual salary: $186,205 The District offers an excellent benefits package. Application deadline: Open until filled. First resume review: Monday, November 23, 2020 Reporting to the Executive Officer, and working in collaboration with Executive Management, the South Coast AQMD Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Advisory (IDEA) Panel, and other stakeholders, the DEIO will develop strategies which integrate diversity and inclusion into South Coast AQMD initiatives and programs, will review and evaluate organization policies and procedures to ensure the acknowledgement and implementation of diversity and inclusion issues and needs are met, and oversee equal employment opportunity. This position will also coordinate with, and provide support to, other South Coast AQMD departments and external organizations involved in Environmental Justice and other related diversity and inclusion initiatives. The DEIO will be designated as South Coast AQMD’s key representative/liaison to the Government Alliance on Race and Equity (GARE) project, a national network of jurisdictions at the forefront of local and regional government’s work to advance racial equity. South Coast Air Quality Management District (South Coast AQMD) is one of the largest and most technologically sophisticated environmental regulatory agencies in the nation. The South Coast AQMD is dedicated to protecting and improving air quality in the many diverse communities and neighborhoods in the South Coast Air Basin and addressing environmental justice impacts of air pollution. We serve a four-county region that includes all of Orange County, and parts of Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino counties, home to more than 17 million people. To be considered, please submit a cover letter, list of six work-related references, and resume to: https://executivesearch.cpshr.us/JobDetail?ID=1707 Josh Jones CPS HR Consulting Ph: 916 263-1401 To view an online brochure for this position visit: executivesearch.cpshr.us South Coast Air Quality Management District website: www.aqmd.gov The South Coast Air Quality Management District is an equal opportunity employer.Dec 21, 2020Full TimeSouth Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD) Diamond Bar, CA Deputy Executive Officer / Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer Annual salary: $186,205 The District offers an excellent benefits package. Application deadline: Open until filled. First resume review: Monday, November 23, 2020 Reporting to the Executive Officer, and working in collaboration with Executive Management, the South Coast AQMD Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Advisory (IDEA) Panel, and other stakeholders, the DEIO will develop strategies which integrate diversity and inclusion into South Coast AQMD initiatives and programs, will review and evaluate organization policies and procedures to ensure the acknowledgement and implementation of diversity and inclusion issues and needs are met, and oversee equal employment opportunity. This position will also coordinate with, and provide support to, other South Coast AQMD departments and external organizations involved in Environmental Justice and other related diversity and inclusion initiatives. The DEIO will be designated as South Coast AQMD’s key representative/liaison to the Government Alliance on Race and Equity (GARE) project, a national network of jurisdictions at the forefront of local and regional government’s work to advance racial equity. South Coast Air Quality Management District (South Coast AQMD) is one of the largest and most technologically sophisticated environmental regulatory agencies in the nation. The South Coast AQMD is dedicated to protecting and improving air quality in the many diverse communities and neighborhoods in the South Coast Air Basin and addressing environmental justice impacts of air pollution. We serve a four-county region that includes all of Orange County, and parts of Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino counties, home to more than 17 million people. To be considered, please submit a cover letter, list of six work-related references, and resume to: https://executivesearch.cpshr.us/JobDetail?ID=1707 Josh Jones CPS HR Consulting Ph: 916 263-1401 To view an online brochure for this position visit: executivesearch.cpshr.us South Coast Air Quality Management District website: www.aqmd.gov The South Coast Air Quality Management District is an equal opportunity employer.CHIEF DEPUTY, INSPECTOR GENERALLOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesThe County of Los Angeles Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors is conducting a search for a Chief Deputy, Inspector General who provides recommendations and directly reports to the Inspector General. The Chief Deputy, Inspector General manages Assistant Inspector Generals and oversees the operation of their branches in the Office of the Inspector General. This is an unclassified (at-will) position. Interested individuals must apply as directed in the brochure. To download the brochure, click on the link below: https://bit.ly/3r9nFQr To view and print a copy of the brochure for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES IS AN ACTIVE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 16, 2021Full TimeThe County of Los Angeles Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors is conducting a search for a Chief Deputy, Inspector General who provides recommendations and directly reports to the Inspector General. The Chief Deputy, Inspector General manages Assistant Inspector Generals and oversees the operation of their branches in the Office of the Inspector General. This is an unclassified (at-will) position. Interested individuals must apply as directed in the brochure. To download the brochure, click on the link below: https://bit.ly/3r9nFQr To view and print a copy of the brochure for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES IS AN ACTIVE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Closing Date/Time: ContinuousChief Deputy, Medical Examiner-CoronerLOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesThe Chief Deputy Director, Medical Examiner-Coroner reports directly to the Chief Medical Examiner-Coroner, and exercises executive and administrative responsibility in planning, organizing, and directing the administrative operations of the Department. The Chief Deputy is responsible for the overall coordination and management of the operations bureaus that provide services for the Department, with particular emphasis and responsibility for duties by the Administrative Services Bureau, Public Services Bureau, and Operations Bureau. This is an unclassified position. Interested individuals must apply as directed in the brochure found here: https://bit.ly/34XpaIm . To view and print a copy of the announcement for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES IS AN ACTIVE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimeThe Chief Deputy Director, Medical Examiner-Coroner reports directly to the Chief Medical Examiner-Coroner, and exercises executive and administrative responsibility in planning, organizing, and directing the administrative operations of the Department. The Chief Deputy is responsible for the overall coordination and management of the operations bureaus that provide services for the Department, with particular emphasis and responsibility for duties by the Administrative Services Bureau, Public Services Bureau, and Operations Bureau. This is an unclassified position. Interested individuals must apply as directed in the brochure found here: https://bit.ly/34XpaIm . To view and print a copy of the announcement for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES IS AN ACTIVE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Closing Date/Time:Deputy Director, Transportation AuthoritySMCTD - SAN MATEO COUNTY TRANSIT DISTRICT San Mateo, CA, USAThe San Mateo County Transit District serves nearly 100,000 customers each weekday on its SamTrans buses, Redi-Wheel paratransit vehicles, Caltrain commuter rail cars and shuttles, as well as a robust capital program. The Transit District, which is in the heart of the San Francisco Bay Area, also is the managing agency for the San Mateo County Transportation Authority. Staff enjoys a dynamic organization that fosters personal development and professional advancement of its staff. The Transit District's core values include integrity, customer focus, respect, quality, teamwork, leadership and accountability. Excellent benefits are provided. DIVISION Planning, Grants, and Transportation Authority EMPLOYMENT TYPE Exempt APPLICATION DEADLINE Open Until Filled (1 st Cutoff - Thursday, December 31, 2020) Interviews scheduled for week of January 11, 2021 Other Information Located in San Carlos, CA JOB SUMMARY The Deputy Director, Transportation Authority Program reports to the Director, Transportation Authority Program and is responsible for directing activities related to Measure A and W Programs, focusing on the delivery of the Short Range Highway program for the San Mateo County Transportation Authority. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Sufficient education, training and experience to demonstrate the knowledge and ability to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. Development of the required knowledge and abilities is typically obtained through but not limited to: Bachelor's degree in Planning, Civil Engineering, Public Administration or a related field. Six (6) years full-time professional experience working in transportation planning, design and implementation. Three (3) years of experience in supervising professional and technical staff. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Registration as a professional civil engineer in the State of California. Familiar with principles of transportation planning engineering and project delivery. Knowledge of Caltrans project development procedures. Effective communication skills both orally and written. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES Assist in the development, management and project administration of the TA program. Oversee the planning, environmental, engineering design and construction/implementation of a wide array of transportation projects and programs covered under Measure A and W Programs. Responsible for the implementation of projects identified in the Short Range Highway Plan, as well as other projects funded from grants or other outside sources. Develop, implement and monitor internal controls for projects and programs to ensure alignment with the goals and core principles of the Measure A and W Programs respectively. Partner with the San Mateo County Express Lanes Joint Powers Authority (SMCEL-JPA) on the expansion and build out of the express lanes network in San Mateo County, in addition to a variety of stakeholders such as the California Department of Transportation, the City/County Association of Government, and the County's congestion management agency. Report to the TA Board, Executive Committee and members of the public on the status of transportation projects and programs. Supervise staff. Hire, mentor and take appropriate corrective and/or disciplinary action. Ensure EEO and affirmative action policies and procedures are followed. Participate in selection, coordinates staff training and professional development, Establishes performance objectives, monitor and evaluate employee performance. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Develop scope of work and associated cost and schedule estimates for a wide array of highway project development deliverables (e.g. project initiation documents, environmental, design and construct administration). Evaluate projects that come before the TA for funding consideration and manage the development of additional funding sources. Analyze transportation related policies and proposed legislation and recommend position to be taken by the TA Board. Prepare, negotiate and execute consultant service contracts including invoice processing supporting the implementation of the TA Program. Manage, track and develop progress reports for the capital program. Consult with local agencies/project sponsors on the eligibility of expenditures. Negotiate funding and cooperative agreements and ensure the recipients of funds comply with Authority policies and procedures. Evaluate job performance of staff which also includes the professional development of staff through the identification of on-the-job and other professional development opportunities. Perform all job duties and responsibilities in a safe manner to protect one's self, fellow employees and the public from injury or harm. Promote safety awareness and follow safety procedures in an effort to reduce or eliminate accidents. Perform other duties as assigned. How To Apply To apply, please visit the www.smctd.com/jobs.html . Complete an online employment application by 11:59 pm on Thursday, December 31, 2020. A resume will not be accepted in lieu of the application and supplemental questionnaire. Incomplete applications will not be considered. The Human Resources Department will make reasonable efforts in the recruitment/examination process to accommodate applicants with disabilities upon request. If you have a need for an accommodation, please contact the Human Resources Department at (650) 508-6308. San Mateo County Transit District celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment. We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, Women, Persons with Disabilities and Veterans are encourage to apply. PAY RANGE $2,342 - $3,513 ($121,792 $182,688 Estimated Annual) CURRENT EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS Holidays: Seven paid holidays, plus up to four floating holidays per year Time Off: Paid Time Off: up to 26 days per year Cafeteria Plans: Medical, dental, vision care, group life insurance and more Transportation: Free Bus Transportation for employees and qualified dependents Pension: Social Security and California Public Employees Retirement Systems (CalPERS) Classic Members - 2% @ 60 benefit formula, 3 year average of highest compensation New Members - 2% @ 62 benefit formula, 3 year average of highest compensationJan 07, 2021Full TimeThe San Mateo County Transit District serves nearly 100,000 customers each weekday on its SamTrans buses, Redi-Wheel paratransit vehicles, Caltrain commuter rail cars and shuttles, as well as a robust capital program. The Transit District, which is in the heart of the San Francisco Bay Area, also is the managing agency for the San Mateo County Transportation Authority. Staff enjoys a dynamic organization that fosters personal development and professional advancement of its staff. The Transit District's core values include integrity, customer focus, respect, quality, teamwork, leadership and accountability. Excellent benefits are provided. DIVISION Planning, Grants, and Transportation Authority EMPLOYMENT TYPE Exempt APPLICATION DEADLINE Open Until Filled (1 st Cutoff - Thursday, December 31, 2020) Interviews scheduled for week of January 11, 2021 Other Information Located in San Carlos, CA JOB SUMMARY The Deputy Director, Transportation Authority Program reports to the Director, Transportation Authority Program and is responsible for directing activities related to Measure A and W Programs, focusing on the delivery of the Short Range Highway program for the San Mateo County Transportation Authority. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Sufficient education, training and experience to demonstrate the knowledge and ability to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. Development of the required knowledge and abilities is typically obtained through but not limited to: Bachelor's degree in Planning, Civil Engineering, Public Administration or a related field. Six (6) years full-time professional experience working in transportation planning, design and implementation. Three (3) years of experience in supervising professional and technical staff. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Registration as a professional civil engineer in the State of California. Familiar with principles of transportation planning engineering and project delivery. Knowledge of Caltrans project development procedures. Effective communication skills both orally and written. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES Assist in the development, management and project administration of the TA program. Oversee the planning, environmental, engineering design and construction/implementation of a wide array of transportation projects and programs covered under Measure A and W Programs. Responsible for the implementation of projects identified in the Short Range Highway Plan, as well as other projects funded from grants or other outside sources. Develop, implement and monitor internal controls for projects and programs to ensure alignment with the goals and core principles of the Measure A and W Programs respectively. Partner with the San Mateo County Express Lanes Joint Powers Authority (SMCEL-JPA) on the expansion and build out of the express lanes network in San Mateo County, in addition to a variety of stakeholders such as the California Department of Transportation, the City/County Association of Government, and the County's congestion management agency. Report to the TA Board, Executive Committee and members of the public on the status of transportation projects and programs. Supervise staff. Hire, mentor and take appropriate corrective and/or disciplinary action. Ensure EEO and affirmative action policies and procedures are followed. Participate in selection, coordinates staff training and professional development, Establishes performance objectives, monitor and evaluate employee performance. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Develop scope of work and associated cost and schedule estimates for a wide array of highway project development deliverables (e.g. project initiation documents, environmental, design and construct administration). Evaluate projects that come before the TA for funding consideration and manage the development of additional funding sources. Analyze transportation related policies and proposed legislation and recommend position to be taken by the TA Board. Prepare, negotiate and execute consultant service contracts including invoice processing supporting the implementation of the TA Program. Manage, track and develop progress reports for the capital program. Consult with local agencies/project sponsors on the eligibility of expenditures. Negotiate funding and cooperative agreements and ensure the recipients of funds comply with Authority policies and procedures. Evaluate job performance of staff which also includes the professional development of staff through the identification of on-the-job and other professional development opportunities. Perform all job duties and responsibilities in a safe manner to protect one's self, fellow employees and the public from injury or harm. Promote safety awareness and follow safety procedures in an effort to reduce or eliminate accidents. Perform other duties as assigned. How To Apply To apply, please visit the www.smctd.com/jobs.html . Complete an online employment application by 11:59 pm on Thursday, December 31, 2020. A resume will not be accepted in lieu of the application and supplemental questionnaire. Incomplete applications will not be considered. The Human Resources Department will make reasonable efforts in the recruitment/examination process to accommodate applicants with disabilities upon request. If you have a need for an accommodation, please contact the Human Resources Department at (650) 508-6308. San Mateo County Transit District celebrates diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive, and welcoming workplace environment. We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, Women, Persons with Disabilities and Veterans are encourage to apply. PAY RANGE $2,342 - $3,513 ($121,792 $182,688 Estimated Annual) CURRENT EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS Holidays: Seven paid holidays, plus up to four floating holidays per year Time Off: Paid Time Off: up to 26 days per year Cafeteria Plans: Medical, dental, vision care, group life insurance and more Transportation: Free Bus Transportation for employees and qualified dependents Pension: Social Security and California Public Employees Retirement Systems (CalPERS) Classic Members - 2% @ 60 benefit formula, 3 year average of highest compensation New Members - 2% @ 62 benefit formula, 3 year average of highest compensationEconomic Development Manager - ExemptContra Costa County, CA Martinez, California, United StatesThe Position Why join the Contra Costa Department of Conservation and Development? The Department of Conservation and Development (DCD) is seeking to fill one Economic Development Manager - Exempt vacancy. The selected candidate will develop, plan, organize and direct the activities and operations of the County's Economic Development Program including business retention, expansion, attraction, and creation efforts to improve the economic well-being of the County and its residents, with primary focus on unincorporated areas. As well as, coordinate assigned activities with other divisions, departments, outside agencies and the general public. DCD's leadership team is composed of a Director, and within DCD there are three (3) divisions under a Deputy Director: 1) Current Planning; 2) Policy Planning and 3) Building Inspection Services. Additionally, there are 2 working sections: 1) the Housing/CDBG/Federal Programs/Economic Development Section under an Assistant Deputy Director and 2) the Business Operations Section which provides administrative and support services to the Department under the Land Information Business Operations Manager. DCD's main facility and the County's Application and Permit Center is located in Martinez, CA. DCD also has a satellite office in Lafayette serving the Lafayette, Orinda, and Moraga communities. DCD has a total staffing of approximately 191 positions serving the entire County of Contra Costa. We are looking for someone who is: Ethical. You will be a trusted liaison to businesses and cities. Customer service oriented. You will have a significant role in building a coalition of local governments and other stakeholders to create a new framework for regional cooperation. Responsive. You will build relationships with multiple stakeholders that will count on you for guidance. Flexible! You should be willing to adjust or change course as needed to meet goals. A subject-matter expert. You should serve as a resource for your team and the department. Collegial. You will have a shared responsibility for delivering results on your team. Dynamic. You will need to maintain a positive attitude amid change. What you will typically be responsible for: Advising the DCD Director, Executive Team and the County Board of Supervisors on matters and issues related to economic development and related policies, initiatives, and procedures. Developing, leading, and/or participating in multi-department collaborations related to economic development. Representing the County at public meetings and events. Providing leadership to build consensus and effectively implement the County's economic development initiatives. Conducting research and analyzing data. Writing effective staff reports and internal documents to support economic development goals. Giving useful, dynamic presentations to a variety of groups, from elected officials to appointed boards to community organizations. Quickly adapting recommendations to changing conditions. A few reasons you might love this job: County-level work is a broader landscape than just one city or agency You will have the opportunity to meet and connect with a wide variety of officials DCD employees are a fun, hardworking group You will do meaningful work to support economic growth for a region You will have the ability to shape policy A few challenges you might face in this job : This is a very large organization with bureaucratic procedures There is no clear authority to implement countywide directives You may need to turn down funding requests It will take time to get to know all the stakeholders You may need to pivot to COVID-19 economic recovery quickly Competencies Required: Professional & Technical Expertise: Applying technical subject matter to the job Project Management: Ensuring that projects are on-time, on-budget, and achieve their objectives Legal & Regulatory Navigation: Understanding, interpreting, and ensuring compliance with laws and regulations Leadership: Guiding and encouraging others to accomplish a common goal Strategic Thinking & Perspective: Evaluating immediate actions in context of achieving long range objective Industry Monitoring: Grasping the external political, economic, competitive, and social factors affecting the industry Using Technology: Working with electronic hardware and software applications Displaying Ownership and Accountability: Holding self and others accountable for measurable high-quality, timely, and cost-effective results Political & Organizational Savvy: Working skillfully with politics, procedures, and protocols across organizational levels and boundaries Oral Communication: Engaging effectively in dialogue Presentation Skill: Formally delivering information to groups Writing: Communicating effectively in writing Building & Maintaining Relationships: Establishing rapport and maintaining mutually productive relationships You can read the complete job description at: www.cccounty.us/hr . Job Brochure: https://cccounty-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/alycia_leach_hrd_cccounty_us/Ed5aRJHpZf1LvIjmGfq4iUcB9jWW8-GKRjg1ZpmWPIEWWg?e=odP1C5 Minimum Qualifications License Required: Possession of a valid California motor vehicle operator's license as required to perform the essential job functions of the position. Out of state valid motor vehicle operator's license will be accepted during the application process. Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university which directly relates to the knowledge and abilities listed; typically business administration or public administration, planning, economics, community or economic development, finance, and/or other related courses. Experience : Six (6) years of full time experience, two (2) years of which must be in a managerial capacity, performing economic development, urban or regional planning, or real estate development. Desirable Qualifications: Master's degree in public policy, city planning, business administration, or similar field Experience working for a California county or State of California in economic development Ability to communicate in a language other than English commonly spoken in Contra Costa County, such as Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese, Farsi/Dari, Russian, or Vietnamese Selection Process Application Filing and Evaluation: Applications will be evaluated to determine which candidates will move forward in the next phase of the recruitment process. Hiring Interviews: Tentatively scheduled for February 2021. Meeting the minimum qualifications does not guarantee an invitation to participate in the selection process. The Human Resources Department may change the examination steps noted above in accordance with the Personnel Management Regulations and accepted selection practices. CONVICTION HISTORY After you receive a conditional job offer, you will be fingerprinted, and your fingerprints will be sent to the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The resulting report of your conviction history (if any) will be used to determine whether the nature of your conviction conflicts with the specific duties and responsibilities of the job for which you have received a conditional job offer. If a conflict exists, you will be asked to present any evidence of rehabilitation that may mitigate the conflict, except when federal or state regulations bar employment in specific circumstances. Having a conviction history does not automatically preclude you from a job with Contra Costa County. If you accept a conditional job offer, the Human Resources department will contact you to schedule a fingerprinting appointment. DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Contra Costa County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to complete all Disaster Service Worker-related training as assigned, and to return to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY It is the policy of Contra Costa County to consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identify, gender expression, marital status, ancestry, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, or other protected category under the law.Jan 19, 2021Full TimeThe Position Why join the Contra Costa Department of Conservation and Development? The Department of Conservation and Development (DCD) is seeking to fill one Economic Development Manager - Exempt vacancy. The selected candidate will develop, plan, organize and direct the activities and operations of the County's Economic Development Program including business retention, expansion, attraction, and creation efforts to improve the economic well-being of the County and its residents, with primary focus on unincorporated areas. As well as, coordinate assigned activities with other divisions, departments, outside agencies and the general public. DCD's leadership team is composed of a Director, and within DCD there are three (3) divisions under a Deputy Director: 1) Current Planning; 2) Policy Planning and 3) Building Inspection Services. Additionally, there are 2 working sections: 1) the Housing/CDBG/Federal Programs/Economic Development Section under an Assistant Deputy Director and 2) the Business Operations Section which provides administrative and support services to the Department under the Land Information Business Operations Manager. DCD's main facility and the County's Application and Permit Center is located in Martinez, CA. DCD also has a satellite office in Lafayette serving the Lafayette, Orinda, and Moraga communities. DCD has a total staffing of approximately 191 positions serving the entire County of Contra Costa. We are looking for someone who is: Ethical. You will be a trusted liaison to businesses and cities. Customer service oriented. You will have a significant role in building a coalition of local governments and other stakeholders to create a new framework for regional cooperation. Responsive. You will build relationships with multiple stakeholders that will count on you for guidance. Flexible! You should be willing to adjust or change course as needed to meet goals. A subject-matter expert. You should serve as a resource for your team and the department. Collegial. You will have a shared responsibility for delivering results on your team. Dynamic. You will need to maintain a positive attitude amid change. What you will typically be responsible for: Advising the DCD Director, Executive Team and the County Board of Supervisors on matters and issues related to economic development and related policies, initiatives, and procedures. Developing, leading, and/or participating in multi-department collaborations related to economic development. Representing the County at public meetings and events. Providing leadership to build consensus and effectively implement the County's economic development initiatives. Conducting research and analyzing data. Writing effective staff reports and internal documents to support economic development goals. Giving useful, dynamic presentations to a variety of groups, from elected officials to appointed boards to community organizations. Quickly adapting recommendations to changing conditions. A few reasons you might love this job: County-level work is a broader landscape than just one city or agency You will have the opportunity to meet and connect with a wide variety of officials DCD employees are a fun, hardworking group You will do meaningful work to support economic growth for a region You will have the ability to shape policy A few challenges you might face in this job : This is a very large organization with bureaucratic procedures There is no clear authority to implement countywide directives You may need to turn down funding requests It will take time to get to know all the stakeholders You may need to pivot to COVID-19 economic recovery quickly Competencies Required: Professional & Technical Expertise: Applying technical subject matter to the job Project Management: Ensuring that projects are on-time, on-budget, and achieve their objectives Legal & Regulatory Navigation: Understanding, interpreting, and ensuring compliance with laws and regulations Leadership: Guiding and encouraging others to accomplish a common goal Strategic Thinking & Perspective: Evaluating immediate actions in context of achieving long range objective Industry Monitoring: Grasping the external political, economic, competitive, and social factors affecting the industry Using Technology: Working with electronic hardware and software applications Displaying Ownership and Accountability: Holding self and others accountable for measurable high-quality, timely, and cost-effective results Political & Organizational Savvy: Working skillfully with politics, procedures, and protocols across organizational levels and boundaries Oral Communication: Engaging effectively in dialogue Presentation Skill: Formally delivering information to groups Writing: Communicating effectively in writing Building & Maintaining Relationships: Establishing rapport and maintaining mutually productive relationships You can read the complete job description at: www.cccounty.us/hr . Job Brochure: https://cccounty-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/alycia_leach_hrd_cccounty_us/Ed5aRJHpZf1LvIjmGfq4iUcB9jWW8-GKRjg1ZpmWPIEWWg?e=odP1C5 Minimum Qualifications License Required: Possession of a valid California motor vehicle operator's license as required to perform the essential job functions of the position. Out of state valid motor vehicle operator's license will be accepted during the application process. Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university which directly relates to the knowledge and abilities listed; typically business administration or public administration, planning, economics, community or economic development, finance, and/or other related courses. Experience : Six (6) years of full time experience, two (2) years of which must be in a managerial capacity, performing economic development, urban or regional planning, or real estate development. Desirable Qualifications: Master's degree in public policy, city planning, business administration, or similar field Experience working for a California county or State of California in economic development Ability to communicate in a language other than English commonly spoken in Contra Costa County, such as Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese, Farsi/Dari, Russian, or Vietnamese Selection Process Application Filing and Evaluation: Applications will be evaluated to determine which candidates will move forward in the next phase of the recruitment process. Hiring Interviews: Tentatively scheduled for February 2021. Meeting the minimum qualifications does not guarantee an invitation to participate in the selection process. The Human Resources Department may change the examination steps noted above in accordance with the Personnel Management Regulations and accepted selection practices. CONVICTION HISTORY After you receive a conditional job offer, you will be fingerprinted, and your fingerprints will be sent to the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The resulting report of your conviction history (if any) will be used to determine whether the nature of your conviction conflicts with the specific duties and responsibilities of the job for which you have received a conditional job offer. If a conflict exists, you will be asked to present any evidence of rehabilitation that may mitigate the conflict, except when federal or state regulations bar employment in specific circumstances. Having a conviction history does not automatically preclude you from a job with Contra Costa County. If you accept a conditional job offer, the Human Resources department will contact you to schedule a fingerprinting appointment. DISASTER SERVICE WORKER All Contra Costa County employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law. Employment with the County requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to complete all Disaster Service Worker-related training as assigned, and to return to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY It is the policy of Contra Costa County to consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identify, gender expression, marital status, ancestry, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, or other protected category under the law.Community Development and Housing Project Manager IISAN BERNARDINO COUNTY, CA San Bernardino, California, United StatesThe Job Community Development and Housing Agency is recruiting for a Community Development and Housing Project Manager II who will identify potential qualifying projects and development partners, as well as managing the project from inception to completion. This position will work closely with other project managers, senior housing project manager, deputy director and the director to promote, preserve and develop affordable housing. In conjunction with the Deputy Executive Officer and Director, the position is responsible for overseeing all stages of affordable housing development and ensures that objectives of each project are accomplished within prescribed time frames and funding parameters. For more detailed information, review the Community Development and Housing Project Manager II job description. THE AGENCY The Agency provides services to all cities and private economic development organizations within the County. The Agency plays an important role in ensuring the County of San Bernardino is well positioned to support expected resident and business growth. They provide vital esources for residents and businesses and create a solid platform for investment. To learn more about the Agency and its role in supporting the County's Vision visit: Community Development and Housing Agency: www.sbcountyadvantage.com County Vision: http://cms.sbcounty.gov/cao-vision/home.aspx CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Background: Applicant must successfully pass a background check prior to appointment. Travel: Travel throughout the County will be required; a valid California Class C driver license is required at time of appointment; employees in this class may be required to use personal vehicles and show proof of automobile liability insurance. Minimum Requirements Education: Bachelor's degree in Public or Business Administration, Planning, Economic Development, Project Management, or closely relevant field. --AND-- Experience: Two (2) years of professional level experience working for a public or private agency with a primary focus on affordable housing. Experience must include all stages of affordable housing development including site research and acquisition, feasibility analysis, pre-development, design, construction, and transition to housing monitoring and federal compliance team. SUBSTITUTIONS: Two (2) additional years of qualifying experience may substitute for the Bachelor's Degree requirement, with possession of an Associate's Degree as noted above. Four (4) additional years of qualifying experience may substitute for the eduational requirement. Desired Qualifications The ideal background for this position consists of a combination of education and experience commensurate with its responsibilities; and includes a Bachelors Degree (or higher) in Public or Business Administration, Planning, Economic Development, Project Management, or a closely related field; and five (5) years of professional experience primarily focusing on affordable housing and labor compliance. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, demonstrating continued improvement and professional growth, while employing excellent written and verbal communication skills; and who exhibits superior personal interaction skills. Additionally, the ideal candidate will possess experience in the following: Reviewing/analyzing project budgets, sources and uses, pro formas and cashflows, forecasting utilization and trends, cost management, and tracking budgetary project performance (i.e. monitoring expenditures); Researching and identifying funding through state, federal and private sources for affordable housing and/or commercial/industrial developments (i.e. LIHTC, HUD, New Market Tax Credits, etc.); Developing grant proposal and contracts, creating fiscal reports, assessing project and/or developer risks, conducting onsite monitoring, participating in funding agency audits/monitoring, selected projects/developers through a competitive procurement process (i.e. NOFA or RFP/RFQ processes), and creatively applied for or attracted new funding on both commercial and/or affordable housing projects; Computer applications (Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook). Selection Process Application Procedure : To be considered for this excellent opportunity, please complete and submit the online employment application and supplemental questionnaire. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the application and/or supplemental questionnaire. Application Review : Apply asap as recruitment may close at anytime once a sufficient qualified applications are received. There will be a competitive evaluation of qualifications based on the information provided in the Application, as well as the Supplemental Questionnaire. You are encouraged to include detailed descriptions of your qualifying experience and skills, as only the most highly qualified applicants will be referred to the Department. In the event of a large number of qualified candidates, a written examination may be conducted. All communications regarding the recruitment process will be via e-mail. Applicants are encouraged to check their e-mail frequently to learn additional information regarding this recruitment. Check your GovernmentJobs account for notifications. Update your firewalls to allow e-mails from San Bernardino County through governmentjobs.com. Update your Spam, Junk, and Bulk settings to ensure it will not spam/block/filter communications from e-mail addresses with the following domain: \"@hr.sbcounty.gov\". Finally, be sure to keep your personal information updated. Taking these steps now will help ensure you receive all communications regarding this recruitment. To ensure timely and successful submission of your online application, please allow ample time to complete and submit your application before the posted filing deadline. Applicants will be automatically logged-out if they have not submitted the application and all required materials prior to the posted deadline. Once your application has been successfully submitted you will receive an onscreen confirmation and an email. We recommend that you save and/or print these for your records. Please note, if you do not receive an onscreen confirmation and an email acknowledging our receipt of your application we have not received your application. If you require technical assistance , please click HERE to review the Government Jobs online application guide , or contact their Toll-Free Applicant Support line at (855) 524-5627. Please note that Human Resources is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by the internet connection, computer or browser used to submit the application. Click HERE for important Applicant Information and the County Employment Process. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousJan 01, 2021Full TimeThe Job Community Development and Housing Agency is recruiting for a Community Development and Housing Project Manager II who will identify potential qualifying projects and development partners, as well as managing the project from inception to completion. This position will work closely with other project managers, senior housing project manager, deputy director and the director to promote, preserve and develop affordable housing. In conjunction with the Deputy Executive Officer and Director, the position is responsible for overseeing all stages of affordable housing development and ensures that objectives of each project are accomplished within prescribed time frames and funding parameters. For more detailed information, review the Community Development and Housing Project Manager II job description. THE AGENCY The Agency provides services to all cities and private economic development organizations within the County. The Agency plays an important role in ensuring the County of San Bernardino is well positioned to support expected resident and business growth. They provide vital esources for residents and businesses and create a solid platform for investment. To learn more about the Agency and its role in supporting the County's Vision visit: Community Development and Housing Agency: www.sbcountyadvantage.com County Vision: http://cms.sbcounty.gov/cao-vision/home.aspx CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Background: Applicant must successfully pass a background check prior to appointment. Travel: Travel throughout the County will be required; a valid California Class C driver license is required at time of appointment; employees in this class may be required to use personal vehicles and show proof of automobile liability insurance. Minimum Requirements Education: Bachelor's degree in Public or Business Administration, Planning, Economic Development, Project Management, or closely relevant field. --AND-- Experience: Two (2) years of professional level experience working for a public or private agency with a primary focus on affordable housing. Experience must include all stages of affordable housing development including site research and acquisition, feasibility analysis, pre-development, design, construction, and transition to housing monitoring and federal compliance team. SUBSTITUTIONS: Two (2) additional years of qualifying experience may substitute for the Bachelor's Degree requirement, with possession of an Associate's Degree as noted above. Four (4) additional years of qualifying experience may substitute for the eduational requirement. Desired Qualifications The ideal background for this position consists of a combination of education and experience commensurate with its responsibilities; and includes a Bachelors Degree (or higher) in Public or Business Administration, Planning, Economic Development, Project Management, or a closely related field; and five (5) years of professional experience primarily focusing on affordable housing and labor compliance. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, demonstrating continued improvement and professional growth, while employing excellent written and verbal communication skills; and who exhibits superior personal interaction skills. Additionally, the ideal candidate will possess experience in the following: Reviewing/analyzing project budgets, sources and uses, pro formas and cashflows, forecasting utilization and trends, cost management, and tracking budgetary project performance (i.e. monitoring expenditures); Researching and identifying funding through state, federal and private sources for affordable housing and/or commercial/industrial developments (i.e. LIHTC, HUD, New Market Tax Credits, etc.); Developing grant proposal and contracts, creating fiscal reports, assessing project and/or developer risks, conducting onsite monitoring, participating in funding agency audits/monitoring, selected projects/developers through a competitive procurement process (i.e. NOFA or RFP/RFQ processes), and creatively applied for or attracted new funding on both commercial and/or affordable housing projects; Computer applications (Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook). Selection Process Application Procedure : To be considered for this excellent opportunity, please complete and submit the online employment application and supplemental questionnaire. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the application and/or supplemental questionnaire. Application Review : Apply asap as recruitment may close at anytime once a sufficient qualified applications are received. There will be a competitive evaluation of qualifications based on the information provided in the Application, as well as the Supplemental Questionnaire. You are encouraged to include detailed descriptions of your qualifying experience and skills, as only the most highly qualified applicants will be referred to the Department. In the event of a large number of qualified candidates, a written examination may be conducted. All communications regarding the recruitment process will be via e-mail. Applicants are encouraged to check their e-mail frequently to learn additional information regarding this recruitment. Check your GovernmentJobs account for notifications. Update your firewalls to allow e-mails from San Bernardino County through governmentjobs.com. Update your Spam, Junk, and Bulk settings to ensure it will not spam/block/filter communications from e-mail addresses with the following domain: \"@hr.sbcounty.gov\". Finally, be sure to keep your personal information updated. Taking these steps now will help ensure you receive all communications regarding this recruitment. To ensure timely and successful submission of your online application, please allow ample time to complete and submit your application before the posted filing deadline. Applicants will be automatically logged-out if they have not submitted the application and all required materials prior to the posted deadline. Once your application has been successfully submitted you will receive an onscreen confirmation and an email. We recommend that you save and/or print these for your records. Please note, if you do not receive an onscreen confirmation and an email acknowledging our receipt of your application we have not received your application. If you require technical assistance , please click HERE to review the Government Jobs online application guide , or contact their Toll-Free Applicant Support line at (855) 524-5627. Please note that Human Resources is not responsible for any issues or delays caused by the internet connection, computer or browser used to submit the application. Click HERE for important Applicant Information and the County Employment Process. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDEPUTY DIRECTOR, CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES (EXECUTIVE RECRUITMENT)LOS ANGELES COUNTY Los Angeles, California, United StatesPosition/Program Information The County of Los Angeles Department of Children and Family Services is seeking to fill a Deputy Director, CFS to have immediate responsibility for managing all aspects of an assigned service or support bureau, including the bureau's Service Planning Areas (SPAs) and established programs and services, for select key initiatives. Incumbents must exercise a comprehensive knowledge of child welfare programs, the laws, policies, and regulations, governing departmental operations, possess skill in managing professional human services staff, and the ability to work effectively with various officials and members of the public. To download the announcement, click https://bit.ly/2JZEf4i To view and print a copy of the announcement for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. Essential Job Functions . Closing Date/Time:Jan 16, 2021Full TimePosition/Program Information The County of Los Angeles Department of Children and Family Services is seeking to fill a Deputy Director, CFS to have immediate responsibility for managing all aspects of an assigned service or support bureau, including the bureau's Service Planning Areas (SPAs) and established programs and services, for select key initiatives. Incumbents must exercise a comprehensive knowledge of child welfare programs, the laws, policies, and regulations, governing departmental operations, possess skill in managing professional human services staff, and the ability to work effectively with various officials and members of the public. To download the announcement, click https://bit.ly/2JZEf4i To view and print a copy of the announcement for this position, you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. Essential Job Functions . Closing Date/Time:Load more	Modal WindowEmployer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES© 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
