"Salary comparison by gender monthly Central African Republic IT SecurityHOME	BROWSE SALARIES BEST PAYING JOBSBrowse SalariesBest Paying JobsSalary Increase LettersCareer ArticlesIT Security Average Salaries in Central African Republic 2021How much money does a person working in IT Security make in Central African Republic?Average Monthly Salary521,000 XAF( 6,250,000 XAF yearly)LOW412,000XAF AVERAGE521,000XAF HIGH612,000XAF	A person working in IT Security in Central African Republic typically earns around 521,000 XAF per month. Salaries range from 412,000 XAF (lowest average) to 612,000 XAF (highest average, actual maximum salary is higher).This is the average monthly salary including housing, transport, and other benefits. Salaries vary drastically between different IT Security careers. If you are interested in the salary of a particular job, see below for salaries for specific job titles.Salaries for specific jobsJob Title Average SalaryChief Information Security Officer 613,000 XAFCross Platform Security Manager 591,000 XAFData Security Manager 570,000 XAFInformation Security Administrator 482,000 XAFInformation Security Analyst 527,000 XAFInformation Security Engineer 407,000 XAFInformation Security Manager 591,000 XAFInformation Security Specialist 506,000 XAFGet Paid to share this page with others!Get $25 on sign up.How to write the perfect resume (complete guide) 9 hobbies that can make great careers 25 salary increase request email templates with proven results 6 simple ways for anyone to earn extra income 10 job hunting mistakes everyone is makingIT Security Jobs Salary Distribution in Central African RepublicShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/central-african-republic/information-technology/it-security/median-and-salary-distribution-monthly-central-african-republic-it-security.jpgThe median, the maximum, the minimum, and the rangeSalary RangeIT Security salaries in Central African Republic range from 412,000 XAF per month (minimum average salary) to 612,000 XAF per month (maximum average salary, actual maximum is higher).Median SalaryThe median salary is 511,000 XAF per month, which means that half (50%) of people working in IT Security are earning less than 511,000 XAF while the other half are earning more than 511,000 XAF. The median represents the middle salary value. Generally speaking, you would want to be on the right side of the graph with the group earning more than the median salary.PercentilesClosely related to the median are two values: the 25th and the 75th percentiles. Reading from the salary distribution diagram, 25% of people working in IT Security are earning less than 415,000 XAF while 75% of them are earning more than 415,000 XAF. Also from the diagram, 75% of people working in IT Security are earning less than 550,000 XAF while 25% are earning more than 550,000 XAF.What is the difference between the median and the average salary?Both are indicators. If your salary is higher than both of the average and the median then you are doing very well. If your salary is lower than both, then many people are earning more than you and there is plenty of room for improvement. If your wage is between the average and the median, then things can be a bit complicated. We wrote a guide to explain all about the different scenarios. How to compare your salary40 careers that are always in demand 12 careers for people who like to work alone 10 salary negotiation tips everyone should know 7 tricky job interview questions and answers 25 simple money saving tips ($15000+ in savings!)Salary Comparison by Years of ExperienceHow does a person's salary progress over time?Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/images/salary-by-experience.jpgThe experience level is the most important factor in determining the salary. Naturally the more years of experience the higher the wage.Generally speaking, employees having experience from two to five years earn on average 32% more than freshers and juniors across all industries and disciplines.Professionals with experience of more than five years tend to earn on average 36% more than those with five years or less of work experience.Change in salary based on experience varies drastically from one location to another and depends hugely on the career field as well. The data displayed here is the combined average of many different jobs. To view accurate figures, choose a specific job title.As you hit the ten years mark, the salary increases by 21% and an additional 14% for those who have crossed the 15 years mark.Those figures are presented as guidelines only. The numbers become more significant if you consider one job title at a time.“ On average, a person's salary doubles their starting salary by the time they cross the 10 years* experience mark. ”* Based on the average change in salary over time. Salary variations differ from person to person.Get Paid to share this page with others!Get $25 on sign up.IT Security Salary Comparison By GenderShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/central-african-republic/information-technology/it-security/salary-comparison-by-gender-monthly-central-african-republic-it-security.jpgThough gender should not have an effect on pay, in reality, it does. So who gets paid more: men or women? Male employees in Central African Republic who work in IT Security earn 20% more than their female counterparts on average.Male571,000 XAFFemale -17%476,000 XAFPercentage increase and decrease are relative to the previous valueSalary Comparison By Gender in Central African Republic for all CareersShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/central-african-republic/salary-comparison-by-gender-monthly-central-african-republic.jpg43 Careers That Pay Women More Than Men!Check The ListTop 10 Highest Paying Careers in Central African RepublicSee Full ListIT Security Average Annual Salary Increment Percentage in Central African RepublicHow much are annual salary increments in Central African Republic for IT Security professionals? How often do employees get salary raises?IT SecurityIT Security professionals in Central African Republic are likely to observe a salary increase of approximately 7% every 29 months. The national average annual increment for all professions combined is 4% granted to employees every 29 months.Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/central-african-republic/information-technology/it-security/annual-salary-increment-rate-central-african-republic-it-security.jpgThe figures provided here are averages of numbers. Those figures should be taken as general guidelines. Salary increments will vary from person to person and depend on many factors, but your performance and contribution to the success of the organization remain the most important factors in determining how much and how often you will be granted a raise.Central African Republic / All ProfessionsThe term 'Annual Salary Increase' usually refers to the increase in 12 calendar month period, but because it is rarely that people get their salaries reviewed exactly on the one year mark, it is more meaningful to know the frequency and the rate at the time of the increase.How to calculate the salary increment percentage?The annual salary Increase in a calendar year (12 months) can be easily calculated as follows: Annual Salary Increase = Increase Rate x 12 ÷ Increase Frequency“The average salary increase in one year (12 months) in Central African Republic is 2%.”Annual Increment Rate By Industry 2020Banking5%Energy1%Information Technology6%Healthcare2%Travel7%Construction3%Education8%Listed above are the average annual increase rates for each industry in Central African Republic for the year 2020. Companies within thriving industries tend to provide higher and more frequent raises. Exceptions do exist, but generally speaking, the situation of any company is closely related to the economic situation in the country or region. These figures tend to change frequently.Worldwide Salary Raises: All Countries and All JobsShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/images/salary-increment-world.jpgYou deserve a salary increment but you are not sure how to ask.Check our 25 sample Salary Increase Request emailsGet Your Salary IncrementIT Security Bonus and Incentive Rates in Central African RepublicHow much and how often are bonuses being awarded?Share This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/central-african-republic/information-technology/it-security/annual-salary-bonus-rate-central-african-republic-it-security.jpgIT Security is considered to be a moderate bonus-based field due to the generally limited involvement in direct revenue generation, with exceptions of course. The people who get the highest bonuses are usually somehow involved in the revenue generation cycle.66% of surveyed staff in IT Security reported that they haven't received any bonuses or incentives in the previous year while 34% said that they received at least one form of monetary bonus.Those who got bonuses reported rates ranging from 3% to 6% of their annual salary.Received Bonus34%No Bonus66%Types of Bonuses ConsideredIndividual Performance-Based BonusesThe most standard form of bonus where the employee is awarded based on their exceptional performance.Company Performance BonusesOccasionally, some companies like to celebrate excess earnings and profits with their staff collectively in the form of bonuses that are granted to everyone. The amount of the bonus will probably be different from person to person depending on their role within the organization.Goal-Based BonusesGranted upon achieving an important goal or milestone.Holiday / End of Year BonusesThese types of bonuses are given without a reason and usually resemble an appreciation token.Bonuses Are Not Commissions!People tend to confuse bonuses with commissions. A commission is a prefixed rate at which someone gets paid for items sold or deals completed while a bonus is in most cases arbitrary and unplanned.What makes a position worthy of good bonuses and a high salary?The main two types of jobsRevenue Generators Supporting CastEmployees that are directly involved in generating revenue or profit for the organization. Their field of expertise usually matches the type of business.Employees that support and facilitate the work of revenue generators. Their expertise is usually different from that of the core business operations.Example:A graphics designer working for a graphics designing company.Example:A graphic designer in the marketing department of a hospital.Revenue generators usually get more and higher bonuses, higher salaries, and more frequent salary increments. The reason is quite simple: it is easier to quantify your value to the company in monetary terms when you participate in revenue generation.“Try to work for companies where your skills can generate revenue. We can't all generate revenue and that's perfectly fine.”Bonus Comparison by Seniority LevelTop management personnel and senior employees naturally exhibit higher bonus rates and frequencies than juniors. This is very predictable due to the inherent responsibilities of being higher in the hierarchy. People in top positions can easily get double or triple bonus rates than employees down the pyramid.25 Simple Ways to Reduce Bills and Save MoneyStart Saving!IT Security Hourly Average Wage in Central African Republic3,010 XAF per hourThe average hourly wage (pay per hour) in Central African Republic is 3,010 XAF. This means that the average person in Central African Republic earns approximately 3,010 XAF for every worked hour.Hourly Wage = Annual Salary ÷ ( 52 x 5 x 8 )The hourly wage is the salary paid in one worked hour. Usually jobs are classified into two categories: salaried jobs and hourly jobs. Salaried jobs pay a fix amount regardless of the hours worked. Hourly jobs pay per worked hour. To convert salary into hourly wage the above formula is used (assuming 5 working days in a week and 8 working hours per day which is the standard for most jobs). The hourly wage calculation may differ slightly depending on the worked hours per week and the annual vacation allowance. The figures mentioned above are good approximations and are considered to be the standard. One major difference between salaried employees and hourly paid employees is overtime eligibility. Salaried employees are usually exempt from overtime as opposed to hourly paid staff.21 High Paying Jobs That Don't Require a College Degree!Check The ListIT Security VS Other JobsShare This ChartTweet Get Chart Linkhttp://www.salaryexplorer.com/charts/central-african-republic/information-technology/it-security/salary-comparison-between-it-security-and-information-technology-monthly-central-african-republic.jpgThe average salary for IT Security is 20% more than that of Information Technology. Also, Information Technology salaries are 0% more than those of All Jobs.Government vs Private Sector Salary ComparisonWhere can you get paid more, working for a private company or for the government? Public sector employees in Central African Republic earn 7% more than their private sector counterparts on average across all sectors.Private Sector415,000 XAFPublic Sector +7%446,000 XAFPercentage increase and decrease are relative to the previous valueGet Paid to share this page with others!Get $25 on sign up.All Jobs»Information Technology»IT SecurityBrowse SalariesSalary Increase LettersBest Paying JobsHomePrivacy PolicySalary Comparison©Salary Explorer 2021"
