"Inside Out: New job and new board certification for these RUMC docs - silive.comSkip to ArticleSet WeatherBack To Main MenuCloseCustomize Your WeatherSet Your Location:Enter City and State or Zip CodeSubmitSubscribe nowAccount MenuSign in Large ChevronChevron that denotes content that can open up.Create account Large ChevronChevron that denotes content that can open up.NewslettersHelp/FAQSearchRead exclusive stories only found here. Subscribe to SILive.com.EntertainmentInside Out: New job and new board certification for these RUMC docsUpdated Aug 20, 2020; Posted Aug 20, 2020Dr. David MostafaviStaten Island AdvanceFacebook ShareTwitter ShareBy Carol Ann Benanti | benanti@siadvance.comEditor’s Note: Welcome to Inside Out, our weekly roundup of stories about Staten Islanders of all ages who are making waves, being seen, supporting our community and just making our borough a special place to live. Have a story for Inside Out? Email Carol Ann Benanti at benanti@siadvance.co­m.STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — Dr. David Mostafavi has been named Richmond University Medical Center’s chair of ophthalmology. Dr. Mostafavi is board certified member of the American Board of Ophthalmology, the American Academy of Ophthalmology, and the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery.“Dr. Mostafavi brings impeccable credentials to our robust team of physicians,” said Daniel J. Messina, the president and chief executive officer of RUMC. “His expertise in the field of ophthalmology will take our comprehensive eye and vision care services to a level never before achieved at the hospital. We’re excited to have him at the helm of our ophthalmology department where he and the team will make tremendous strides in improving the health of our communities.”Dr. Mostafavi received his medical degree from New Jersey Medical School (Rutgers) and completed his ophthalmology residency at SUNY Downstate where he was named administrative chief resident by the faculty his last year.While a resident, he was inducted into the Alpha Omega Alpha (AOA) medical society.After residency, he extended his training with a fellowship in Ocular Immunology and Uveitis at the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary under the guidance of Dr. Michael Samson and Dr. Sanjay Kedhar, both recognized leaders in the fields of ocular inflammation and corneal disease.He also has spent the last five years teaching cataract surgery to ophthalmology residents.“This is an opportunity to transform the hospital’s advanced eye and vision care center into more of a private practice style center where patients are treated in a timely manner with exceptional physicians who have access to the latest technology,” Dr. Mostafavi said. “We are also starting to train ophthalmology residents which we haven’t done in a long time.”Richmond University Medical Center’s Advanced Eye and Vision Care Center provides a full range of ophthalmology services for patients of all ages. The center is located inside the main hospital at 355 Bard Ave. in West Brighton. To make an appointment, call 718-818-4848 or visit www.rumsci.org/ophthalmology.DR. RITA SHATS RECEIVES BOARD CERTIFICATIONDr. Rita Shats has achieved board certification in pediatric and adolescent gynecology, making her the first obstetrics and gynecology (OB/GYN) physician on Staten Island to achieve the specialized certification from the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS). It also is the third board certification in the field of OB/GYN for Dr. Shats.Dr. Rita ShatsStaten Island Advance“Board certification in pediatric and adolescent gynecology recognizes a physician who possesses the appropriate skill set and understanding of common and complex health issues that are unique to both the pediatric and adolescent patient populations,” said Dr. Michael Cabbad, chair of RUMC’s OB/GYN department.According to the ABMS, the board certification process was created more than 100 years ago to provide a comprehensive evaluation of a physician specialist’s experience, knowledge and skills. The process also ensures that physicians are meeting the highest standards set by their peers practicing in a medical specialty.FYI: Certification represents specialty-specific training beyond a physician’s medical licensure — and a voluntary process that demonstrates a physician’s commitment to meeting a higher standard. In addition to graduating from medical school, board certified physicians have completed additional years of training at accredited programs and have passed examination by an ABMS member board.“Continuity of care is of the highest importance to me,” Dr. Shats said. “I was always taught as a medical student not to refer patients, but to take care for them by providing the most complete care possible. To be able to be there for my patients from birth, through adolescence, to adulthood and then retirement age means I can provide the most comprehensive care, in one office, allowing my patients to stay on Staten Island throughout their lives.”Certification in pediatric and adolescent gynecology is the third ABMS certification for Dr. Shats. She is board certified in obstetrics and gynecology as well as cosmetic gynecology.“As a physician it is important to always move ahead, to grow and to continue to develop as the healthcare around us changes,” she adds. “The more knowledge and training I have, the more valuable and helpful I become for my current and future patients.”For over a decade, Dr. Shats has helped bring over 3,000 new lives into the world over the span of her career. In addition to her board certifications, she is also the first female physician at Richmond University Medical Center trained to perform robotic surgeries.She received her medical education at Ross University School of Medicine in Dominica, West Indies and graduated as a chief resident from the former St. Vincent’s Medical Center, now Richmond University Medical Center.A fellow of the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Dr. Shats is also RUMC’s associate director of gynecology, and director of the hospital’s family planning clinic. She serves as assistant director of the OB/GYN residency program, and clerkship director for American University of Antigua and St. George University School of Medicine. She is also an associate professor at New York Medical College.In addition to providing services at RUMC, Dr. Shats is a partner at PBS OB/GYN Associates, which has offices on Staten Island, Brooklyn, and Manhattan. PBS OB/GYN Associates can be reached at 718-273-5500 and at www.myfavoritegyn.com.Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.DisclaimerRegistration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement, and Your California Privacy Rights (each updated 1/1/21).Cookie Settings© 2021 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.Ad Choices"
