"Illinois Transportation Jobs - Sysco Warehouse Operations Worker in Elmhurst, Illinois, United StatesIllinois Transportation JobsEmployers Post a JobWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (6,230)Job InformationSysco Warehouse Operations Worker in Elmhurst, IllinoisCompany:US1292 Buckhead Meat Midwest Inc.-Illinois DivisionZip Code:60140Minimum Level of Education:High School or EquivalentMinimum Years of Experience:0-1 YearsEmployment Type:Full TimeTravel Percentage:0OVERVIEW:We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.Overview:Selects products from inventory and assembles, packs, and transports to staging areas for shipment. Required to work in freezer, cooler, and dry warehouse and to maintain the appropriate productivity standards. Performs all duties safely, accurately, and meets set productivity goals.Follow essential selection pick path, select product, correctly label, and stage product on pallet.Loading and unloading product deliveries as requiredRecord any necessary item information into Warehouse Management System (WMS) or applicable inventory system.Maintain accurate records of shortages and reports them to Supervisor.Stack product on pallet with heavier items on bottom and lighter on top to prevent damage to product in order to maintain a secure pallet.Deliver stacked pallets to assigned area on loading dock in an effort to ensure that products are accurately staged and can be systematically loaded.Secure pallets with shrink wrap for delivery.Work effectively with immediate Supervisor to minimize warehouse shrink (product loss) and general inventory control (cycle and product counts).Responsible for the neatness and cleanliness of assigned work area, accuracy of warehouse locations, and travel aisles, loading bays and docks.Report any unfixable/unsafe issues (Lock Out/Tag Out items) immediately to supervisor.Observe and enforce all safety rules in an effort to reduce accidents and injuries.Operate appropriate material handling equipment, such as forklifts and pallet jacks, in a safe and orderly manner in an effort to reduce accidents and injuries.Ensure that material handling equipment is maintained (daily inspection) and clean; report repair or service needs to supervisor in an effort to reduce equipment damage.Ensure warehouse computers and equipment are used in a safe and professional manner.Use warehouse computers and equipment in a safe and professional manner.Understand and comply with all applicable company policies (i.e. attendance, Code of Business Conduct & Ethics, Associate Handbook etc.).Ensure compliance with all applicable State/Federal laws, regulations, and policies (i.e. OSHA (Occupational Health and Safety Admin.), HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points), BRC, etc).Cross-trains in other warehouse functions and performs other warehouse duties as assigned.Supervisory Responsibilities:No supervisory experience needed.Qualifications:To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill set, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Must be at least 18 years of age.Education and Experience:High school diploma or general education degree (GED) preferred; previous warehouse experience and/or training preferred. Material Handling Equipment preferred. Reach truck experience preferred. Crown and/or Raymond reach truck experience a plus.Language Skills:Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to speak effectively in one-on-one and small group situations.Mathematical Skills:Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.Reasoning Ability:Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:Certification on material handling equipment or ability to become certified.Physical Requirements of the Position:The physical demands described herein are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. An individual should contact his or her supervisor or the Human Resource Department if he or she believes that an accommodation is needed.While performing the duties of this job, the associate regularly is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls, frequently is required to stand and walk, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, talk or hear. The associate is required to walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit. The associate must frequently lift and/or move up to 50-60 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Work Environment:The work environment characteristics described here represent those that an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly exposed to fast moving material handling equipment or other mechanical equipment. The associate is frequently exposed to freezer/cooler warehouse environments. The associate is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions; toxic or caustic chemicals; high voltage electrical equipment and vibration. The noise level in the work environment usually is loud.The above statement reflects the general details necessary to describe the principal functions of the occupation described and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the occupation.Work Hours:This is a full-time position. The incumbent must have the ability to work a varying schedule which might include shift work (days or nights), weekdays or weekends, and some holidays. Work hours may vary or change based on customer order requirements.Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.Apply NowSyscoSysco JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaSyscoWarehouse Operations WorkerElmhurstIllinoisClear AllFeatured JobsIllinois Hiring Our Heroes JobsWork in Illinois Health Marketplace JobsWork in Illinois Manufacturing JobsWork in Illinois VeteransWork in Illinois JobsEOEPrivacyProtect Yourself"
