"steve jobs | FreyburgFreyburgsearch Freyburg.com:Archive for the ‘steve jobs’ CategoryThursday, December 29th, 2011The Platformer Podcast! – Episode 25by Warren FreyIt’s our first annual year-end prognosticatin’ and predictin’ jamboree! We look back at 2011 and see RIM and HP in tatters, Apple on top but of the business world but without Steve Jobs, and protesters, hackers and the 1% all using the internet to further their goals.We also turned our keen insight to 2012, where Warren boldly predicted several already heavily rumored things and Todd used reason and logic to extrapolate current events to the near future. Chip was, as always, our rock of serenity.And if that’s not enough, how about our apps and games of the year? Including one we think you might find surprising…..Posted in 2011, 2012, anonymous, antisec, apple, boot camp, ebooks, gaming, hp, ipad, iphone, macintosh, predictions, protests, RIM, steam, steve jobs Comments Off on The Platformer Podcast! – Episode 25Thursday, November 3rd, 2011The Platformer Podcast! – episode 17by Warren FreyThe Mac Pro may be dead, iOS 5 battery life is running out, and Google TV is resurrected. With all this spookiness, it’s a shame we didn’t release this episode on Halloween.Besides that, Todd’s playing Arkham City and reading about Steve Jobs, and Chip is playing with the Doctor Who Encyclopedia on his iPad. Warren couldn’t make this episode, but has regardless pronounced the new GTA trailer to be “rad.”Tweet This PostPosted in apple, arkham city, gaming, google, GTA V, ios 5, ipad, iphone, mac pro, macintosh, steam, steve jobs Comments Off on The Platformer Podcast! – episode 17Tuesday, October 25th, 2011The Platformer Podcast! – episode 16by Warren FreyOnce again Steve Jobs dominates this week’s headlines, this time for revelations in his autobiography of an honest-to-goodness Apple TV. Besides that, it’s been a weird week, with Google maybe mulling buying Yahoo possibly, Microsoft gaining tons of cash off of Android (!) patents and Netflix hemming and hawing and not really knowing what it’s doing.On the plus side, Todd is playing Arkham Asylum, Chip is reading Ready Player One and Warren has backed off from the flu-laden precipice of death he was wobbling on last week, though a lingering cough still stalks him.Tweet This PostPosted in apple, arkham city, gaming, google, ipad, iphone, macintosh, patents, steam, steve jobs Comments Off on The Platformer Podcast! – episode 16Thursday, October 6th, 2011The Platformer Podcast – episode 14by Warren FreySad, sad news today as Steve Jobs lost his battle with cancer. To call the man an artist, a businessman or a technologist is to sell him short…he was, without a doubt, a titan. His products, from the Apple II to the Mac to the iPad, iPhone and everything else affected all three of your hosts across much of their lives, and changed both our tools and our culture in ways that have yet to see their full measure. Our conversation can’t hope to do justice to the man’s accomplishments, but we hope to add our thoughts to a swelling tide of grief. The world has lost a great man, and we are all the poorer for it.Tweet This PostPosted in apple, iphone, mac, macintosh, sad, steve jobs Comments Off on The Platformer Podcast – episode 14Monday, August 29th, 2011Platformer – Episode 9by Warren FreyLike every other podcast on the internet, we led off with discussion on Steve Jobs resignation from Apple, then branched off into whether Apple can stay “Apple,” as well as discussing the oft-rumoured Apple television set that may or may not happen. Speaking of TV, Google told the television industry to go to hell (except it didn’t). We also looked at the new Mozilla WebAPI, an awesome gaming laptop from Razer, and much, much more.Tweet This PostPosted in apple, boot camp, ebooks, gaming, google, ipad, iphone, laptop, macintosh, mozilla, razer, steam, steve jobs Comments Off on Platformer – Episode 9Sunday, June 19th, 2011The Fruitygamer Podcast! – episode 33by Warren FreyWWDC and E3 on the same day means a ton of news about Lion, iOS5, the mysterious iCloud and plenty of semi-related but mostly just cool console news. LIsten as Warren, Todd and Chip wax eloquent about clouds, Kinect and a whole lot more!Tweet This PostPosted in apple, E3, gaming, icloud, ios, ios 5, ipad, iphone, kinect, mac, macintosh, os x lion, steve jobs, wwdc Comments Off on The Fruitygamer Podcast! – episode 33©Copyright 2001-2021 Freyburg.com. All rights reserved.Any resemblance to an actual town in Germany is purely coincidental.Entries (RSS) Comments (RSS)google"
