"HRdirectFinding your next employee has never been easier.In today’s world, many job seekers are exclusively looking online for their next job, making it more difficult for you to connect with applicants as you have in the past. Meanwhile, more frequent changes to state regulations make it critical to keep your applications up to date to avoid legal “hot water”. Our Job Application Smart App solves both of these problems by making it easy to accept applications with confidence that you are always in compliance.Before you can get started, we’ll need to confirm a few details to create your job application based on the most current hiring laws. After that, you’ll be ready to publish and share your application with the world!Do you want to include your company information on your job application?Enter your company information below and your applicants will see it when they’re applying.Company Name *Street:Country:United States Canada OtherCity:State:Zip Code:I understand that updating my company information here will also update this information in my profile settings.In which state will your employees be working?Our legal and HR experts have created a comprehensive database of state-compliant questions to hire smarter – faster. Whenever there’s a change to your state’s requirements, you’ll be notified and your application will automatically update to reflect the most up-to-date, compliant version. You won’t need to worry if the way you’ve worded a question is legal or not.Select the state your employees will be working in and we’ll create your job application.State: **Note: If applicable, businesses in Rhode Island must list workers' compensation exemptions on their job application.Workers’ Compensation ExemptionsYour company is subject to Rhode Islands workers’ compensation laws Chapters (29-38). If you have any applicable exemptions list them below:LIST APPLICABLE EXEMPTIONS:Your attorney-approved job application has been created!Ready to share your job application with candidates? With one click, you can email any candidate a link to your application or add the link to your website or online ad. Once a candidate has completed the online application, you’ll find them in the Applicants list ready for your review. You can also print a copy of your job application for walk-ins at any time. Happy hiring!BackNextSaveCloseCreating Job Applicationerror Sorry, there was a communication error.Job ApplicationcancelNoYescancelOk5DBB"
