"Jobs | Closers.comSales ProsFind JobsFind CompaniesCompaniesPost a JobSearch ResumesEmployer ProductsSign inSign upSales ProsFind JobsFind CompaniesCompaniesPost a JobSearch ResumesEmployer ProductsEnter industry, specialty or other keywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsRefine SearchEnter industry, specialty or other keywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchGrocery Financial Services TelecommunicationsRefine by IndustryConsumer Products and Services (29) Software (27) Digital Marketing (26) Information Technology (21) Healthcare (12) Real Estate (11)Media (9) Banking (5) Insurance (4) Other (4) Construction (3) Education (2) Legal (2) Manufacturing (2) Professional Services (2) Retail (2) Automotive (1) Customer Service (1)MoreRefine by Employment TypeFull time (35) Contractor (5)Refine by Sales RoleBusiness Development (17) Inside Sales (7) Account Management (5) Outside Sales (4) Sales Support (2)Email me jobs like thisSales ManagerMerchantE RemoteWho Are We? MerchantE is an innovative, technology-focused company providing a full-service platform to support the payment processing needs for merchants of all sizes, including small business retail shops, B2B wholesalers, and global eCommerce enterprises. We partner with financial institutions, software developers, independent sales organizations, and agents to bring our solutions to market. Why Join Us? We're growing and we're looking for collaborative, innovative, and hard-working individuals to grow with us! We offer a modern and inspiring work environment (including a game room and free snacks!) where your ideas and contributions are valued. Come experience, first-hand, the impact of your contributions. The Opportunity: The Sales Manager will actively manage a team of approximately 10 Inside Sales Specialists to achieve sales goals by selecting and continuously coaching team members to develop their selling and customer service skills. Will lead, inspire, and...Sep 17, 2020Full timeWho Are We? MerchantE is an innovative, technology-focused company providing a full-service platform to support the payment processing needs for merchants of all sizes, including small business retail shops, B2B wholesalers, and global eCommerce enterprises. We partner with financial institutions, software developers, independent sales organizations, and agents to bring our solutions to market. Why Join Us? We're growing and we're looking for collaborative, innovative, and hard-working individuals to grow with us! We offer a modern and inspiring work environment (including a game room and free snacks!) where your ideas and contributions are valued. Come experience, first-hand, the impact of your contributions. The Opportunity: The Sales Manager will actively manage a team of approximately 10 Inside Sales Specialists to achieve sales goals by selecting and continuously coaching team members to develop their selling and customer service skills. Will lead, inspire, and...Customer service and sales representative - Call center (bilingual) MontrealNordia RemoteIs this representative position a career fit for you? You are looking for: A work experience that will contribute to your career development? The possibility of extending your professional network? A unique opportunity to your develop your skills? If any of these matters to you, this is an opportunity to consider. We are looking for friendly, dynamic and professional business customer service representatives to provide support, offer complementary solutions and increase the loyalty of a business clientele who contacts us in relation to their means of communication. On a daily basis, our representatives respond to calls from customers of Bell Canada, the country's largest communication company. At Nordia, people are at the heart of our business and our top priority is to provide a rewarding environment for our employees. That's why we are proud to offer the most competitive compensation in the industry, a stimulating work environment and excellent...Sep 17, 2020Full timeIs this representative position a career fit for you? You are looking for: A work experience that will contribute to your career development? The possibility of extending your professional network? A unique opportunity to your develop your skills? If any of these matters to you, this is an opportunity to consider. We are looking for friendly, dynamic and professional business customer service representatives to provide support, offer complementary solutions and increase the loyalty of a business clientele who contacts us in relation to their means of communication. On a daily basis, our representatives respond to calls from customers of Bell Canada, the country's largest communication company. At Nordia, people are at the heart of our business and our top priority is to provide a rewarding environment for our employees. That's why we are proud to offer the most competitive compensation in the industry, a stimulating work environment and excellent...Customer service and sales representative (eChat service)-BilingualNordia RemoteIs an eChat representative position a career fit for you? Can you efficiently communicate and influence others through online exchanges? Do you see chatting as an effective way to provide support and recommendations? Can you handle multiple tasks simultaneously? Nordia is looking for sales and customer service agents to help customers purchase new products and manage their services through online exchanges. On a day-to-day basis, eChat representatives provide support and selling products to customers of Canada's largest communication company. At Nordia, people are at the heart of our business, and our top priority is to provide a rewarding environment for our employees. That is why we are proud to offer the most competitive compensation in the industry, a stimulating work environment and excellent benefits. Our employees confirm it: according to the latest 2019 internal survey, 87% of them would recommend Nordia as an employer to their family and...Sep 17, 2020Full timeIs an eChat representative position a career fit for you? Can you efficiently communicate and influence others through online exchanges? Do you see chatting as an effective way to provide support and recommendations? Can you handle multiple tasks simultaneously? Nordia is looking for sales and customer service agents to help customers purchase new products and manage their services through online exchanges. On a day-to-day basis, eChat representatives provide support and selling products to customers of Canada's largest communication company. At Nordia, people are at the heart of our business, and our top priority is to provide a rewarding environment for our employees. That is why we are proud to offer the most competitive compensation in the industry, a stimulating work environment and excellent benefits. Our employees confirm it: according to the latest 2019 internal survey, 87% of them would recommend Nordia as an employer to their family and...Outbound Sales Agent New Brunswick: _Applicants must be a resident of New Brunswick, have reliable access to high speed internet and a computer._*Call Center Guys Remote_Applicants must be a resident of New Brunswick, have reliable access to high speed internet and a computer._* _This opportunity will be a work at home opportunity._* Call Center Guys is all about customer experience, it's a key component to our foundation. Do you envision yourself working for an exciting entrepreneurial company where employees are committed to innovating and adding value to people’s lives? If this dares you to imagine, then we would love to hear from you. As the voice of the customer, we are both an advocate for our Clients and a champion for their customers, by communicating with them across multiple channels. Our job is to ensure that customers on the other end have the best experience ever, no matter how they choose to contact us. Take This to Heart: we take customer experience very seriously! No hopeless jobs here, we consider everyone essential to our team's success. We have an awesome roster of high profile companies that...Sep 17, 2020Full time Contractor_Applicants must be a resident of New Brunswick, have reliable access to high speed internet and a computer._* _This opportunity will be a work at home opportunity._* Call Center Guys is all about customer experience, it's a key component to our foundation. Do you envision yourself working for an exciting entrepreneurial company where employees are committed to innovating and adding value to people’s lives? If this dares you to imagine, then we would love to hear from you. As the voice of the customer, we are both an advocate for our Clients and a champion for their customers, by communicating with them across multiple channels. Our job is to ensure that customers on the other end have the best experience ever, no matter how they choose to contact us. Take This to Heart: we take customer experience very seriously! No hopeless jobs here, we consider everyone essential to our team's success. We have an awesome roster of high profile companies that...Sales/Account Manager - Mortgage Lending ( Remote )OutsourceHR RemoteOur client is a fast-growing mortgage lender with over two billion dollars of assets. Their vision is to change the face of alternative lending in Canada. They seek to distinguish themselves as an innovative and respected leader in the alternative lending market by investing in our people, partners and technology to drive innovation that redefines the customer experience. Our client strongly believes that their success is based on one singular factor _– their people._ Why you want to work with our client: * Company Culture: * They are fast growing having more than doubled their headcount to over 100 staff. They are OSFI regulated which provides them with direct access to a cheap GIC market. Organizational effectiveness is their highest value. They have fun getting the right things done. They maintain a dynamic, enthusiastic culture that supports collaborative teamwork. They hold a town hall that allows their employees to provide input into...Sep 17, 2020Full time ContractorOur client is a fast-growing mortgage lender with over two billion dollars of assets. Their vision is to change the face of alternative lending in Canada. They seek to distinguish themselves as an innovative and respected leader in the alternative lending market by investing in our people, partners and technology to drive innovation that redefines the customer experience. Our client strongly believes that their success is based on one singular factor _– their people._ Why you want to work with our client: * Company Culture: * They are fast growing having more than doubled their headcount to over 100 staff. They are OSFI regulated which provides them with direct access to a cheap GIC market. Organizational effectiveness is their highest value. They have fun getting the right things done. They maintain a dynamic, enthusiastic culture that supports collaborative teamwork. They hold a town hall that allows their employees to provide input into...Bilingual Call Center Agent (Mandarin/Cantonese) BurnabyThe Acquisition Group Remote*At The Acquisition Group, the health and safety of our team members, candidates and communities is our top priority. We are committed to act responsibly and have placed numerous health and safety protocols and precautions in our offices to stop the spread of COVID-19* Primary Location: CA-BC- Burnaby Schedule: Shift based Compensation: Hourly base plus commissions Benefits: Full benefits after 6 months *Mandarin, Cantonese is an asset* One of Vancouvers top marketing companies, specializing in telecommunications solutions and a primary partner of TELUS Communications is looking to fill a Call Center Agent role! We understand that a big part of our success comes from people we hire, which is why we honor our employees with an excellent compensation package - hourly base plus competitive commissions. Please note due to COVID this role will be a remote work from home position. There will be a possibility of transitioning back to office once business is back to full capacity....Sep 17, 2020Full time*At The Acquisition Group, the health and safety of our team members, candidates and communities is our top priority. We are committed to act responsibly and have placed numerous health and safety protocols and precautions in our offices to stop the spread of COVID-19* Primary Location: CA-BC- Burnaby Schedule: Shift based Compensation: Hourly base plus commissions Benefits: Full benefits after 6 months *Mandarin, Cantonese is an asset* One of Vancouvers top marketing companies, specializing in telecommunications solutions and a primary partner of TELUS Communications is looking to fill a Call Center Agent role! We understand that a big part of our success comes from people we hire, which is why we honor our employees with an excellent compensation package - hourly base plus competitive commissions. Please note due to COVID this role will be a remote work from home position. There will be a possibility of transitioning back to office once business is back to full capacity....Licensed Mortgage Agent: Remote AgentArdent Mortgages Inc. RemoteArdent Mortgages Inc. FSRAO #13023 - Licensed Mortgage Agent Position* About the Brokerage: * Ardent Mortgages Inc. was established in 2018 with a mission of helping homeowners build their wealth and to become debt free. We believe that in a financial system where homeowners are getting left behind that our role as a mortgage brokerage is to help guide clients on their path to financial freedom. In a system where consumers have very easy access to borrowed funds, household unsecured debts are at record highs, and the interest rates consumers borrow at are astronomical. If you believe that you can help change peoples lives by improving their finances - this is the place you want to be. Is this the right fit for you?* The right candidate for this position will have the following experience and skill-sets: Ability to work Independently - and set, achieve, and exceed targets (entrepreneurial mind-set) Strong time-management and efficiency...Sep 10, 2020Full time ContractorArdent Mortgages Inc. FSRAO #13023 - Licensed Mortgage Agent Position* About the Brokerage: * Ardent Mortgages Inc. was established in 2018 with a mission of helping homeowners build their wealth and to become debt free. We believe that in a financial system where homeowners are getting left behind that our role as a mortgage brokerage is to help guide clients on their path to financial freedom. In a system where consumers have very easy access to borrowed funds, household unsecured debts are at record highs, and the interest rates consumers borrow at are astronomical. If you believe that you can help change peoples lives by improving their finances - this is the place you want to be. Is this the right fit for you?* The right candidate for this position will have the following experience and skill-sets: Ability to work Independently - and set, achieve, and exceed targets (entrepreneurial mind-set) Strong time-management and efficiency...Call Center Sales Professional - Make 100+ Calls Per Day - Work From HomeNational Debt Relief Canada Inc RemoteWe are looking for call center agents who can do the hard work from 9am - 9pm from monday to friday on a flexible schedule. We do training's 2 times per week and a daily meeting at 9am which is mandatory, outside of these requirements, we don't micro manage when you do your calls. This is 100% work from home. Requirements* 1-2 Year of call center experience 1-2 Year of sales experience High speed interest Good attitude Willingness to learn a new product Ability to attend meetings and trainings (mandatory) 100+ calls per day 2min outbound call average mandatory Must be 3min outbound call average after 1 month from start Must be able to attend 1 week of training from 9am - 1pm monday to friday Expectations: * We expect each person to sell 7-8 deals in there first month 12+ deals per month after your first month 90% of your clients must post a positive review Read our website and our reviews to know what we expect you to have...Sep 10, 2020Full time ContractorWe are looking for call center agents who can do the hard work from 9am - 9pm from monday to friday on a flexible schedule. We do training's 2 times per week and a daily meeting at 9am which is mandatory, outside of these requirements, we don't micro manage when you do your calls. This is 100% work from home. Requirements* 1-2 Year of call center experience 1-2 Year of sales experience High speed interest Good attitude Willingness to learn a new product Ability to attend meetings and trainings (mandatory) 100+ calls per day 2min outbound call average mandatory Must be 3min outbound call average after 1 month from start Must be able to attend 1 week of training from 9am - 1pm monday to friday Expectations: * We expect each person to sell 7-8 deals in there first month 12+ deals per month after your first month 90% of your clients must post a positive review Read our website and our reviews to know what we expect you to have...Call Centre Representative - Sales Full Time - 100% Work From HomeNational Debt Relief Canada Inc RemoteHiring 12 people immediately* Best Work From Home Sales Opportunity on Indeed* Work from home - No Mask needed - Earn very good income!* If you answer yes to these 3 questions this job may be for you?* *Can you do 100+ phone calls per day to leads given to you?* *Can you sell on the phone?* *Do you want to genuinely help people? * We are looking for call center agents who can do the hard work from 9am - 9pm from monday to friday on a flexible schedule. We do training's 2 times per week and a daily meeting at 9am which is mandatory, outside of these requirements, we don't micro manage when you do your calls. This is 100% work from home. Requirements* 1-2 Year of call center experience 1-2 Year of sales experience High speed interest Good attitude Willingness to learn a new product Ability to attend meetings and trainings (mandatory) 100+ calls per day 2min outbound call average mandatory Must be 3min outbound...Sep 10, 2020Full time ContractorHiring 12 people immediately* Best Work From Home Sales Opportunity on Indeed* Work from home - No Mask needed - Earn very good income!* If you answer yes to these 3 questions this job may be for you?* *Can you do 100+ phone calls per day to leads given to you?* *Can you sell on the phone?* *Do you want to genuinely help people? * We are looking for call center agents who can do the hard work from 9am - 9pm from monday to friday on a flexible schedule. We do training's 2 times per week and a daily meeting at 9am which is mandatory, outside of these requirements, we don't micro manage when you do your calls. This is 100% work from home. Requirements* 1-2 Year of call center experience 1-2 Year of sales experience High speed interest Good attitude Willingness to learn a new product Ability to attend meetings and trainings (mandatory) 100+ calls per day 2min outbound call average mandatory Must be 3min outbound...Vice President, Business Development Jakarta, IndonesiaMastercard Remote (Jakarta, Indonesia)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Vice President, Business Development Vice President, Business Development, Indonesia Who is Mastercard? Mastercard is a global technology company in...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Vice President, Business Development Vice President, Business Development, Indonesia Who is Mastercard? Mastercard is a global technology company in...Director, Head of Sales, Czech&SlovakiaMastercard Remote (Czech Republic)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Director, Head of Sales, Czech&Slovakia Head of Sales Who is Mastercard? Mastercard is a global technology company in the payments...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Director, Head of Sales, Czech&Slovakia Head of Sales Who is Mastercard? Mastercard is a global technology company in the payments...Managing Consultant, Business Development, HGEM Istanbul, TurkeyMastercard Remote (İstanbul, Turkey)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Managing Consultant, Business Development, HGEM All About Us Data & Services team and solutions is a key differentiator for Mastercard, providing cutting-edge...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Managing Consultant, Business Development, HGEM All About Us Data & Services team and solutions is a key differentiator for Mastercard, providing cutting-edge...Director, Business Development, Government, KSA & Bahrain Riyadh, Saudi ArabiaMastercard Remote (Riyadh Saudi Arabia)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Director, Business Development, Government, KSA & Bahrain Overview The Saudi & Bahrain Cluster is engaging Governments to design and launch broad...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Director, Business Development, Government, KSA & Bahrain Overview The Saudi & Bahrain Cluster is engaging Governments to design and launch broad...Manager, Account Management, Auckland, New ZealandMastercard Remote (Auckland, New Zealand)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Account Management, Austria Manager, Account Management Who is Mastercard? Mastercard is a global technology company in the...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Account Management, Austria Manager, Account Management Who is Mastercard? Mastercard is a global technology company in the...Senior Managing Consultant, Business Development Beijing, ChinaMastercard Remote (Beijing, China)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Senior Managing Consultant, Business Development Overview We are the global technology company behind the world’s fastest payments...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Senior Managing Consultant, Business Development Overview We are the global technology company behind the world’s fastest payments...Associate Managing Consultant, Business Development Paris, FranceMastercard Remote (Paris, France)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Associate Managing Consultant, Business Development Overview The Data & Services team is a key differentiator for Mastercard, providing the...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Associate Managing Consultant, Business Development Overview The Data & Services team is a key differentiator for Mastercard, providing the...Technical Sales Advisor - Mastercard Channel Dubai, United Arab EmiratesMastercard Remote (Dubai - United Arab Emirates)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Technical Sales Advisor - Mastercard Channel Technical Services Advisor (Pre-Sales) Description As a member of the RiskRecon Technical Services...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Technical Sales Advisor - Mastercard Channel Technical Services Advisor (Pre-Sales) Description As a member of the RiskRecon Technical Services...Manager, Product Sales, Cyber Risk SolutionsMastercard RemoteOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Product Sales, Cyber Risk Solutions RiskRecon0085 Technical Services Advisor (Pre-Sales) Description As a member of the RiskRecon...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Product Sales, Cyber Risk Solutions RiskRecon0085 Technical Services Advisor (Pre-Sales) Description As a member of the RiskRecon...Manager, Government Engagement Maroc, MoroccoMastercard Remote (Maroc, Morocco)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Government Engagement Job Description Summary • Leads development of our Government sector opportunities and pipeline, by...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Government Engagement Job Description Summary • Leads development of our Government sector opportunities and pipeline, by...Manager, Government Engagement Karachi, PakistanMastercard Remote (Karachi, Pakistan)Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Government Engagement Job Description Summary • Leads development of our Government sector opportunities and pipeline, by...Sep 10, 2020Full timeOur Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Manager, Government Engagement Job Description Summary • Leads development of our Government sector opportunities and pipeline, by...Load moreHomeAbout UsSales ProsFind JobsPost a ResumeSign UpJob Seeker FAQCompaniesPost a JobSearch ResumesSign UpEmployer FAQTerms of UseCookie and Privacy PolicyContact Us© 2021 closers.com. All rights reserved."
