"Head of Support Services, GhanaSkip to main contentSearch This BlogUNGO Jobs at UN & NGOsLatest United Nations Jobs + Current NGO Jobs and VacanciesHead of Support Services, GhanaGet linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsSeptember 26, 2020Head of Support Services, Ghana BACKGROUND INFORMATION Africa Region Based in Copenhagen, Denmark, the Africa Region supports UNOPS country offices in the region, providing financial oversight of projects, procuring goods and services and managing human resources. AFR helps ensure that projects are executed to the highest standards, providing a shared knowledge base and ensuring that best practices and lessons learned are disseminated between projects across the entire region. Ghana Multi Country Office (GMCO) UNOPS Ghana Multi Country Office (GMCO), located in Accra, spans across West Africa, covering Ghana, Gambia, Liberia, Nigeria and Sierra Leone. GMCO is responsible for managing strategic and operational risks associated with a subset of the regional portfolio of engagements, developing and delivering cost effective services contributing to partners’ sustainable results and achievements of UN OPS management results. The core functions of the Operational Hub are to: Liaise and develop engagements, and deliver services responding to partner needs. Leverage advice and integrate delivery modalities of the three Delivery Practices and the Global Partner Service Office. Maintain appropriate arrangements and capacity for direct transactional support for delivery of the sub-regional portfolio. Job Specific The United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) is an operational arm of the United Nations, supporting the successful implementation of its partners’ peace building, humanitarian and development projects around the world. UNOPS supports partners to build a better future by providing services that increase the efficiency, effectiveness and sustainability of peace building, humanitarian and development projects. Mandated as a central resource of the United Nations, UNOPS provides sustainable project management, procurement and infrastructure services to a wide range of governments, donors and United Nations organizations. The UNOPS Director , Ghana Multi Country Office (GMCO), is responsible for managing strategic and operational risks associated with a subset of the regional portfolio of engagements, developing and delivering cost effective services contributing to partners’ sustainable results and achievements of UNOPS management results. The Head of Support Services is a critical leadership role in the Ghana Multi Country Office(GMCO), reporting to the Director, who provides general guidance and vision. The role is responsible for providing an efficient and integrated support service for the Ghana Multi Country Office (including the Project Offices in scope) dealing on a daily basis with a diverse team of national and international professionals. FUNCTIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Key Functions / Results Expected Operational leadership, advisory and technical support Project planning and coordination support Procurement Financial and compliance management Human resource management Administration and Information Technology Knowledge management and innovation 1. Operational Leadership, advisory and technical support As a Key leadership role for the Ghana Multi-Country Office, the Head of Support Services monitors and supervises teams as well as all aspects of operations (Finance, HR, Procurement, Health, safety, security and environmental (HSSE), Information Technology(ICT) and Administration) to ensure achievement of results, whilst driving compliance with corporate strategies, UNOPS rules, regulations, policies, and standards of accountability, ethics and integrity. Monitor support services to ensure continuously improving client service and satisfaction, including liaising with appropriate Head Quarters Practice Groups and IPAS for required support. Contribute to the formulation of Ghana Multi Country Office strategies and policies through advisory services to the Ghana Multi Country Office Director. Provide technical advice and operational guidance on innovative approaches to project financing, risk assessment/mitigation and use of financing structures, mechanisms instruments and guarantees. Collaborate with colleagues to identify the need, determine cost and plan all Ghana Multi Country Office support services, including procurement, finance, human resources and administrative services. Assist the Ghana Multi Country Office Director in setting goals, targets and performance standards for projects, and recommend tools for monitoring, evaluation and auditing At the request of the Ghana Multi Country Office Director, participate in any UN forum discussions and planning to ensure UNOPS position, interests and priorities are fully considered. Lead on health, safety, security and environmental (HSSE) matters to ensure they are integrated into all aspects of the operations and that related risks are managed effectively. 2. Project planning and coordination support Provide assistance and support to programme and project budget preparation, revisions and work planning. Provide input into project engagement and acceptance documents including assisting with contract negotiations. Provide advice on goal setting, targets and performance standards for projects and recommend tools for monitoring, evaluation and auditing. Monitor project financial projections, take decisions and/or refer critical issues to the Ghana Multi Country Office Director and/or other stakeholders for action. Provide advice on programme and project cost sharing, deployment of funds and closure. Constantly monitor and analyze the operating environment to identify potential risks and take action/refer critical issues for intervention to ensure delivery of results. Closely liaise with the Field Offices (within the Ghana Multi Country Office) in order to troubleshoot any issues that might cause interruption in the support services management. 3. Procurement Oversee and supervise Ghana Multi Country Office procurement processes, including tendering processes and evaluation and supplier selection, to ensure viable procurement solutions that meet operational needs and compliance with UNOPS procurement procedures, regulations and standard of accountability, ethics, integrity and performance. Evaluate contractual arrangements and legal commitments/risks for appropriate action. In consultation with relevant colleagues, review, administer and issue contracts, agreements/amendments with institutions and UN agencies. Oversee the logistics of goods and equipment on project sites to confirm delivery and safe warehousing. Evaluate, list, update and monitor the performance of the roster of service providers of suitable firms or institutions 4. Financial and compliance management Prepare the Ghana Multi Country Office financial plan and manage the budget process/cycle to ensure timely revisions and reallocation of funds. Oversee the Support Services Finance Unit and ensure compliance with the UNOPS/Financial Rules & Regulations and Finance procedures Monitor, track and control expenditure to ensure optimum and appropriate use of resources. Ensure the availability of required financial reports and exception reports including investigating anomalies to resolve problems, reporting or recommending any action required to relevant stakeholders. Supervise the timely review, posting and closure of accounts. Certify/verify accuracy and compliance with standards of accountability framework. Submit/prepare a mandated report on financial status. Supervise all financial services (accounting, cash management, payments etc.) ensuring timeliness and compliance with standards of accountability and performance. Monitor the Management Budget expenditures for the Ghana Multi Country Office and ensure that LMDC (Locally Managed Direct Cost) is properly recovered, billed and spent in accordance with the applicable procedures; Act as focal point for any internal/external audit exercise. 5. Human Resource Management Plan personnel required for Ghana Multi Country Office programme/projects. Oversee all human resource services/processes including recruitment, salary administration and compensation, performance review, training and development, ensuring compliance with human resource rules, regulations, procedures and standards of performance and ensuring that hiring managers actively seek to create diverse teams in terms of gender and geography. Promote and support a learning culture by empowering individuals and teams to identify critical learning needs and plan/provide easy access to learning opportunities to maintain personnel competency and flexibility. Foster a positive work environment, respectful of both men and women, and ensure that the highest standards of conduct are observed. Exercise control of all staffing issues within the Ghana Multi Country Office as required by the projects’ demands including recruitment, training, staff performance review 6. Administration and Information Technology In close collaboration with Headquarters, support maintenance of a secure and reliable ICT environment, including adequate plans for disaster recovery. Manage the acquisition, maintenance, inventory, recording, verification and protection of project and administrative facilities/assets, including IT infrastructure, equipment and servers. Identify opportunities for leveraging the use of IT to enhance business operations and efficiency and to facilitate knowledge management, and information sharing. Manage the timely and efficient delivery of all administrative services, (e.g. premises, asset management, organizational and personnel security, travel and IT). 7. Knowledge management and innovation Contribute to the development and introduction of innovation to ensure UNOPS is continually incorporating best practice approaches in Ghana Multi Country Office Support Services. Contribute to the dissemination and sharing of best practices and lessons learned for corporate development planning and knowledge building. At the request of the Ghana Multi Country Office Director and in collaboration with the team, plan, implement and organise strategic capacity building of project personnel, clients and stakeholders. Impact of Results The effective and successful achievement of results by the Head of Support Services directly impact on the development and performance of the programme and projects, visibility and image of the UNOPS as an effective service provider in project services and management and consequently strengthen its competitive position as a partner of choice in sustainable development and project services in the country served. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS A. Education Advanced University Degree (master or equivalent) in a relevant related field is required University degree with an additional 2 years of relevant work experience may be accepted in lieu of the education requirements outlined above B. Work Experience A minimum of 7 years of progressively responsible experience covering at least two of the following operations functions: Procurement, Finance, Logistics/ Asset Management and Human Resources. Knowledge of the other functions is desirable. A minimum of 3 years of leadership experience, including a proven track record managing staff and operational systems is required. Some experience in UN system organizations preferably in a developing country is desirable. Experience dealing with UN regulations, rules and policies in the areas of contracting, procurement and human resources is desirable. Willingness to work in hardship duty stations and/or travel to post crisis locations C. Language Full working knowledge of English is essential. . Fluency in one or more additional official UNOPS languages is an advantage CONTRACT TYPE/ LEVEL/ DURATION Contract type: International Individual Contractor Agreement (IICA) Contract level: I-ICA 3 / ICS 11 Contract duration: Ongoing ICA – ‘Open-ended, subject to organizational requirements, availability of funds and satisfactory performance. NB: This VA is open to Nationals of Ghana. Please note that a Ghana National selected will be contracted under a Local Individual Contractor Agreement (LICA) For more details about the ICA contractual modality, please follow this link: https://ift.tt/1E5EGNy... ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS Please note that the closing date is midnight Copenhagen time Applications received after the closing date will not be considered. Only those candidates that are short-listed for interviews will be notified. Qualified female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. UNOPS seeks to reasonably accommodate candidates with special needs, upon request. Work life harmonization - UNOPS values its people and recognizes the importance of balancing professional and personal demands. We have a progressive policy on work-life harmonization and offer several flexible working options. This policy applies to UNOPS personnel on all contract type Accra is a Family Duty Station For staff positions only, UNOPS reserves the right to appoint a candidate at a lower level than the advertised level of the post The incumbent is responsible to abide by security policies, administrative instructions, plans and procedures of the UN Security Management System and that of UNOPS. It is the policy of UNOPS to conduct background checks on all potential recruits/interns. Recruitment/internship in UNOPS is contingent on the results of such checks. ABOUT THE ORGANISATION UNOPS is an operational arm of the United Nations, supporting the successful implementation of its partners’ peacebuilding, humanitarian and development projects around the world. Our mission is to help people build better lives and countries achieve sustainable development. UNOPS areas of expertise cover infrastructure, procurement, project management, financial management and human resources. Working with us UNOPS offers short- and long-term work opportunities in diverse and challenging environments across the globe. We are looking for creative, results-focused professionals with skills in a range of disciplines. Diversity With over 4,000 UNOPS personnel and approximately 7,000 personnel recruited on behalf of UNOPS partners spread across 80 countries, our workforce represents a wide range of nationalities and cultures. We promote a balanced, diverse workforce — a strength that helps us better understand and address our partners’ needs, and continually strive to improve our gender balance through initiatives and policies that encourage recruitment of qualified female candidates. Work life harmonization UNOPS values its people and recognizes the importance of balancing professional and personal demands.Apply to JobNGO JobsGet linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsCommentsPost a CommentPopular posts from this blogEscuintla Associate, GuatemalaSeptember 24, 2020NGO Jobs / UN Jobs Vacancy Country: Guatemala Organization: Clinton Health Access Initiative Closing date: 31 Oct 2020 The Clinton Health Access Initiative, Inc. (CHAI) is a global health organization committed to saving lives and reducing the burden of disease in low-and middle-income countries, while strengthening the capabilities of governments and the private sector in those countries to create and sustain high-quality health systems that can succeed without our assistance. For more information, please visit: http://www.clintonhealthaccess.org . CHAI’s global malaria program provides direct technical and operational support to countries around the globe to strengthen their malaria programs and reduce the burden of this preventable, treatable disease. We support governments to scale up effective interventions for prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and surveillance, with the goals of sustainably reducing the number of malaria-related illnesses and deaths worldwide in the short-Read moreConsultant - Business & Financial Management of SMEsOctober 07, 2020NGO Jobs / UN Jobs Vacancy Country: Iraq Organization: Oxfam Closing date: 20 Oct 2020 Terms of Reference Consultancy Services Training of Trainers (ToT) Business & Financial Management of SMEs ** Organization - OXFAM Country - Iraq Project - Building Resilient Communities in Iraq** Position type Consultancy Consultancy type Training of OXFAM’s staff on ‘Business & Financial Management of SMEs’’ Duration TBD as per training course requirement Reporting to EFSVL & Cash Advisor Working with EFSVL & Cash Advisor Application deadline 20 October 2020 Start Date 10 November 2020 INTRODUCTION: OXFAM GB is present in Iraq since 1990 and resumed its activities after ISIS offensive in 2014, Facing this protracted crisis, OXFAM’s vision is to ensure that women, girls, boys and men affected by conflict in Iraq can access appropriate and equitable assistance that meets humanitarian needs and reduces underlying drivers of conflict at all levels. To achieve thRead moreConsultant - Market System Development & Value Chain DevelopmentOctober 07, 2020NGO Jobs / UN Jobs Vacancy Country: Iraq Organization: Oxfam Closing date: 20 Oct 2020 Terms of Reference Training of Staff on Market System & Value Chain Development Organization OXFAM Country Iraq Project Building Resilient Communities ** Position type Consultancy Consultancy type Training of OXFAM’s staff on ‘’Market System Development & Value Chain Development’’ Duration TBD as per training course requirement Reporting to EFSVL & Cash Advisor Working with EFSVL & Cash Advisor Application deadline 20 October 2020 Start Date 10 November 2020 INTRODUCTION: OXFAM GB is present in Iraq since 1990 and resumed its activities after ISIS offensive in 2014, Facing this protracted crisis, OXFAM’s vision is to ensure that women, girls, boys and men affected by conflict in Iraq can access appropriate and equitable assistance that meets humanitarian needs and reduces underlying drivers of conflict at all levels. To achieve this vision, OXFAM Iraq is working inRead morePowered by BloggerTheme images by Michael ElkanBlog Archive2021 401January 4012020 7428December 502November 608October 578September 665Program Director Baladi ProgramResearch Manager to lead teams, strategy and opera...Senior Associate to lead research projectsPre-Qualification of SuppliersOperational Planning, Monitoring, Evaluation and R...Resource Mobilization Strategy Development for a S...Business Plan Development for a Social EnterpriseHead of ProgrammesMarketing Strategy Development for a Dairy Start-UpHead of Support - VenezuelaGrants CoordinatorConsultant - Software Developer, HQ Gaza (Local)National Consultant – NESP2 Chapter 6, TVETNational Consultant – NESP2 Chapter 5 Basic EducationInternational Consultant - NESP2 Chapter 5 Basic E...Regional Hub Scoping Study ConsultantResilient Agriculture Specialist - BangadeshGlobal Foundations, Organizations and Institutions...Baseline Study - Adolescent Girls’ Education in Cr...Regional Program Manager, West Africa job in Arlin...Marketing Officer job in New York, New YorkAssistant Professor of Political Science/Sociology...Policy Adviser - Trade & Sustainability job in Bru...Design FellowshipGlobal Policy OfficerPSS /Case WorkerSenior Policy OfficerResearch AssistantKenya: Project LeadProgram Coordinator - MexicoJOB DESCRIPTION SENIOR SANITATION PROGRAM COORDINA...Uganda Country Director - Water MissionTrainer – Gender ExpertProject Management Support - Senior AssistantSenior Manager, Program PlanningCommunications and Outreach Expert job in Kabul, A...Communications Officer (COMDC) job in Washington, ...CELNA Program Assistant job in Washington, D.C.Internal audit and backoffice accounting consultancyCall for UNDP GPN ExpRes ONE Roster – Legal Identi...Consultant Elaboration of an outlook on the migrat...Regional Communications and Content SpecialistITB# 1404158 GAC Third Party MonitoringJunior Professional Officer (JPO) in Humanitarian ...Senior Evaluation Specialist job in South AfricaAll-Source Intelligence Analyst IV job in Chantill...Humanitarian Affairs Officer, P3 (Temporary Job Op...Short-Term Closeout Manager, Program Management Un...Chief of ICT and Development Section, P5 job in Ba...Program Management Specialist job in Washington, D.C.Academic Professional Track (non-tenure): Lecturer...Senior Program Manager, Policy job in New York, Ne...Head of Emergency Management job in Syrian Arab Re...Editorial Assistant, Reuters Breakingviews job in ...Awards ManagerProject Coordinator, Early Childhood Care and Deve...Digital Health Officer – ZambiaManager Ressources humaines & Développement organi...District Social Services Officer – ZambiaDistrict Economic Strengthening (ES) Officer – ZambiaHR and Admin Assistant – ZambiaCountry Representative – ZambiaHead of Project – North Darfur*Provision of external audit and associated servicesHead of Sustainable DevelopmentCorporate and Philanthropy Engagement ManagerProcurement OfficerChief of PartySecurity DirectorHead of mission Yemen M/FProject Coordinator, Early Childhood Care and Deve...Awards ManagerSolution Cost AnalystColombia Project Management Internship, Arlington, VALegal Analyst for Aidsfonds ProjectAsia Patent Opposition Academy Legal TrainerSenior Community-Based Protection AssistantSenior Associate, Advanced HIV DiseaseGender Integration Specialist, GhanaAssociate, Sustainable Health FinancingJunior Procurement Specialist, Colombia Transforma...Program Finance Officer, AfricaAfghanistan ResearcherShort-Term CasualBaseline Study ConsultancySr. Director of Development OperationsSocial and Environmental Safeguards ConsultantMalaria Associate, Burkina FasoSenior Manager, Health WorkforceHumanitarian Affairs Officer, P3 (Temporary Job Op...Humanitarian Affairs Officer/Pooled Fund Manager, ...Country Project Lead (Bangladesh)apacity Building Specialist, USAID/DRC Monitoring,...Project Management – FundraisingHumanitarian Affairs Officer, P3 (Temporary Job Op...Awards ManagerProject Manager BaanaRegional Program ManagerDeputy Director Program OperationsHead of Support Services, GhanaAugust 702July 691June 705May 629April 632March 634February 608January 4742019 17240December 548November 667October 661September 656August 599July 452June 628May 2745April 2604March 2592February 2592January 2496Show more Show lessLabelsILRI JobsNGO JobsUN JobsReport Abuse"
