"Preparing for a video job interview - Republic ResumesHomeWhat I doHowTestimonialsFAQsBlogContact0422 838 022 republicwriter@gmail.comRepublic Resumes4.9Based on 80 reviewsSamantha Bailes01:22 17 Jan 21I went through Republic Resumes when I was looking for work in 2019, after completing a Masters Degree. Malcolm... responded very quickly to my initial enquiry, and was very friendly and easy to work with. Malcolm helped me re-write my resume, kept in good contact with me, and I was very happy with the final product. I was able to obtain excellent employment not long after I completed my revised resume, and have been working ever since. I would highly recommend Malcolm's services.read moreamanda caradonna09:33 06 Jan 21I highly highly recommend Malcolm and Republic Resumes. After having time away from the workforce to raise a family, my... old resume was lacking in depth and job hunting felt to be an insurmountable task. However, Malcolm was professionally encouraging, highly responsive and his skilful approach to writing my new resume was the springboard I needed to get my current position as well as other job offers from Commonwealth departments. I am extremely grateful.read moreNikita05:12 06 Jan 21After years of trying to break into the Human Resources field I was recommended Republic Resumes. Malcolm was friendly,... professional, quick to respond to any queries that I had and kept in communication. His industry knowledge was valuable and he collaborated well with me to develop my cover letter and resume. Malcolm was able to extract the necessary information he needed and beautifully captured my transferable skills. He was adept at using HR jargon and created a well articulated and professional tailored cover letter and resume under 1 week, which landed me 3 interviews. I am now working in my dream job and workplace as a Human Resources Coordinator!read moreAnastasia Nicholas04:42 31 Dec 20I was recommended republic resumes after I was looking to improve my resume to start looking for a career. I mainly... struggled with the right words to use and a good structure to showcase the right skills to employers. Even over the holiday season the responses were consistently speedy and all my resume and cover letter drafts were finalised in just three days. My resume and cover letter look fantastic and I look forward to using these to apply for work. The value for the price is fantastic. While looking online for other resume writers, the average price was between $400-$600 for all resumes while I was charged just $200 for an entry level resume and cover letter. Overall I’m incredibly happy with the work I received and I would definitely recommend this business to others!read moreDaniel Grech21:45 26 Dec 20I had been employed by the same company for 18 years and in that time had made good progression however with no formal... qualifications. When I decided it was time to make a career change, I needed to show my potential employees that my past on the job experiences could be an asset to their company. I found Malcolm through google search and reading reviews, I reached out and was happy when he squeezed me in to his already full schedule. Both being super busy at the time, Malcolm made the process easy asking the right questions via email generally completing each step quicker than he would initially advise. The new resume and cover letter were exactly what I needed and helped me gain a new position in the industry that I had set my sights on. Thanks again Malcom.read moreCheryl M23:32 23 Dec 20Helped me make sense of what I wanted and got onto paper what I knew I could do, but didn't know how to express.... Friendly and very quick to respond. Successfully gained employment shortly after. Thank you Malcolm!read moreAndre Escobar09:38 21 Dec 20Thanks to the resume and cover letter that Malcolm tailored for me, I was able to land my dream job, which was really... difficult for me to get as I am an international student trying to get a job related with my career in a pharmacy. Great, professional and fast service. Malcolm was always very nice and prompt. I definitely recommend Republic Resumes.read moreAmy Edwards22:05 20 Dec 20Malcolm used a resume that I had already been using and developed it into a strong document that helped me to change... fields from Retail to Human Resources. He highlighted my transferable skills and emphasized my degree in Human Resources. From this new resume and cover letter, I was accepted into the Australian Public Service Human Resources Graduate program in Canberra. Malcolm is very quick to respond, and we collaborated to make the final document within 10 days of initiation.read moreAllan Stenson10:54 20 Dec 20After many unsuccessful applications I contacted Malcolm to assist in redesigning my resume and cover letters. He... provided a quality, professional service with very quick responses. The results were immediate with several interview offers which resulted in a job. I would have no hesitation in recommending Malcolm to anyone looking to create or update their resume. Thanks Malcolm!read moreThai Dang03:15 17 Dec 20If you're looking to get your resume done or touched up, Republic Resume is the place to go to. Malcolm did an... exceptional job on my resume and I couldn't be happier with it. Will definitely recommend to all my friends and family.read moreOlena Romanova07:12 12 Dec 20Amazing professional and expert in his field . As a TAFE graduate and career changer I looked for professional resume... writers , after the search , some asking skyrocketing prices and others having no reviews on their services I found Republic Resume , thanks to the good reviews. Malcolm replied in 15 minutes after my first request , very prompt , professional and helpful , the instructions easy to follow and price was extremely good and 100% worth it . For the next 3 days we had multiple communication going on with Malcolm redrafting my resume again and again until it looked perfect . During all the process I felt extremely valued and Malcolm was very helpful and eager to do his best to help me in the best possible way . I was surprised when he picked up such small details from my studies and previous work experience that I could not even think about and it is amazing how such a small things make such a huge difference in the end .Cannot thank you even more ,Malcolm ,for such a great job . Will definitely be recommending you to everyone who is looking for a job ,planning a career change or simply upgrading the resume . Many thanks . Best wishes Olena .read moreMelissa Tittoto19:56 09 Dec 20Such an easy process! Fast, friendly and very professional. I got a job within 1 week of having my resume done!Ashley Gunal10:05 04 Dec 20Thank you Malcolm for delivering my resume above expectations. I am impressed and highly recommend those needing... assistance with writing a professional resume to contact Malcolm at Republic Resumes.read moreHailey Lane01:43 03 Dec 20Malcolm was incredibly helpful. Having trawled the internet in search of an Adelaide based professional resume writer,... I came across his reviews and immediately sent through an email with my resume and cover letter. I emailed him late at night and had received a response by the time I woke up. Not only did I have a response, but he was kind enough to edit what I had provided and make further suggestions to suit the role I was looking at moving into. Not an easy task when you're looking at an unrelated traineeship following the completion of a trade qualification. Can't recommend him enough. Thank you, Malcolm.read moreThomas Dell'Antonio07:46 17 Sep 20Malcolm was professional, fast and detailed. I was very impressed with the resume and cover letter he completed for me,... and was even kind enough to write a free cover letter for a role on the cusp of closing applications. Further, I gathered Malcolm is a hard worker who strives for customer satisfaction. Despite being busy he made the time to do this in concise fashion without delay. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend his services to others, I was thoroughly impressedread moreSyed Hasan14:54 11 Aug 20Malcolm is an excellent resume writer, professional and very responsive all the way in his Job. Thanks a lot for... helping me out.read moreDavid Steve04:58 10 Jul 20After my initial contact with Republic Resume, I was pleasantly surprised to receive a response within ten minutes. Due... to Covid19 Malcolm advised me that he has been very busy, however, he has produced an extremely good quality Resume for me which I will be confident to present to HR staff and future employers. Very pleased with the speed, accuracy and professionalism showed throughout this short and pleasant experience. Daveread moreNgoc Tien Nguyen16:58 31 May 20Malcolm is a very professional resume expert. He responds to emails promptly and always finish everything on time.... Malcolm also gives me a lot of honest advices and support. He also asked a lot of mind-intrigued questions that give me a clearer view about my career path. Last but not least, he had been able to help me shorten my four-page resume to a career-focused with two pages only along with a wonderful cover letter.read moreErin Carnachan00:54 17 Feb 20After googling and researching different companies, I contacted Malcolm to re-write my very old and outdated resume.... Malcolm was quick to respond, gave me an upfront quote and got straight to work. Malcolm worked with me to come up with a professionally written resume that really highlighted my skills and experiences and a cover letter that specifically targeted the job I wanted to apply for. Malcolm has been friendly, professional and efficient. I highly recommend Malcolm from Resume Republic.read moreT 202000:07 03 Oct 19Very prompt, pleasure to deal with. Highly Recommended.. understands how to deliver a quality resume by capturing... career wins in a short and concise way.read moreNatasha Lockett00:32 28 Sep 19Malcom was extremely professional and efficient. Yes there are questions you need to provide answers for to Malcom of... course and the quicker you reply to him the quicker your resume is tailored to your needs. Would highly recommend to anyone.read moreEliane Lim12:04 27 Sep 19Great Service! I strongly recommend Malcolm service! He did a fantastic resume for me and I got a job within a month!Geuel Manaen Manzano II09:44 20 Aug 19Very professional. Replies promptly. I used the resume he made for my application for Engineers Australia and it... passed. I would recommend him for people who need to update their resume.read moreSW Y12:35 15 Aug 19Was so lucky to find these people especially Malcolm. He edited my horrible resume to the top quality written one. He... was also so fast and such professional writer that I could trust 100%. Anyone who needs help with resume writing, I strongly recommend here.read moreNext ReviewsPreparing for a video job interview← Prev post next post →Video job interviews are becoming more common due to Covid-19. Here are a few video interview tips. I’ve taken some tips from recruiters, Robert Half, who is way ahead of the curve and added my own thoughts.Check your surroundings. Make sure the background is free from clutter and embarrassing items like laundry piles. Avoid background noise like passing cars or screaming kids.Get familiar with the webcam and microphone and understand how they work. The audio and video must come through clearly and the camera should be set at eye level. If you have a friend or family member who can assist doing a trial run, this will help prevent potential equipment issues. Charge your laptop or tablet the night before.When preparing for a video interview, wear business attire. To avoid contrast issues, stick to solid colours that aren’t too dark or too light and stay away from stripes.Your video camera will have a recording function. Prior to the interview, rehearse your video interview questions and answers direct to camera, for example, ‘Why do you want the job?’ ‘What experience and skills do you bring?’ It will give you some great insights to how you are delivering your answers and make you feel more confident in the interview.Keep it professional. Be sure that if you are using Skype or another video platform your user name is professional.Maintain eye contact. Look directly into the camera. Speak directly into the microphone so the interviewer can hear you clearly.Let the interviewer finish before giving your answers. Digital video streaming can be delayed so take a couple of seconds before responding.Keep your resume close. Just be sure not to look away from the camera too much. Having notes can be a good tool to refer to between the video interview questions.Remember to smile and come across as warm and personable.Put your best foot forwardMalcolm builds expert resumes, cover letters and LinkedIn profiles, which unleash an unbeatable business case to promote you as a 'must have' asset to an employer.contact us© 2021 Republic Resumes | ABN: 77 398 943 132Terms & Conditions | website designed by"
