"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesEngineering 237 Management 206 Defense 133 Professional Services 112 Business 77 Veterinary Services 76Accounting 63 Information Technology (IT) 59 Installation - Maint - Repair 50 Health Care 37 Nurse 36 Education 33 Nonprofit - Social Services 33 Manufacturing 32MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 47 Contractor 5 Full/Part-Time 2Refine by Salary Rangeup to $20,000 1 $20,000 - $40,000 7 $40,000 - $75,000 6 $75,000 - $100,000 2 $100,000 - $150,000 1 $150,000 - $200,000 1Construction Government Customer Service Other General Labor Retail Facilities Skilled Labor Sales Supply Chain California4,143 jobs foundJan 25, 2021Ready Mix Truck Driver Featured$24.00 - $26.00 hourlyGary Bale Redi-Mix Concrete, Inc. is hiring responsible Concrete Mixer Drivers and Material Truck Drivers at both our Irvine and San Juan Capistrano locations! Job includes safely driving a multi-axle truck to transport freshly mixed concrete or rock and sand from our batch plant to various jobsites around Orange County. Driver must make normal operating adjustments to equipment and material being hauled (i.e., slump on concrete). Job also requires cleaning and washing of vehicle, which includes the removal of concrete buildup on all exterior parts of the Mixer. We are known for having the nicest equipment in the industry and we pay each driver 30 min per day to clean their truck once their shift has finished. Driver will be responsible for working in a safe manner at all times, reporting all incidents/injuries to management as soon as they occur and will be required to attend Safety Meetings as scheduled by Management. Driver may be required to perform other related duties....Gary Bale Redi-Mix, Inc. 16131 Construction Circle East, Irvine, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 20, 2021Site Security Specialist (PHYSEC/Industrial) Los Angeles, CA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://watermarkriskmanagementinternationalllc.applytojob.com/apply/hyqRgZSDEA/Site-Security-Specialist-PHYSECIndustrial Watermark Risk Management International has an exciting opportunity for a talented Physical/Industrial Security Specialist to join our team. Position Description: This position provides physical security (PS), industrial security, and cybersecurity support for collateral, SCI and SAP systems in accordance with ICD, DODM, legacy DCID/JAFAN, and other DoD and national guidance for facilities with internal networks and guest systems. Provides industrial security support to SAR acquisition programs. In this role you will… Assist Government security authorities in managing acquisition programs’ industrial security requirements Responsible for ensuring compliance with DODM, ICD, or legacy DCID/JAFAN physical security and IA requirements and maintaining...Watermark Risk Management International, LLC Los Angeles, CA Full-TimeJan 20, 2021Activity Security Representative (ASR) II Los Angeles, CA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://watermarkriskmanagementinternationalllc.applytojob.com/apply/MQGyNy2Yrl/Activity-Security-Representative-ASR-II Watermark Risk Management International has an exciting opportunity for a talented Activity Security Representative (ASR) II to join our team. Position Description: The position will provide “day-to-day” support for Collateral, Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Program (SAP) activities. In this role you will…. Classify reviews of inbound and outbound correspondence in the maintenance of a document accountability database and associated correspondence Process inbound and outbound classified mail and receipt records Perform destruction of classified materials Process magnetic media for accountability Reproduction support for classified materials Maintain various daily logs for a variety of administrative functions associated...Watermark Risk Management International, LLC Los Angeles, CA Full-TimeJan 13, 2021Java Developer Seaside, CA FeaturedWe are looking to add a Java Developer to a program supporting the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC). This team is providing continuous evaluation and working to expedite and automate the security clearance process. In this role, you will determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. You will design, modify, develop, write and implement application code to support DMDC’s mission of providing automated record checks of commercial and government data sources to provide near real-time identification of adverse information. Job Qualifications Current DoD Secret Clearance required Security + Certification Bachelor’s degree and 3+ years software development (or equivalent combination of education and experience) to include: Developing J2EE applications and Web Services including performance tuning and testing. Solid/advance Java programming and object-oriented analysis...Advanced Onion Seaside, CA Full-TimeJan 13, 2021Data Analyst Seaside, CA Seaside, CA FeaturedWe are looking to add a Data Analyst to a program supporting the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) . This team is providing continuous evaluation and working to expedite and automate the security clearance process. In this role, you will conduct program, project, and operations research to support identity management; assess technology developments to identify emerging technologies that may have program applications. On a day to day basis you will: Apply frequent and systematic due diligence to evaluate and support signature reduction efforts Respond and fulfill requests to support and enhance data to facilitate the successful implementation of procedures Serve as customer liaison coordinating with contractors, government personnel, and technical experts Support ad-hoc operational data emergencies, assessing in real-time for various occurrences of issues and troubleshooting in order to rectify problems and improve data quality Research, create, develop, and...Advanced Onion Seaside, CA Full-TimeJan 13, 2021Quality Assurance Specialist Seaside, CA FeaturedQuality Assurance Specialist (Functional Tester) Database and Software Development Ingenuity is at the heart of this company's approach to helping clients collect, store, manage, visualize and utilize data. Subject Matter Experts within the team are equally adept at refining existing software and developing original programs supporting key functional operations. We are seeking a new member to join this team to help us provide solutions for the Department of Defense. The products delivered by this team actively help to ensure the safety of Service Members and their families around the world. This is a great position for someone with a strong understanding of the software testing environment who is interested in gaining experience in functional testing. On a day to day basis you will perform duties associated with Test planning, Hardware/Software Testing, Documentation and assessment and other duties as they relate to Quality Assurance and software testing to include:...Advanced Onion Seaside, CA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Fire Protection Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Architect - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Electrical Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Mechanical Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Civil/Structural Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 06, 2021Technical Writer FeaturedTechnical Writer Oxnard, CA About Us: JSL Technologies, Inc. (JSL) is a certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) and Veteran-Owned government contractor providing engineering, logistics, and program support services to the Department of Defense (DoD). Our team of 350 employees is committed to delivering practical, innovative, and affordable solutions. We are headquartered in Oxnard, CA and provide top tier services across the nation. JSL fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed, and highly accomplished professionals who respect each other, hold themselves accountable, and continually strive for improvement. We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package. Security Clearance: Applicants must have an active security clearance and/or the ability to obtain and maintain a US government security clearance. Selected candidates will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility...JSL Technologies, Inc. Port Hueneme, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 06, 2021Program Manager - Navy Weapon Systems FeaturedProgram Manager Oxnard, CA About Us: JSL Technologies, Inc. (JSL) is a certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) and Veteran-Owned government contractor providing engineering, logistics, and program support services to the Department of Defense (DoD). Our team of over 350 employees is committed to delivering practical, innovative, and affordable solutions. We are headquartered in Oxnard, CA and provide top tier services across the nation. JSL fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed, and highly accomplished professionals who respect each other, hold themselves accountable, and continually strive for improvement. We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package. Security Clearance: Applicants must have an active security clearance and/or the ability to obtain and maintain a US government security clearance. Selected candidates will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility...JSL Technologies, Inc. Oxnard, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 05, 2021Contracts Administrator FeaturedContracts Administrator Oxnard, CA About Us: JSL Technologies, Inc. (JSL) is a certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) and Veteran-Owned government contractor providing engineering, logistics, and program support services to the Department of Defense (DoD). Our team of over 350 employees is committed to delivering practical, innovative, and affordable solutions. We are headquartered in Oxnard, CA and provide top tier services across the nation. JSL fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed, and highly accomplished professionals who respect each other, hold themselves accountable, and continually strive for improvement. We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package. Security Clearance: Applicants must have an active security clearance and/or the ability to obtain and maintain a US government security clearance. Selected candidates will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet...JSL Technologies, Inc. Oxnard, CA, USA Full-TimeOct 22, 2020User Support Service Manager FeaturedPosition Summary The USS Manager supervises the User Support Service (USS) team and directs all technical support services to the HMC campus, which consists of approximately 1,000 faculty, staff, and student users. Ensures the USS team provides technical consultation for hardware, software and audio-visual systems support to campus users, which includes; troubleshooting, researching, analyzing and responding to a wide range of routine and complex issues or questions and requests for assistance. The USS Manager coordinates the daily work and schedules of the USS technical analysts to ensure that priorities are aligned, service requests are fulfilled in a timely manner, and workload is equitable. The USS Manager initiates and oversees the development of documentation for the operations of the User Support Services. Serves as the first point of escalation and contact for faculty, staff and students who need additional support from the USS team or are dissatisfied with service. The...Harvey Mudd College Claremont, CA, USA Full-TimeApr 02, 2020Customer Service Featured$40,000 - $80,000 yearlyA successful Customer Service Associate enjoys helping customers and takes personal responsibility for delivering outstanding customer service. Responsibilities include: Answering In-bound phones calls throughout your shift focused primarily on the following: Authenticating customer identity and accounts Responding to customer needs and inquiries while adhering to measurable departmental goals Providing accurate and timely information Transferring customers to the appropriate destination for their individual needs Demonstrating empathy Utilizing effective questioning and active listening Demonstrating confidence and knowledge Getting the customer to the correct solution in an efficient manner Adhering to our policies and procedures and honoring our culture of mutual respect, honesty and integrity Demonstrate agility and adaptability in a fast paced environment and a desire to take on additional responsibilities What we offer: Full-Time...Sequoia Pacific Realty Remote (San Francisco, CA, USA) Full-TimeJan 25, 2021Civil Engineering Intern - Vertical StructuresMinimum Clearance Required to Start: Not Applicable/None Job Description: Ready to advance your education and have the opportunity to work on large scale engineering projects? Parsons is now accepting applications for an Engineering Co-op Student who have a great attention to detail and ready join a rapidly growing team, enhancing the fabric of our community. Parsons extensive experience in this field, combined with your willingness to work hard will propel your career and opportunities forward. We need our interns to be versatile, enthusiastic to work in highly flexible, team-oriented environments that have exceptional communication, analytical and organizational skills In this role, under direction of a degreed engineer, you will perform a variety of basic to moderately-difficult engineering support assignments requiring a fundamental knowledge of design/drafting standards, practices, and techniques. The co-op student at this level typically takes engineering notes,...Construction Jobs Inc Pasadena, CA, USAJan 25, 2021Safety Coordinator (Rosamond, CA)Description: Do you want to work with your fellow owners? Rosendin is one of the largest electrical contractors in the United States, employing over 7,000 people. We are EMPLOYEE OWNED - For more than 100 years, Rosendin has created a reputation for building quality electrical and communications installations, building value for clients, and building people within the company. APPLY TODAY! The Safety Coordinator located in Rosamond, CA is responsible for assisting in the administration of the job site safety program to maintain a safe and healthy work environment. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES : Conduct regular walk thorough inspections of construction areas Assist in identifying, documenting and recommending mitigation of hazardous/potentially hazardous conditions; follow through to ensure corrections have been made. Assist with investigating incidents, injuries and property damage; including compiling data, taking...Construction Jobs Inc Orange, CA, USAJan 25, 2021Senior Business Development Director - Water/WastewaterMinimum Clearance Required to Start: Not Applicable/None Job Description: Senior Business Development Director - Water/Wastewater Competition makes you stronger You love a challenge. You thrive on seeing possibilities and opportunities that others miss and coming up with productive, creative solutions. Your competitive spirit gets you over and around obstacles and your drive is motivational to others. That's what makes you the kind of senior executive we want and need. We value the way that healthy competition advances our business and all the people in it, and your talent at challenging people to be their best will be appreciated and rewarded. If your energy needs an outlet (and a lot of recognition), we've got a challenge for you to enter... and win. Position Overview: If you're an experienced business development professional with a mind for sales, Parsons has an opportunity for you! We are seeking a Senior Business Development Director to lead and direct...Construction Jobs Inc Pasadena, CA, USAJan 25, 2021Project ControllerBe involved in projects with our Project Controls & Technology Team and be a part of a growing organization that meets our client’s objectives and solves their challenges. At WSP, we are driven by inspiring the right people to be part of our future-focused business objectives. Our devotion to teamwork has allowed us to build communities and expand our skylines. Here at WSP, anything is within our reach and yours as a WSP employee. Come join us and help shape the future! WSP is currently initiating a search for a Project Controller for either our San Francisco or San Jose offices. Duties and Responsibilities: Review bids and proposals with project team for scope, pricing, allowances and contract terms Review and commit invoices based on project timeline, contract terms and documentation backup Control change management workflow, review internal request and vendor proposed changes with project team, complete change management documentation and signatory, participate in...Construction Jobs Inc San Francisco, CA, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
