"Why job titles aren't that important in Denmark: (And why showing off YOUR title will make Danes think you’re a jerk)	Why job titles aren't that important in Denmark: (And why showing off YOUR title will make Danes think you’re a jerk)PodcastsStories about life in DenmarkGet the BooksBook an EventIn the MediaT-Shirts + MerchandiseContact KayPodcasts, Stories about life in Denmark, Working in Denmark: Danish Business CultureWhy job titles aren’t that important in DenmarkWhen I do How to Live in Denmark presentations, I generally ask for just a few simple items – a screen, a remote, and a glass of water.On a recent gig, I was provided with everything except the water. And since I had met several of the company’s employees when I arrived – handshakes with Mette, Søren, Nikolaj – I asked one of them to kindly get me a glass of water. I asked Nikolaj.Nikolaj smiled, walked off, and brought me back a glass of water.It was only after the presentation was finished and I was home making connections on LinkedIn that I found out that Nikolaj was Senior Vice President for Europe, with more than 650 people working for him and a salary that must have been in the 3 million-kroner-a-year zone.But Nikolaj had never mentioned his title to me, because that’s just not done in Denmark.Passion for equalityOne of the most important words in the Danish language is ligestilling – equality. The belief that all (Danish) people are basically equal permeates every relationship and every interaction.(It’s one of the reasons customer service tends to be so poor in Denmark – there’s no tradition of anyone serving anyone else.)You could dip deep into Danish history to find the reason for this passion for equality, which probably has something to do with the need for farmers to co-operate in order to make it through the dark Scandinavian winter.Fancy job titles do not fit into that passion for equality. They suggest you think you’re better than someone else. Which you might actually be, if you’ve worked your way to the top of your field, but that admission is slightly embarrassing.No titles on office doorsIf you do have an impressive job title, it’s considered bad taste to show it off.Office doors in Denmark, for example, usually have just the name of the person inside, not their title. When you introduce yourself, whether to one person or an audience of 500, you give just your name, preferably just your first name. (Like Nikolaj did.)And it’s considered laughable to strut about in a way that shows everyone you’re the boss.In fact, when you enter a room of Danish businesspeople, it is almost impossible to tell who the boss is. Everyone’s dressed the same, everyone acts pretty much the same, and nobody shows any particular deference to the boss.This can be a problem when you’re a job hunter or salesperson and have to figure out who in the room has the power to make a decision.Confusing for foreignersTo Danes, titles are pompous. Even doctors and professors use their first names in a spoken context or in casual written communication.But the lack of titles can be confusing to foreigners who do business with Danes. Particularly in hierarchical cultures, many people want to deal with a Dane of a similar status as their own.When highly-educated Danes sign an email with just their first names – as is considered good, equal manners in Denmark – people from hierarchical societies often assume they’re talking to a secretary or an intern.That can get in the way of a good business deal.I recently read a Danish guide to doing business in India. The writer suggested that Danish people not just use their job titles, but actually create a job title that sounds as impressive as the Indian they want to do business with.Don’t understand the competitive worldFor a Dane, that’s a little bit like putting on a costume at a party.Titles seem artificial and make them feel slightly uncomfortable. I do an event that includes tips for Danes working with Americans, and one of the most frequent complaints I hear is howAmericans love their titles and how tiresome and pretentious that is.The truth is, Danes don’t always understand how competitive the world outside Denmark can be.In the USA, India, or China, the competition to get into the “best” schools is brutal and begins in childhood. A “good” primary school may be necessary in order to access a “good” secondary school, which can set you up for a “good” university.If you outperform everyone else at all three, you might get a chance at a “good” job at a “good” company, and then work your way up to a fancy title.That fancy title means your hard work has paid off. It means you’ve “won.”Having grown up in a welfare state with an extensive safety net, it can be hard for Danes to comprehend how important it is to “win”, and how far and fast you can fall if you don’t.Creating a network more important than showing offIn Denmark, it’s much less common to obsess about the “top” primary schools or “top” secondary schools. There are only a few major universities, each of which is “top” in its own subject.And the focus throughout the Danish educational system is on group work, not individual excellence. Successful students focus on building the network they’ll need to get good student jobs and internships in their fields – not on antagonizing people by showing they’re the smartest one around.(Danes who have the “smartest one around” type of personality often end up leaving Denmark; I know of several who have successful businesses in the USA.)Chat about teams, projects, customers, goalsAnyway, if they remain in the local business world, Danes don’t start a conversation with a potential new contact by asking about titles. They chat about teams, projects, customers, goals, maybe past companies they’ve worked for. If a title is mentioned it all, it’s mentioned at the end of the conversation.It’s even considered a bit crass to research someone’s title before you meet them, although with LinkedIn that’s increasingly easy to do.Knowing someone’s title suggests you care about hierarchy and might not have a full commitment to equality.And to be fair, the flat management structure at Danish companies means someone’s title doesn’t always reflect how much power they have, or their ability to hire or sign on the dotted line. Or whether or not they’ll be asked to fetch a visiting American a cold glass of water.Hear all our How to Live in Denmark podcasts on Spotify and on Apple Podcasts (iTunes).Get the How to Work in Denmark Book for more tips on finding a job in Denmark, succeeding at work, and understanding your Danish boss. It can be ordered via Amazon or Saxo.com or from any bookstore using the ISBN 978-743-000-80-8. Contact Kay to ask about bulk purchases, or visit our books site to find out how to get the eBook. You can also book a How to Work in Denmark event with Kay for your school, company, or professional organization.Want to read more? Try the How to Live in Denmark book, available in paperback or eBook editions, and in English, Chinese, and Arabic. If you represent a company or organization, you can also book Kay Xander Mellish to stage a How to Live in Denmark event tailored for you, including the popular How to Live in Denmark Game Show. Kay stages occasional free public events too. Follow our How to Live in Denmark Facebook page to keep informed.Image mashup copyright Kay Xander Mellish 2021Working in Denmark or hoping to find a job in Denmark? Get the How to Work in Denmark Book for tips on finding a job, succeeding at work, and understanding your Danish boss. It can be ordered via Amazon or Saxo.com or from any bookstore using the ISBN 978-8-743-000-80-8. Contact Kay to ask about bulk purchases, including special orders with your company logo. You can also plan a How to Work in Denmark event with Kay for your school, company, or professional organization.How to Live in Denmark is the updated version of our very first book based on the popular podcast and the essays you’ll see on this site. You can purchase it on Amazon and Saxo.com, or get the original book on Google Play in English, Chinese, and Arabic. You can also book Kay Xander Mellish to stage an event tailored for your company or organization, including the popular How to Live in Denmark Game Show, a great way for Danes and internationals to have fun together.DenmarkjobsWorkMarch 1, 2017 by Kay Xander MellishKay Xander MellishKay Xander Mellish is a writer living in Copenhagen, Denmark.Previous Post Next PostYou Might Also LikeJob Search in Denmark Part 3: Your Danish cover letter, plus LinkedIn, plus two magic wordsMarch 13, 2016The Two Months of Christmas in Denmark: Holiday drinking starts nowNovember 17, 2015Danes and Authority: The giant penis on the wall, or how to deal with Danish civil servantsAugust 17, 20144 CommentsReply a german :-) March 5, 2017 at 9:48 amLooks like a have to read and learn a lot. At the moment im not sure how to search for a job in dansk. My wife comes from “Schleswig Holstein” years ago we have to move to the south….we like to go back to the north. Its difficult if you are specialised in IT (Storage) north of hamburg. There is no big IT. Have to read, thanks for your hints and tips.Reply Ashutosh Mehndiratta June 3, 2017 at 7:40 amVery insightful!Reply Akshay Aggarwal December 27, 2017 at 3:38 pmI read many of your articles and now .I have myself lived in Europe for around 3 years(in Amsterdam and Munich) and I totally agree with you(though there might be slight differences in the Danish,Dutch and German cultures) as you rightly pointed out in one of your articles but it seems to me that Europe is almost similar in many ways.Big fan of yours as never read such elaborate and true descriptions.Hope you see this message and are able to acknowledge my compliment.Will definitely buy the book as soon as I get a job.My best wishes to you.AkshayReply Kay Xander Mellish December 27, 2017 at 3:48 pmThanks Akshay! I’m glad I could be helpful.Leave a Reply Cancel ReplyName *Email *WebsiteThis site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.Subscribe & FollowLatest PostsDriving in Denmark: Doll-size parking spaces and unexpected U-turnsNovember 27, 2020How to Live in Denmark in the MediaNovember 7, 2020Moving to Denmark: A few basic tipsNovember 5, 2020Denmark is not just CopenhagenOctober 26, 2020Working with Danes: Tips for Americans – Get the book!October 21, 2020About MeKay Xander Mellish has lived in Denmark for more than a decade. She runs a consultancy that helps Danish companies communicate in English and is a popular keynote speaker on topics that include Danish business culture, how newcomers can fit into Danish society, and the “Danglish” that Danes often struggle with when speaking or writing English.Kay is the author of \"How to Live in Denmark\" (2014), \"Top 35 Mistakes Danes Make in English\" (2016), \"How to Work in Denmark\" (2018),\"Working with Americans: Tips for Danes\" (2019), and \"Working with Danes: Tips for Americans\" (2020).Facebook InstagramBack to top"
