"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesOther 1253 Retail 1245 Professional Services 928 Health Care 891 Nurse 887 Education 886Engineering 96 Defense 66 Veterinary Services 41 Accounting 31 Manufacturing 11 Science 11 Sales 10MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 4Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 1Construction Management Customer Service Installation - Maint - Repair Automotive Architecture Environment Entry Level Nonprofit - Social Services Business Pennsylvania1,017 jobs foundOct 15, 2020Recruiter/HR Coordinator-Philadelphia, PA FeaturedThe Human Resources department of the American College of Physicians (ACP) is seeking a full-time Recruiter/HR Coordinator. ACP, a national organization of internists with headquarters in Philadelphia, is the largest medical specialty organization and the second-largest physician group in the United States with more than 159,000 members worldwide. The Recruiter/HR Coordinator is responsible for supporting Human Resources staff in the areas of recruitment, administrative support, onboarding, employee relations, and employment law compliance. A primary focus of this position is assisting with the recruitment process by placing ads, screening candidates, scheduling interviews, administering testing, and conducting background and reference checks. Other responsibilities include: Ensures new employees have proper employment related documents and prepares required records/files in accordance with government regulations and College policy. Prepares and tracks all HR...American College of Physicians Philadelphia, PA, USA Full-TimeOct 15, 2020Admin Coordinator-Philadelphia, PA FeaturedThe American College of Physicians (ACP) is looking for a full-time Administrative Coordinator in its Medical Education division. ACP, a national organization of internists with headquarters in Philadelphia, is the largest medical specialty organization and the second-largest physician group in the United States with more than 159,000 members worldwide. The Administrative Coordinator provides general administrative support to several senior leaders and other staff within the fast-paced Medical Education division. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Maintaining calendars, arranging meetings, preparing materials, coordinating travel arrangements, and tracking and submitting expenses for reimbursement Coordinating logistics related to Education Committee meetings and other events, including securing locations, sending out invitations, preparing agendas, taking minutes, and tracking deliverables Working with the Manager, Grant Projects & Administration...American College of Physicians Philadelphia, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 26, 2021Senior Signals ManagerBe involved in projects with our Transit and Rail Team and be a part of a growing organization that meets our client’s objectives and solves their challenges. At WSP, we are driven by inspiring the right people to be part of our future-focused business objectives. Our devotion to teamwork has allowed us to build communities and expand our skylines. Here at WSP, anything is within our reach and yours as a WSP employee. Come join us and help shape the future! WSP is currently initiating a search for a Sr. Signals Manager for our Philadelaphia, PA office. Duties and Responsibilities: Apply advanced knowledge of train control systems engineering principles and techniques. Apply understanding of industry standard design processes and understanding of appropriate engineering means and methods. Apply Understanding of train control commissioning processes for new and existing construction. Perform engineering design reviews for implementation and commissioning related...Construction Jobs Inc Philadelphia, PA, USAJan 25, 2021Project Director - Sustainability, Energy and Climate ChangeBe involved in projects with our Climate Resiliency and Sustainability Team and be a part of a growing organization that meets our client’s objectives and solves their challenges. At WSP, we are driven by inspiring the right people to be part of our future-focused business objectives. Our devotion to teamwork has allowed us to build communities and expand our skylines. Here at WSP, anything is within our reach and yours as a WSP employee. Come join us and help shape the future! WSP USA’s Climate Resilience and Sustainability practice has an immediate opening for a Project Director to support the company’s growing Sustainability, Energy and Climate Change offering. See wsp.com/advancingsustainability for a description of our team and capabilities. The individual will lead client-facing teams in the design, implementation, and management of organizational sustainability and resilience programs. Candidates should be passionate about sustainability and resilience, self-motivated...Construction Jobs Inc Bethlehem, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Sales Administrator 1PURPOSE:Perform administrative support at a basic operational level regarding two or more of the essential support functions necessary for the operation of the branch, including sales support and inventory support, and basic accounting/bookkeeping support. BASIC FUNCTIONSMust adhere to Harris Rebars safety programs and standards.Demonstrate conduct consistent with Harris Rebars vision and valuesAssist with answering phones and general office administration functions.Assist sales/estimating staff in the preparation of sales bids and project quotations.Assist with sales follow up and reporting.Develop exceptional working relationships with customers and vendors.Prepare and record necessary paperwork.Assist with basic accounts payable and accounts receivable tasks.Perform other duties as required by the supervisor. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSLegally authorized to work in the United States without company sponsorship now or in the future.Must have a high school diploma, GED or local/state...Construction Jobs Inc Bethlehem, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Program ManagerOverview The Program Manager is responsible for implementing and administering one or more corporate programs, typically consisting of multiple projects or sub-projects. Within Black Box, a \"program\" is defined as either a) a collection of related projects with a common purpose and strategic goal, or b) a large complex delivery engagement that involves a high degree of complexity. A \"program\" can be dedicated to one client or can span across multiple clients. The Program Manager has ultimate accountability for the successful delivery of assigned programs & projects, where success is defined as on schedule, on budget, within the approved scope, with a high degree of quality, and a satisfied client. The Program Manager serves as the main point of contact with the client and provides overall leadership across Black Box's multiple organizations to successfully deliver to our clients. https://www.bboxservices.com/ Responsibilities Execute NACS PMO standards, processes...Black Box Pennsylvania, USAJan 23, 2021Quality Engineering InternOverview The Quality Engineer intern will work within the Technology Product Solutions division of Black Box and assist in process improvement, automation, writing macros, setting up quality metrics and reporting and will get exposure to KPI's for managing hardware. Responsibilities Understand and apply problem solving, root cause analysis, and solution validation. Understand and apply failure mode & effects analysis, control plans, sampling plans, and statistical analysis. Assist in developing control plans. Understand and apply measurement and test techniques. Measurement and test product, and record results without supervision. Understand quality management systems and ISO 9001:2015. Understand auditing and conduct audits. Successfully conduct audits as a support auditor. Understand and apply lean concepts. Complete improvement project utilizing lean methodology. Create and deliver presentations summarizing what was learned, how it was applied, and any results....Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Digital Marketing InternOverview The Digital Marketing intern will work within the Marketing Department to understand and execute upon digital strategies that drive activity and growth. This position will be exposed to several facets of Digital Marketing with the opportunity to make valuable contributions to our digital marketing workflows. Responsibilities INTERNSHIP DETAILS & RESPONSIBILITIES: The Intern will be assigned a Coach and Mentor to guide them through their experience. The Intern will be assigned a project which will be presented to Black Box Management at the conclusion of the Internship. Will support the web team by managing and organizing website content, and assets across all countries. Create and schedule social media posts. Organize asset library (Creative Hub). Audit website for gaps. TRAINING OVERVIEW: Opportunities to learn about different areas of the Telecomm business. On-the-Job training with assignments guided by an individual Mentor/supervisor. Online,...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021CW - AssemblerOverview Assembler - Disassembles and/or assembles technical equipment. Reads and interprets instructions, assembly parts and tools, and fits electronic components together with a focus on quality and efficiency. Pull & pack parts for manufacturing team. Top Skills Needed: Quick Learner Reliable Flexible Standard Hours: Mon - Friday 7:00am-3:30pm (OT possible, but voluntary) Currently a Short term contract with possible extension(s) depending on workload Candidate Selection process: 1st - phone interview with Kevin Funkhouser (Director of Manufacturing Operations) & Pam Johnson (Production Supervisor). Mgr will call candidate 2nd - In Person with Kevin Funkhouser (Director of Manufacturing Operations) & Pam Johnson (Production Supervisor) Responsibilities Pulls/pack parts Cable assembly Performs a variety of tasks to assemble components, subassemblies, products, or systems in fiber optic or cable assembly. This may be accomplished through rotation of...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Remote Sr. Sales Engineer- UCaas/CXOverview The Remote UCaas/CX Sr. Sales Engineer (SE) is a key contributor to Black Box Network Services' Enterprise Solution Engineering practice. The SE will need to leverage a healthy balance of technical and sales skills in a very dynamic and fast pace environment. The SE is an integral part of both the strategic sales process and ensuring post sale solution adoption. Leveraging (Company) innovative solution portfolio, the primary objective is providing technical thought leadership for our largest and most complex unified communication and collaboration opportunities. The primary customer interaction for this role is with C-Level executives, technology management and line of business owners. Avaya, Ring Central, Genesys, InContact or Cisco technologies preferred. www.bboxservices.com Preferred locations: Dallas, Raleigh, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Phoenix or any SouthWest location. Responsibilities As a Sales Engineer (SE), you will be the lead technical evangelist...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 23, 2021Remote Pre-Sales Solutions Architect - WIFIOverview The Solution Architect's (SA's) role is one of a pre-sales resource to utilize their technology background to lead the consultative discovery of the client/prospect's business goals, objectives, and challenges and to translate them into effective WiFi technology solutions. The SA plays a leadership role, by analyzing business requirements, presenting related solutions, and driving the business case and financial justifications. Qualified candidates will possess deep experience in the communications and/or network industry in a sales-oriented, technical solution design and architecture role, with an emphasis on various Wi-Fi network architectures, www.bboxservices.com Preferred locations: Dallas, Raleigh, San Francisco/Bay Area, Chicago, Atlanta, Minneapolis, Pittsburgh, Phoenix, Seattle Remote available for the right candidate. Responsibilities Develop Wi-Fi solutions and strategies Serve as a deal architect for multi-faceted, multi-technology solutions...Black Box Lawrence, PA, USAJan 21, 2021Chief of Staff DoctorSUMMARY OF JOB PURPOSE AND FUNCTION The primary purpose and function of the Chief of Staff is to manage the hospital and ensure the highest quality of veterinary care, exceptional client service, associate engagement and maximum productivity of the veterinary medical team. This position advocates for pets and their quality of life; builds a long term bonding relationship with clients; contributes to the development and maintenance of the human-pet bond; educates clients and hospital associates on all aspects of pet health. The Chief of Staff partners with the Practice Manager (if applicable) to operate an effective and productive veterinary medical team, ensure a safe and engaging hospital environment, and improve both the medical quality and business performance of the hospital. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS The ratio of time spent on leadership duties and practicing veterinarian responsibilities will vary depending on the hospital situation; the Chief of Staff must...Banfield Pet Hospital Pittsburgh, PA, USAJan 21, 2021CAD Drafter - RemoteDescription We are proud of the national recognition our company has received. Schumacher Homes has been the recipient of the National Housing Quality Award for excellence in construction standards and customer satisfaction. We are also the recipient of the National Gold Winning Home of the Year recognized by the National Association of Home Builders. No one builds a better home! Schumacher Homes Operations Inc. located at 2715 Wise Avenue, NW Canton, Ohio is currently seeking a CAD Drafter. Our CAD Drafters are responsible create pre-construction drawings from redlines received from their assigned sales offices and then completing final drawings while insuring accuracy, timely production and customer satisfaction. Schumacher Homes offers an excellent benefits package to it's employees including Anthem medical dental and vision coverage, Fidelity 401k plan with an employer match and generous time off benefits. Requirements • Previous experience in the homebuilding...Construction Jobs Inc Philadelphia, PA, USAJan 20, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001579Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stroudsburg, PA 18360, USAJan 20, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001579Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stroudsburg, PA 18360, USAJan 20, 2021Warehouse LaborerShifts: Overnight, Early Morning, Day, Evening, Weekend Location: Hagerstown, MD Job opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions. Hourly pay rate: Earn $15.00 - $15.50 Immediate openings available now. Become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for people relying on Amazons service. From flexible part-time roles to full-time set schedules with health care benefits, Amazon has a variety of jobs. Find the right Amazon opportunity for you today. Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page . Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes. Reasons youll love working here: Health and safety are a top...Construction Jobs Inc Waynesboro, PA 17268, USAJan 20, 2021Warehouse LaborerShifts: Overnight, Early Morning, Day, Evening, Weekend Location: Hagerstown, MD Job opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions. Hourly pay rate: Earn $15.00 - $15.50 Immediate openings available now. Become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for people relying on Amazons service. From flexible part-time roles to full-time set schedules with health care benefits, Amazon has a variety of jobs. Find the right Amazon opportunity for you today. Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page . Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes. Reasons youll love working here: Health and safety are a top...Construction Jobs Inc Blue Ridge Summit, PA 17214, USAJan 20, 2021Warehouse Laborer - Earn up to $15.5/hrShifts: Overnight, Early Morning, Day, Evening, Weekend Location: Hagerstown, MD Job opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions. Hourly pay rate: Earn $15.00 - $15.50 Immediate openings available now. Become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for people relying on Amazons service. From flexible part-time roles to full-time set schedules with health care benefits, Amazon has a variety of jobs. Find the right Amazon opportunity for you today. Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page . Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes. Reasons youll love working here: Health and safety are a top...Construction Jobs Inc Blue Ridge Summit, PA 17214, USAJan 20, 2021Warehouse LaborerShifts: Overnight, Early Morning, Day, Evening, Weekend Location: Hagerstown, MD Job opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions. Hourly pay rate: Earn $15.00 - $15.50 Immediate openings available now. Become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for people relying on Amazons service. From flexible part-time roles to full-time set schedules with health care benefits, Amazon has a variety of jobs. Find the right Amazon opportunity for you today. Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page . Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes. Reasons youll love working here: Health and safety are a top...Construction Jobs Inc State Line, PA, USAJan 20, 2021Warehouse LaborerShifts: Overnight, Early Morning, Day, Evening, Weekend Location: Hagerstown, MD Job opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions. Hourly pay rate: Earn $15.00 - $15.50 Immediate openings available now. Become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for people relying on Amazons service. From flexible part-time roles to full-time set schedules with health care benefits, Amazon has a variety of jobs. Find the right Amazon opportunity for you today. Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page . Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes. Reasons youll love working here: Health and safety are a top...Construction Jobs Inc Greencastle, PA 17225, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
