"Careers at North East Surrey College of Technology - Epsom, United Kingdom, KT17 3DS | fejobsJobsTalent PoolSchool websiteWelcome to the North East Surrey College of Technology career siteWe are searching for the best education professionalsJoin UsCURRENT OPENINGSview_moduleview_streamview_headlineJob TitleApprenticeship Standards Training CoachLocationEpsomPosted7th January 2021Salaryup to £34,000 p.a.HoursFull TimeDescriptionApprenticeship Standards Training Coach (Electrical Installation) up to £34,000 p.a. PRP potential up to additional £6,000 p.a. Additional Payment potential up to £4,000 p.a. for ...OverviewFurther Education Attracted by high success rates, the safe campus and good transport links, our learners study for Apprenticeships, BTEC, NVQ, C&G and professional qualifications in Animal Care, Art & Design, Beauty & Hair, Business & Computing, Childcare, Construction, Creative Media, Health & Social Care, Music Technology, Performing Arts, Photography, Public Services, and Preparation for Life & Work, Sport and Travel & Tourism.Higher Education Nescot specialises in Higher Education (HE) for work, offering University-level courses approved by Kingston University, University of Greenwich and BTEC. Osteopathy, acoustics, perfusion and biomedical science degrees have national reputations. Our courses have been commended in recent reviews, praising the relevance of our courses for students already working or preparing for work.Inspectors were impressed with the quality of teaching and learning and found that our teaching and technical staff were highly qualified with up-to-date skills.About UsNescot is a forward-looking College of Further & Higher Education that serves a large area of South East England with a wide range of vocational and academic courses, both full and part time. Unlike many colleges, we have a single site, set in 70 acres of Surrey green belt in a peaceful setting and providing a safe learning environment - yet the campus is only 30 minutes away from central London by train (with a station conveniently located next to the College). We are only 15 minutes from the M25 and offer a large free on-site car park.The College is dynamic and ambitious and aims to move towards ‘Outstanding’. With our Principal at the helm and a new management team the College has made great strides forward in all areas. In 2010 Ofsted rated Nescot as Outstanding for Leadership, Management, Capacity to Improve, Care & Support for Students, Tutorials, Enrichment, Safeguarding and Financial Management.At Nescot we want to help the learner succeed in their ambitions. Our students value our welcoming, friendly and caring atmosphere. Our lively learning community helps to make the most of their learning experience at the College Our range of courses attracts students from the local community, nationally and from overseas. These include Further Education, Higher Education, professional, leisure, short, full and part-time courses. We pride ourselves in being able to offer courses which meet the educational needs of our students, and in giving them the freedom to develop as an individual.The College offers progression routes at all levels and to our own Higher Education courses in conjunction with a number of Universities including Surrey, Kingston and Kent. We are committed to ensuring that the students achieve their qualification and personal goals in their studies. To help them succeed, we provide support for their learning in various ways, from careers advice, counselling, financial advice, and health to focussed learning support in class.Nescot has 1500 learner PCs situated in PC classrooms and other areas around the college. The Learning Resource Centre alone has over a hundred PCs and laptops for group , individual and classroom study. The IT network reaches across the college with increasing wireless connectivity. There is a yearly rolling IT upgrade programme to further develop the IT Infrastructure to support teaching and learning.Working for usOnce you have registered and applied for a job you can keep yourself informed of the progress of your application on our site. If you have any queries please do not hesitate to contact us on jobs@nescot.ac.uk. We look forward to your application.Nescot is an employer which continually strives to progress with our equality and diversity objectives and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of students and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening including checks with past employers and enhanced DBS clearance.As users of the Disability Confident Scheme, we guarantee to interview all disabled applicants who meet the minimum criteria for the vacancy.Talent PoolJoin Our Talent PoolOur GalleryeTeach"
