"申请飞利浦专业人才职位 |飞利浦招贤纳士主页社会英才关于飞利浦在飞利浦工作专业领域质量法规采购销售研发工程市场营销软件工程师员工博客搜寻职位搜寻职位飞利浦招聘流程飞利浦招聘的常见问题联系我们职位类别职位工作地点类别近期搜索Suggested KeywordsChinaANZ (English)Africa (English)Asia Pacific (English)CEE (English)DACH (German)France (English)Global (English)Great Britain (English)India (English)Indonesia (English)Israel (English)Japan (Japanese)Latin America (Portuguese)Latin America (Spanish)Malaysia (English)Middle East & Turkey (English)Netherlands (Dutch)Netherlands (English)Nordic (English)North America (English)North America (French)Philippines (English)Russia (Russian)Singapore (English)South Korea (Korea)Thailand (English)Vietnam (English)主页职位类别职位工作地点类别近期搜索Suggested Keywords关于飞利浦在飞利浦工作专业领域质量法规采购销售研发工程市场营销软件工程师BlogGet Started搜寻职位飞利浦招聘流程飞利浦招聘的常见问题联系我们ChinaANZ (English)Africa (English)Asia Pacific (English)CEE (English)DACH (German)France (English)Global (English)Great Britain (English)India (English)Indonesia (English)Israel (English)Japan (Japanese)Latin America (Portuguese)Latin America (Spanish)Malaysia (English)Middle East & Turkey (English)Netherlands (Dutch)Netherlands (English)Nordic (English)North America (English)North America (French)Philippines (English)Russia (Russian)Singapore (English)South Korea (Korea)Thailand (English)Vietnam (English)社会英才Posted on Oct 12th 2019Product Industrialization Engineer中国,江苏,苏州Full time336773保存职位现在申请 通过Linkedln申请 已是飞利浦员工？在此申请Posted on Oct 12th 2019中国,江苏,苏州Full time367320保存职位现在申请 通过Linkedln申请 已是飞利浦员工？在此申请现在申请 通过Linkedln申请 已是飞利浦员工？在此申请Job TitleProduct Industrialization EngineerJob DescriptionDo you want to play a key role in the introduction of new products? As the Manufacturing Engineer, you are the representative of Operations in multi-disciplinary teams ensuring best in class transition from development to manufacturing.In this role, you have the opportunity toTo be participate in working for high growth business that will help improve the lives of millions of men globally, while advancing Philips digital transformation journey as a global leader in Health Technology.You are responsible forAs the Industrial Engineer, your responsibilities include:Defining, implementing new/changed processes and leading the first production models for projects within own Building Block.Defining, executing, controlling and documenting all process validation activities and related activitiesIntroducing new production-methods (technical & logistic), within own Building blockCommunicate Design for Manufacturing Assembly and Test requirements with the program teamWorking close together with other functions within Manufacturing, R&D and Quality to setup first time right processesParticipating in supply chain teams, design teams, purchasing teams and securing the agreed manufacturing requirementsCreating and maintaining manufacturing documents (e.g. work instructions) and providing trainingDefining and implementing improvements (e.g. via A3, Prince2, Six Sigma, etc.) within the building block to increase yield, output and costAnalyzing field performance data (e.g. DEFOA), installation test-results, and customer related complaints, in order to initiate improvementsPreparing and introducing changes (products, components, production-processes) for released products.Support manufacturing transfer activities from one production site to the otherImprove purchased parts quality by working closely with the supplier quality team, supporting part sample approve and first article inspections.Additional possible responsibilities:Lead process tooling development to optimize error proofing and safe and efficient labor application.develop and optimize welding process and facilitate & coaching related staff in production lineAbility to do mechanical part defect analysis to evaluate the effect of product quality;Ability to do the process analysis to find root cause of different failure mode;Evaluate the design change and supplier change request to find potential effect of product quality;Support Sustaining and quality engineering to do the incoming failure parts analysis; communicate with vendor effectively;You are a part ofThe Philips MR global Industrialization Engineering Team,A progressive and energetic team that contributes directly to the quality of our products and growth of the business. You have a direct reporting line to the Global Function Manager.You will be working closely with managers and teams from other functions like manufacturing, procurement, quality, supply chain and R&D, cross-functional project teams locally and globally.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experienceBachelor or Master degree in e.g. Mechanical, automatic control or Electrical Engineering5 years of experience working in medical device manufacturing and finished medical devices.Production/Process or Manufacturing Engineering experienceExperience in design transfer and manufacturing transfer projectsExperience in leading multi-disciplinary (global) projectsExperience working with FDA Quality Systems Regulations and ISO Quality Systems.Project management skills.Experience with Agile and SAP.Process verification and validation knowledge.Lean manufacturing concepts and understanding.Effective communication skills with superiors, subordinates, and contractors (English is required)Ability to adapt to evolving projects requirements.Problem solving skills.Continuous improvement mindset and a result driven and quality driven approachDemonstrate flexibility, adaptability and integrity when making decisions.Possesses a strong working knowledge of manufacturing, including the underlying theories and concepts of manufacturing, quality and product engineering.Knowledgeable of Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma and APQP concept application.Broad understanding of business systems, organizational culture and behaviors.Working knowledge of environmental, health, safety and quality regulations.Specific expertise in one or more of the following:Manual and semi-automated fabricated & welded assembliesElectro-Mechanical assemblies including winding and wiringAutomation implementationIn return, we offer youWe offer experiences and opportunities that add many unexpected and enriching moments to our employees’ lives. Especially when the innovative health technologies and solutions they help develop benefit their own friends and family.Why should you join Philips?Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. Learn more by watching this video.To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.ContactIf you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it.If you have any other questions regarding the recruitment process please refer to our FAQs. In case of technical difficulties with the website, please send an email to careersite@philips.com.(Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)将此发给朋友您是否知道可能对这一职位有兴趣的人？将链接发送给朋友吧！你不知道的飞利浦Over 125 years ago, Frederik and Gerard Philips started a small light bulb company in Eindhoven. Little did they realize that it would become a global force of innovation, committed to improving billions of lives worldwide. But it did. Today, Philips is a world leading health technology company with a vision to make life better for people worldwide through meaningful innovation. Making good on this promise depends on our passionate, inspirational, collaborative and diverse team. We have over 80,000+ brilliant people around the world but are always looking for more. Like-minded, motivated, focused minds to join us in creating a healthier, more connected society while tranforming themselves personally and professionally. Working at Philips is more than a job. It's an experience filled with unexcepted moments that will transform you in lasting and positive ways. Help us improve the world for the better while building a career that no one could have planned for. Even you.观看视频获得类似职位的通知您将每周收到一次通知* 我希望收到飞利浦工作提醒。 这是什么意思？类似的工作See moreNo similar jobs found获取飞利浦最新招聘动态飞利浦职场生活一览What does this mean?×As a result of your consent, Philips group companies may contact you with promotional communications about Philips jobs and recruitment activities via email, SMS and other digital channels, such as mobile apps and social media. To be able to tailor the communications to your preferences and behavior and provide you with the best, personalized experience, we may analyze and combine your personal data. This data may include: Data that you give us: Data that you want to actively share with use such as: your name, job interests, resume, country email address, phone number and social media profile Data we get from your interactions with Philips: Data about your interactions and usage of Philips recruitment channels, such as our websites, events, social media. This data may include: IP address, cookie information, event details and websites you visit Philips will give you the opportunity to withdraw your consent at any time. For more information, please read the Philips Privacy notice and the Philips Cookie notice.谢谢！您已成功订阅每周职位通知。Failure!Failed to subscribed for similar jobsCareer Site Cookie SettingsPersonal Information关注我们X投资者关系招贤纳士联系飞利浦关于飞利浦Cookie 政策隐私权声明使用条款© Koninklijke Philips N.V., 2004 - 2020. 保留所有权利。职位搜索关注抖音扫二维码返回顶部"
