"It's unsettling the reaction here to harvard discrimination case « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (822,748)Econometrics Discussion (51,571)Research / Journals (182,339)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,674)From the blogs (45,136)Conferences (22,129)Questions from prospective grad students (115,882)Econ Lounge (163,922)Latest Research Discussion (23,949)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (36,951)Software and Programming for Research (13,838)Macroeconomics (18,798)Microeconomics (9,118)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (317,283)General Economics Job Market Discussion (633,349)Micro Job Rumors (13,398)Macro Job Rumors (8,469)European Job Market (81,970)China Job Market (56,088)Industry Rumors (21,962)Off TopicOff Topic (2,128,446)Sport (81,557)Technology (51,361)Trash (47,048)Job MarketJob Market WikiBentley UniversityRAND CorporationPurdue UniversityCEMFIJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesHealth EconomicsGlobal Finance JournalIndustrial and Labor Relations ReviewEconomics BulletinJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..2 years - 73 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 307 Goods vs 148 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Off Topic » Off TopicIt's unsettling the reaction here to harvard discrimination caseEconomist91c8If Harvard was willing to give up all government support (federal subsidies for student loans, NSF grants, etc.) then I would wholeheartedly agree with this.It's a private institution and I can decide who I want in my class - the government and the courts have nothing to say in the matter!- Harvard Admissions OfficerI was joking, but I do think that a lot of Asians and Indians, American or not, do genuinely lack what Harvard looks for - charisma, true academic curiosity, power hungriness, wanting to challenge and change staus quo etc.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 7 No Jab !Economist91c8A big part of the problem is that the SAT is too easy and cannot effectively discriminate between candidates at the top end. So extra curriculars and \"personality scores\" are used to select between the top test scorers, which leads to racial discrimination, intentionally or not. A much better and fairer approach would be to dramatically toughen up the exam and admit purely on the basis of that.This. It isn't g-loaded.I agree too. They should replace SATs with Oxbridge TSA type tests/ GMAT type test (although with the latter you risk Harvard's class being a set of MBA type kids!)2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !EconomistceeeAh yes, when you can’t argue with the facts, simply try and discredit the source. Even though the source has video recording and proof of their claims. I guess your just hoping saying lies somehow persuades people?Ahh yes, the very reliable Project Veritas who attempted and failed to plant a false story with the Washington Post.Perhaps you should enlighten us with this wealth of evidence then? I can't even find any related work Project Veritas has done.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7269Believe it or not, some people do care about the racism espoused by Harvard. It's blatantly obvious and it's shocking that liberals view racism against Asian Americans as completely justified because Asian are supposedly \"square\", \"study too hard\", and are \"not sociable.\" Remember FDR pushed for internment camps for Japanese Americans.2 years ago # QUOTE 9 Jab 1 No Jab !Economist779bI think Harvard is right to make personality central to admissions. Asians Judy need to work on their personality more. Problem solved.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistbd86Lots of asians on ejmr. Anyway, I'm white and just want AA to die at all levels. It's a divisive policy based on ridiculous assumptions. The problem with Harvard is that they're behaving like a country club instead of an institution of higher learning. As such, either they start acting like a real university or they stop getting federal funds. It's that simple. The left has cooked up a pretty impressive system of affirmative action at almost all levels of education and government. This system needs to be systematically destroyed for the restoration of pure merit.2 years ago # QUOTE 8 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5e54EJMR is full of Asians and full of (bitter) people who hate HRMs. Whats so surprising about EJMR's stance on this lawsuit?2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 1 No Jab !Economist08cdBelieve it or not, some people do care about the racism espoused by Harvard. It's blatantly obvious and it's shocking that liberals view racism against Asian Americans as completely justified because Asian are supposedly \"square\", \"study too hard\", and are \"not sociable.\" Remember FDR pushed for internment camps for Japanese Americans.I entirely agree with your first two sentences. Yes, people really do care about the anti-Asian racism employed by Harvard because we believe that society should be meritocratic and that judging people on the basis of race is wrong.That said, I have to part with you (7269) on the FDR/internment camp thing. In retrospect, the internment camps were a mistake but they really weren't so off-the-wall in 1941-1942.In addition, the only reason that Japan attacked the US -- drawing us into the war -- was that the US embargoed oil and metal exports to Japan because of her invasion of China. And the US public -- racist as it was by our standards -- was very sympathetic to the suffering of the Chinese people in the late 1930s and early 1940s.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist08cdBTW, I am sure that all the ill-educated, outraged undergreads will go apoplectic at the mere suggestion that interning Japanese on the West coast was a good deal crazier in retrospect than it seemed at the time but the main Japanese-American ethic organization supported internment.That's right, they supported it, at least for a couple years.Like I say, easy to condemn in retrospect, not so clear at the time.Go read Michelle Malkin's book on the subject.2 years ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist5a61I personally support affirmative action only for descendants of American slaves, which was its original intent. The idea that any FOB rando whose parents are from Central America gets the same preferential treatment as black Americans is sick. The mental gymnastics that the defenders of the current system undergo to defend the discrimination of Asians is sick as well.2 years ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist8a14If Harvard was willing to give up all government support (federal subsidies for student loans, NSF grants, etc.) then I would wholeheartedly agree with this.It's a private institution and I can decide who I want in my class - the government and the courts have nothing to say in the matter!- Harvard Admissions OfficerI was joking, but I do think that a lot of Asians and Indians, American or not, do genuinely lack what Harvard looks for - charisma, true academic curiosity, power hungriness, wanting to challenge and change staus quo etc.Except Asians are challenging the status quo by seeking to abolish affirmative action.2 years ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist8b7aI personally support affirmative action only for descendants of American slaves, which was its original intent. The idea that any FOB rando whose parents are from Central America gets the same preferential treatment as black Americans is sick. The mental gymnastics that the defenders of the current system undergo to defend the discrimination of Asians is sick as well.What about people who are both the descendants of slaves and slave owners?2 years ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist08cdBarack Obama was not descended from slaves as his father was from Africa. (Well, at least no one in his father's family was a slave in the west.)On the other hand, he was descended from slave owners on his mother's side.If there are slave reparations, Mr. Obama should pay them, not receive them.For the record, I do not hold Mr. Obama at all responsible for his ancestor's misdeeds.2 years ago # QUOTE 5 Jab 0 No Jab !« Previous1…34ReplyPost	As someone on this board pointed out earlier, imagine if the situation was a 75% to 25% male-to-female ratio, justified by women receiving lower personality scores...Send Post »Markup: a blockquote code em strong ul ol li.Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
