"Jobs in AI, Analytics, Data Science, Machine LearningKDnuggetsSubscribe to KDnuggets | Submit a blogBlog/NewsOpinionsTutorialsTop storiesCoursesDatasetsOnline EducationCertificatesEventsJobsSoftwareWebinarsTopics: AI | Data Science | Data Visualization | Deep Learning | Machine Learning | NLP | Python | R | StatisticsKDnuggets Home » JobsJobs in AI, Analytics, Data Science, Machine LearningTo add a free short entry here for an industry or academic job related to AI, Big Data, Data Science, or Machine Learning, email 5 items:Company or UniversityLocation,Position Title,URL,a 2-3 line description (up to 250 CHARACTERS)to job-add at kdnuggets{dot}comData Scientist CPG Domain (4-8 yrs) for Project: Statistical Evaluation of Product Innovation Tests at Mission Field, Remote, US. - Jan 15, 2021.Mission Field seeks a hands-on Data Scientist/Statistician to skillfully apply mathematics, statistical analysis, machine learning, prediction, and other data science disciplines and technologies to meet the objectives.Bioinformatics Scientist at Alzheimer's Disease Data Initiative, Seattle, WA. - Jan 15, 2021.The Alzheimer's Disease Data Initiative (ADDI) is a non-profit medical research organization supported by a coalition of partners. We are looking for a bioinformatics data scientist to join the ADDI technical team.Computer Information Science, Assistant Professor/Instructor (AA22041) at Minnesota State University, Mankato, Mankato, MN. - Jan 5, 2021.Applications from qualified candidates who are currently in industrial positions are welcomed, and appropriate weighting will be given to demonstrated success in teaching and research in industrial settings.Lead Data Engineer at Kettle, Remote. - Jan 4, 2021.We are looking for a passionate Senior Data Engineer to join our team and work with a growing team of engineers, deep learning experts, and other data scientists to model risk using the most advanced tools available.Intelligence Community (IC) Postdoctoral Research Fellowship Program at Intelligence Community (IC), Nation Wide. - Dec 29, 2020.The Fellowship offers scientists and engineers from a wide variety of disciplines unique opportunities to conduct research in a wide range of topics. The Program supports postdocs to conduct research at universities, colleges, and U.S. government laboratories throughout the United States.EPA Contaminant Reduction in Recycling Streams Research Opportunity at EPA, Philadelphia, PA. - Dec 29, 2020.The US recycling industry is facing major challenges that threaten its viability. Research opportunity that seeks to understand why and how some recycling programs continue to succeed in the current challenging environment.EPA Aquatic Resources Impacts Internship at EPA, Dallas, TX. - Dec 29, 2020.A research opportunity is available at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Dallas, TX in the NPDES/Wetlands Review Section. Research project opportunity to review mitigation bank types and evaluate their performance standards.EPA Aviation Emissions Inventory Modeling and Programming Fellowship at EPA, Ann Arbor, MI. - Dec 29, 2020.Exciting research opportunity in big data analysis and modeling of aircraft emissions inventory and regulatory impacts is available at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Office of Transportation and Air Quality (OTAQ)Bureau Chief - Bureau of Research, Evaluation, & Reporting at New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services, Concord, NH. - Dec 22, 2020.Oversees the development, implementation, and evaluation of all existing and new initiatives relative to qualitative and quantitative data analysis and reporting, evaluation, and research aspects of continuous quality improvement.Postdoctoral Researcher and Research Fellow Positions in ICT at Aalto University and the University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland. - Dec 22, 2020.Aalto University and the University of Helsinki are looking for Postdoctoral Researchers and Research Fellows in multiple areas of ICT, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, data science, privacy and security, computational health & human-computer interaction.PhD candidates in AI and Big Data analytics at Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), Trondheim, Norway. - Dec 21, 2020.3 Vacancies: The three positions are in 1) Machine learning, with focus on fair, accountable, transparent, and privacy-preserving personalization methods, 2) Machine-learning models for streaming data analysis and prediction, and 3) Large-scale processing of dynamic graphs.Associate Director Machine Learning - Data Scientist at Optum, UnitedHealth Group, Telecommute. - Dec 21, 2020.Data Science Transformation Team. Experience directly managing a team of data scientists (role is 50/50); Experience working in an environment where the end product is a software solution.Research Internship (with possibility of PhD position in October 2021): Multiparadigm interactive collaborative learning for heterogeneous remote sensing time series analysis at University of Strasbourg (ICub lab), Strasbourg, France. - Dec 21, 2020.Facing the difficulty to the methods to deal with time series, we propose to extend our interactive collaborative contrained clustering method by integrating supervised methods in and so trend to a collaborative multiparadigme framework.Data Scientist Senior at SSM Health, St. Louis, MO. - Dec 17, 2020.Manages data throughout all stages of the data analysis lifecycle including obtaining novel data from external and sometimes untraditional sources, managing and coordinating the collection and utilization of data across diverse data platforms, cleaning and transforming data of widely-varying formats.Research Fellow in High Energy Physics on the LHCb Experiment at Monash University, Clayton, Australia. - Dec 16, 2020.The Particle Physics group at Monash University seeks to appoint an outstanding individual to work within the recently established Monash Warwick Alliance in Particle Physics (MWAPP)!VP Analytics at Optum, UnitedHealth Group, Telecommute with Travel. - Dec 15, 2020.Focused on design, delivery and management of end to end solutions that offer healthcare analytics expertise across the entire health system.Machine Learning Engineer at State Farm, Bloomington, IL; Champaign, IL; Atlanta, GA; Dallas, TX. - Dec 14, 2020.Machine Learning Engineers play an integral role within State Farm to build and support advanced analytic solutions used across the enterprise. ML Engineers are responsible for helping deploy data science solutions, analytic workflow optimizations, as well as assist with analytic research requests.Postdoctoral fellow at Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden. - Dec 14, 2020.The data science group at the Department of Computer and Systems Sciences invites applications for a two-year full-time postdoctoral fellow position in data science. The candidate is expected to engage in research within interpretable and explainable machine learning with applications in healthcare.PhD Student in Labor Demography at Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research, Rostock, Germany. - Dec 14, 2020.The Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research (MPIDR) and the Centre for Fertility and Health in Oslo are jointly offering one PhD student position in economic demography. The PhD candidate will spend most of their time in Rostock, Germany, but also regularly travel to Oslo.Tenured Teaching Professor in Technology and Information Management at University of California Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA. - Dec 8, 2020.The Baskin School of Engineering at UCSC invites applications for a Full Teaching Professor in the Technology and Information Management (TIM) undergraduate program. The successful candidate is expected to teach and carry out administrative and programmatic responsibilities.Data Scientist, Baseball Research & Development at Cleveland Indians, Cleveland, OH (remote possible). - Dec 4, 2020.We are looking for talented data scientists who want to help the Indians use data science and machine learning to win the world series. Come join our growing team, and put your machine learning expertise to use with player tracking, biomechanics, and other sports data.Data Scientist at Sports Betting Investment Advisors, Remote Workforce. - Dec 3, 2020.Looking for a talented and highly motivated individual for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. NBA NCAA NHL MLB.EPA Monitoring Ocean Dumping and Marine Debris Research Opportunity at EPA, New York, NY. - Dec 2, 2020.Exciting opportunity to conduct research focused on monitoring & assessment of ocean disposal sites and evaluating wastes and other materials considered for ocean dumping. Project support's Region 2's regulatory program and can entail data analysis, GIS support projects and literature reviews.Professor of Data Science (Open Rank) at Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, MA. - Dec 2, 2020.Full-time Tenure-Track Faculty position in Data Science at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. The faculty will engage in both research and teaching within a curriculum in the Data Science program that embraces student projects and independent learning.TT Prof in Design & Data Analysis at Northeastern University, Boston, MA. - Dec 1, 2020.Tenure Track Assistant Prof with joint appointment in Art + Design and D'Amore-McKim School of Business @ Northeastern University. Preferred start date Fall 2021. Build a new research cluster across Design and Data in the industry!Assistant Professor at University of California Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA. - Dec 1, 2020.The Computer Science & Engineering department at UC Santa Cruz is recruiting for six junior faculty positions, two in applied machine learning, two in experimental systems and two in theoretical computer science. Details: Applied Machine Learning (2 Assistant Professor positions); Experimental Computer Systems (2 Assistant Professor positions); Theoretical Computer Science (2 Assistant Professor positions)PhD Position Machine Learning at TU Kaiserslautern, Kaiserslautern, Germany. - Nov 26, 2020.The project is to do research on Disentanglement of Style and Topic in Text Data. You will work on topic modeling and generative deep models for text, transfer learning, knowledge integration etc in a newly founded research group.2021 Data Science Fellowship at Institute for Defense Analyses, Alexandria, VA. - Nov 26, 2020.The Data Science Fellows will investigate the ways of machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, and big data methodologies that contribute to national security. Please apply to the link for further details.Assistant Professor of Computer Science at University of Mount Union, Alliance, OH. - Nov 26, 2020.Tenure-track Assistant Professor to begin August 1, 2021. Expected to teach specific courses including Computer Networks, Operating Systems, Data Structures and Programming Languages, along with other courses of interest such as Artificial Intelligence and Mobile Device Programming.Data Scientist at Green Energy Options Ltd, Cambridgeshire, UK. - Nov 19, 2020.geo is the leading supplier of in-home displays to the UK Smart Metering programme. Currently looking for a data scientist to join our innovative team. We would consider all experience levels, please click 'apply' to find out more.Assistant/Associate/Full Professor at Reykjavik University, Reykjavik, Iceland. - Nov 18, 2020.The Department of Computer Science at Reykjavik University invites applications for one faculty position at any rank in the fields of Data Science and Machine Learning.Data Scientist at The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH. - Nov 17, 2020.The Translational Data Analytics Institute at Ohio State is seeking a full-time data scientist to join our team, and establish and lead our Data Science Services and Data Literacy Program.Team Lead Data Science / Machine Learning (f/m/div) at PAIR Finance, Berlin, Germany. - Nov 16, 2020.As Team Lead Data Science, you will be working on our state-of-the-art software which makes us innovation leader in the German industry of debt collection. With the help of AI, we are succeeding at 'debt collection with heart'.Post-Doctoral Researcher at Northwestern University, Center for Deep Learning, Evanston, IL. - Nov 13, 2020.CDL is comprised of faculty and PhD candidates working on deep learning and reinforcement learning problems in the areas of natural language processing, bioinformatics, customer and business intelligence, computer vision, and the internet of things.Director of Applied Science (Computer Vision and Machine Learning) at Onfido, London, UK. - Nov 13, 2020.If leading a talented team of researchers to push the envelope on unsolved problems like interpretable AI, protection against deep fakes, and delivering the world's most sophisticated identity verification system sounds exciting then please apply, share with friends, or message me directly.Two Post Doctoral Researcher positions with AI and/or Remote Sensing knowledge at University of Valladolid - iuFOR - Cambium Research Group, Soria, Spain. - Nov 13, 2020.The postdocs will be involved in remote sensing-based data extraction, processing and analysis to identify the incidence of processionary outbreaks from remote sensing data through AI methods including ground data, too.EPA Gulf of Mexico Management Research Fellowship at EPA, Gulfport, MS. - Nov 12, 2020.Research new efforts for aquaculture in an education setting, and investigate harmful algal blooms in the Gulf of Mexico and its watershed. Candidate should have received a doctoral degree in or will complete by appointment start date.Data Science Hands on Manager - Machine Learning at Optum, UnitedHealth Group, 100% telecommute. - Nov 12, 2020.Seeking a hands-on Manager/Principal Machine Learning Data Scientist to join our team. You should be an exceptional disciplined and self-motivated Data Scientist with predictive modeling and machine learning advanced analytics experience and a passion for working with healthcare data.EPA Ocean and Coastal Management Fellowship at EPA, Washington, DC. - Nov 12, 2020.This EPA Oceans and Coastal Management Branch (OCMB) research opportunity will provide the research participant with excellent exposure to a broad range of scientific, legal, and policy issues pertaining to ocean and coastal issues. Research, analyze data associated with ocean and coastal pollution.Sr Data Scientist at Orsted Onshore, Austin, TX. - Nov 12, 2020.Responsible for extracting insights from production data and deploying Performance Monitoring Models. Part of our new team of highly skilled and professional colleagues, working in close collaboration with the daily business on delivering the best in class advice.Clinical Data Scientist at DRT Strategies, Inc., Silver Spring, MD. - Nov 11, 2020.Interacts with many US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) stakeholders. Responsible for reviewing safety data sufficiency and integrity, conducting safety data analyses, verifying safety data submitted by the applicant, and generating high-quality scientific reports.Fully funded PhD student position in computer vision and machine learning at University of Alicante, Alicante, Spain. - Nov 11, 2020.Research project on 'Context recognition for the application of visual privacy.' Part of the visuAAL EU project. 14 other PhD position also offered on Privacy-Aware and Acceptable Video-Based Technologies and Services for Active and Assisted LivingLecturer/Senior Lecturer at University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia. - Nov 11, 2020.Lecturer/Senior Lecturer (equiv US Assistant Prof tenure track) in machine learning or computer vision at the University of Melbourne, Australia. Deadline: Dec 6, 2020 (AEDT)Postdoc fellow in neuroimaging and deep learning at NAL lab at the University of Texas Health, San Antonio, TX. - Nov 11, 2020.Seeking a postdoctoral fellow willing to research more deep and transfer learning methods in large neuroimaging cohort based studies. Goal: use neuroimaging data and deep learning to detect specific pathologies and patterns emerging in early Alzheimer's disease. Email CV to Dr. Habes (habes@uthscsa.edu)Postdoc / Research Scientist Positions at Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research, Rostock, Germany. - Nov 9, 2020.The Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research is seeking several full-time post-doctoral research scientists to join the Laboratory of Population Health, the Research Group on Labor Demography, or the Laboratory of Fertility and Well-Being.Assistant Professor of Business Analytics/Program Director at Loras College, Dubuque, IA. - Nov 9, 2020.The position will also serve as the Director of the Graduate and Undergraduate Program in Analytics. The usual teaching load is 21 hours/credits per academic year with the likelihood of course load reduction for the Director role.EPA Source Water Data Science Internship at EPA, Washington, DC. - Nov 9, 2020.Research opportunity at the EPA Office of Water (OW). Opportunity to learn aspects of the SDWA, the Clean Water Act, EPA's source water program and develop a deeper understanding of the issues that face drinking water systems.EPA Chesapeake Bay Water Quality Modeling Fellowship at EPA, Washington, DC. - Nov 9, 2020.Research includes state-of-the-art simulation of water quality processes in the water column, sediment, shallow water, shoreline and ecological processes of Chesapeake Bay. Model development activities will be using an unstructured grid model such as SCHISM, FVCOM, or other unstructured grid models.Senior Data Scientist at komoot, Remote, Europe. - Oct 23, 2020.You will drive product enhancements forward that will directly impact 14 million users. We believe that innovations based on data science will reinforce and extend our leadership in the outdoor market and your role will be decisive for komoot's success.Machine Learning Scientist (Senior to Principal) at Onfido, London, UK. - Oct 22, 2020.Seeking an exciting and dynamic AI expert who can push the envelope on unsolved problems like uncertainty modelling, interpretable AI, protection against adversarial and Deep Fake attacks, and generalised concept drift detectors within human-in-the-loop systems, deliver solutions that work at scale.Institutional Report Writing Analyst at University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, San Antonio, TX. - Oct 22, 2020.The Office of Institutional Research is seeking a Database Report Writing Analyst to join their team! Successful candidates will have experience with data assessments and analytical skills.Postdocs / Research Scientists Digital and Computational Demography at Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research, Rostock, Germany. - Oct 19, 2020.The Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research (MPIDR) is recruiting highly qualified Post-Docs/Research Scientists, at various levels of seniority, to join the Lab of Digital and Computational Demography.Experienced Researcher at OKTICS ATZ, S.L, Barcelona, Spain. - Oct 18, 2020.The researcher is expected to support procedures related to develop an intelligent assistant in the form of a helathmirror to monitoring the movements and rehabilitation exercises by applying Computer Vision and Deep Learning techniques.Data Scientist at NeuroFlow, Philadelphia, PA. - Oct 14, 2020.You will provide data mining, data analysis, actionable data visualizations, statistical modeling, and predictive modeling using your deep knowledge of SQL and analytical python packages.Senior Data Engineer at RenalytixAI, Remote, Europe. - Oct 8, 2020.If you prefer working remotely, are passionate about data, and would like to be one of the first technical hires in startup providing AI solutions to drive improvements in kidney health for millions of patients worldwide, then get in touch!Data Scientist at Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Tarrytown, NY. - Oct 7, 2020.Regeneron Genetics Center is looking for a Data Scientist to work at interface of genomics, big data engineering, and analytics expanding our Spark-based platform to develop algorithms to genomic and health data from millions of people.Institutional Research Analyst at Valencia College, Orlando, FL. - Oct 5, 2020.Valencia College is hiring an Institutional Research Analyst. In this role, the Institutional Research Analyst's primary responsibility is the coordination and submission of the institution's state and federal reports and surveys.Data Analytics Engineer at Reify Health, Boston, MA (or US-based remote). - Oct 5, 2020.Help us support research leaders driving forward clinical trials and the doctors/nurses who care for patient participants. Expand our powerful analytics platforms, develop intelligence features, and create tools which allow our teams to benefit from rich data-driven decision making.Data Engineer at Reify Health, Boston, MA (or US-based remote). - Oct 5, 2020.Help us support research leaders driving forward clinical trials and the doctors/nurses who care for patient participants. Expand our powerful analytics platforms, develop intelligence features, and create tools which allow our teams to benefit from rich data-driven decision making.Senior Data Analyst at Reify Health, Boston, MA (or US-based remote). - Oct 5, 2020.Help us support research leaders driving forward clinical trials and the doctors/nurses who care for patient participants. Expand our powerful analytics platforms and create tools which allow our teams to benefit from rich data-driven decision making.Machine Learning Technical Manager at CodaMetrix, Temporarily remote (Boston, MA). - Oct 2, 2020.The Technical Manager will join the Machine Learning and AI team and will report to the Senior Director of Machine Learning and AI. The Technical Manager will contribute to invention, development, and deployment of state-of-the-art ML tools using large scale healthcare data.Machine Learning Senior Data Scientist at CodaMetrix, Temporarily remote (Boston, MA). - Oct 2, 2020.The Machine Learning Senior Data Scientist reports to the Senior Director of Machine Learning and AI. The machine learning team is responsible for the invention, analysis, and deployment of new machine learning techniques using healthcare data to improve administrative and clinical medicine.ML/AI Research Scientist at CodaMetrix, Temporarily remote (Boston, MA). - Oct 2, 2020.As a machine learning data scientist, you can take advantage of our unique Amazon Web Services-based machine learning infrastructure, as well as large labeled clinical datasets to develop your ideas in the form of proof of concepts, and furthermore, translate them to product features.Java Engineer - Microservices at CodaMetrix, Temporarily remote (Boston, MA or Raleigh, NC). - Oct 2, 2020.Responsible for designing and overseeing the implementation of software, and is accountable for ensuring the technical quality of our designs and software. In addition, the Java Engineer - Microservices is responsible for helping define and build the machine learning infrastructure at CodaMetrix.DevOps/CloudOps/SRE at CodaMetrix, Remote. - Oct 2, 2020.Responsible for preparing, deploying and maintaining technical resources in support of our application engineering and data science teams. Everything we build runs in AWS, and all the systems we operate are automated with a combination of tools.Assistant Professor, Computer Science at Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY. - Sep 29, 2020.Provide tutoring support for students taking baccalaureate level courses in the B. Thomas Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences. Teach deaf and hard-of-hearing students courses in computing studies.Latest NewsSnowflake and Saturn Cloud Partner To Bring 100x Faster...Essential Math for Data Science: Information TheoryK-Means 8x faster, 27x lower error than Scikit-learn in...Cleaner Data Analysis with Pandas Using Pipes8 New Tools I Learned as a Data Scientist in 2020Data Cleaning and Wrangling in SQLTop StoriesLast WeekMost PopularBest Python IDEs and Code Editors You Should KnowAll Machine Learning Algorithms You Should Know in 2021DeepMind’s MuZero is One of the Most Important Deep Learning Systems Ever Created10 Underappreciated Python Packages for Machine Learning PractitionersSix Tips on Building a Data Science Team at a Small CompanyMost SharedAll Machine Learning Algorithms You Should Know in 2021Learn Data Science for free in 2021DeepMind’s MuZero is One of the Most Important Deep Learning Systems Ever Created10 Underappreciated Python Packages for Machine Learning PractitionersBest Python IDEs and Code Editors You Should KnowMore Recent StoriesData Cleaning and Wrangling in SQLUnsupervised Learning for Predictive Maintenance using Auto-En...My Data Science Learning Journey So FarThe Four Jobs of the Data ScientistThe Best Tool for Data Blending is KNIMEKDnuggets 21:n02, Jan 13: Best Python IDEs and Code Editors...Creating Good Meaningful Plots: Some PrinciplesWorking With Sparse Features In Machine Learning ModelsCloud Data Warehouse is The Future of Data StorageTop Stories, Jan 04-10: Best Python IDEs and Code Editors You ...5 Tools for Effortless Data ScienceAttention mechanism in Deep Learning, ExplainedOpenAI Releases Two Transformer Models that Magically Link Lan...JupyterLab 3 is Here: Key reasons to upgrade nowBest Python IDEs and Code Editors You Should KnowTop 10 Computer Vision Papers 2020Top December Stories: Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL...11 Industrial AI Trends that will Dominate the World in 2021Advice to aspiring Data Scientists – your most common qu...10 Underappreciated Python Packages for Machine Learning Pract...KDnuggets Home » Jobs© 2021 KDnuggets. | About KDnuggets | Contact | Privacy policy | Terms of ServiceSubscribe to KDnuggets NewsXGet KDnuggets, a leading newsletter on AI, Data Science, and Machine LearningEmail:Sign UpBy subscribing you accept KDnuggets Privacy PolicyLeave this field empty if you're human:"
