"Ellis Monk « Sociology Job Market RumorsSociology Job Market RumorsConferencesJob MarketJournalsJoinLog In4 months - 300 posts	- Latest - RSSOP: 26 Goods vs 33 No GoodsThread: 2775 Goods vs 1997 No GoodsSociology Job Market Rumors » Sociology » Sociology DiscussionEllis Monk« Previous1…131415Next »Sociologistadd0you can definitely tell that the pro-Monk posts are from the same few people.4 months ago # QUOTE 4 GOOD 11 NO GOOD !Sociologistadd0There people with much more than Monk (5+ pubs, book, and some research money) at far less prestigious universities. It's pretty standard at a mid-level research university to have a published book AND about 5 articles before becoming Associate Professor. With only 5 articles and no book, I doubt he would be tenured at a place like Penn State, Ohio State, UCSD, and other mid-level R1s.4 months ago # QUOTE 6 GOOD 14 NO GOOD !Sociologist4cc05 articles and no book means no tenure? Tell that to Bruch at Michigan.4 months ago # QUOTE 12 GOOD 1 NO GOOD !Sociologist3be9Alex Piquero has way more articles than Rob Sampson. Why isn't Piquero at Harvard?!4 months ago # QUOTE 8 GOOD 0 NO GOOD !Sociologist51d4There people with much more than Monk (5+ pubs, book, and some research money) at far less prestigious universities. It's pretty standard at a mid-level research university to have a published book AND about 5 articles before becoming Associate Professor. With only 5 articles and no book, I doubt he would be tenured at a place like Penn State, Ohio State, UCSD, and other mid-level R1s.Places like Harvard are much less concerned with bean-counting and much more concerned with how famous you are or are projected to be. That's really all they care about.4 months ago # QUOTE 15 GOOD 4 NO GOOD !Sociologist0494With only 5 articles and no book, I doubt he would be tenured at a place like Penn State, Ohio State, UCSD, and other mid-level R1s.All you need to know about the grad student trolls in this thread is that they call places like Penn State and Ohio State \"Mid-Level R1s\".4 months ago # QUOTE 13 GOOD 3 NO GOOD !Sociologist6ce1I hate bean counting, but Bruch had 3 AJSs and 8 pubs before becoming Associate. Monk has one AJS and others in much less prestigious journals. Just saying.5 articles and no book means no tenure? Tell that to Bruch at Michigan.4 months ago # QUOTE 3 GOOD 9 NO GOOD !Sociologist6ce1And Michigan is not Harvard. They hired recent APs with 1 or no publications at the TT level.4 months ago # QUOTE 4 GOOD 2 NO GOOD !Sociologist6ce1Michigan seems to pipeline lots of Berkeley folks.4 months ago # QUOTE 1 GOOD 0 NO GOOD !Sociologist461eBean counting is dumb but at least do it right. Bruch got Associate with tenure in 2016. In 2016 she had 5 articles and a reply to a comment on one of her AJS articles (with her advisor). 4/5 articles were co-authored including 1 of the 2 AJS articles.I hate bean counting, but Bruch had 3 AJSs and 8 pubs before becoming Associate. Monk has one AJS and others in much less prestigious journals. Just saying.5 articles and no book means no tenure? Tell that to Bruch at Michigan.4 months ago # QUOTE 12 GOOD 0 NO GOOD !Sociologiste386fair enough. So, Monk has a comparable record to someone at Michigan with a less impressive record. Has Bruch been poached by Chicago, Princeton, and Harvard like a superstar? If not, then we have our answer right here. With a less than impressive record (not like Desmond, Sharkey and others mentioned on here), why the hype about Monk?4 months ago # QUOTE 4 GOOD 11 NO GOOD !Sociologist23c6f Has Bruch been poached by Chicago, Princeton, and Harvard like a superstar?I can't think of anyone who has been poached by Princeton and Harvard. Dunno about making arguments based on extreme outliers. Seems kinda futile.4 months ago # QUOTE 9 GOOD 3 NO GOOD !Sociologiste386I think the point is that with 5 pubs in 7 years, I think that he would have a hard time getting tenure even at OS, PS, and UCSD, among others.With only 5 articles and no book, I doubt he would be tenured at a place like Penn State, Ohio State, UCSD, and other mid-level R1s.All you need to know about the grad student trolls in this thread is that they call places like Penn State and Ohio State \"Mid-Level R1s\".4 months ago # QUOTE 5 GOOD 9 NO GOOD !Sociologist8b58Maybe.But, (and I'm not saying you're saying this) we can't say for sure he'd have 5 pubs in 7 years if at OS, PS, and UCSD.Monk's productivity at his level is normal for his intstitution.I think it's fair to think he'd do the same thing at other institutions.I think the point is that with 5 pubs in 7 years, I think that he would have a hard time getting tenure even at OS, PS, and UCSD, among others.With only 5 articles and no book, I doubt he would be tenured at a place like Penn State, Ohio State, UCSD, and other mid-level R1s.All you need to know about the grad student trolls in this thread is that they call places like Penn State and Ohio State \"Mid-Level R1s\".4 months ago # QUOTE 8 GOOD 6 NO GOOD !Sociologist1c3fI can't believe this joker is still going on about this. They need a new hobby.4 months ago # QUOTE 8 GOOD 0 NO GOOD !Sociologist3be9Viterna had 4 articles when she began her Associate clock. One paper was solo. Filiz Garip had 5 articles when she started her Associate clock and only one paper was solo. Both got tenure a few years later.Different clocks, different institutions, different strategies.4 months ago # QUOTE 8 GOOD 1 NO GOOD !Sociologistd4ebViterna had 4 articles when she began her Associate clock. One paper was solo. Filiz Garip had 5 articles when she started her Associate clock and only one paper was solo. Both got tenure a few years later.Different clocks, different institutions, different strategies.? They were all at Harvard4 months ago # QUOTE 0 GOOD 0 NO GOOD !Sociologista8fcyou can definitely tell that the pro-Monk posts are from the same few people.you can definitely tell that the anti-Monk posts are from the same few people.The discipline: Accepts all his published articles in our top journals. Princeton, Harvard, Chicago, and others all want him on their faculty. Sociologists speak highly of him on social media.2-3 SJMR bros: Few people like himlolwut?!4 months ago # QUOTE 11 GOOD 2 NO GOOD !Sociologiste386Hi Ellis Monk!you can definitely tell that the pro-Monk posts are from the same few people.you can definitely tell that the anti-Monk posts are from the same few people.The discipline: Accepts all his published articles in our top journals. Princeton, Harvard, Chicago, and others all want him on their faculty. Sociologists speak highly of him on social media.2-3 SJMR bros: Few people like himlolwut?!4 months ago # QUOTE 3 GOOD 10 NO GOOD !Sociologista8fcHi Ellis Monk!you can definitely tell that the pro-Monk posts are from the same few people.you can definitely tell that the anti-Monk posts are from the same few people.The discipline: Accepts all his published articles in our top journals. Princeton, Harvard, Chicago, and others all want him on their faculty. Sociologists speak highly of him on social media.2-3 SJMR bros: Few people like himlolwut?!Lol this actually furthers the point. No one likes him enough that you'd suggest that only he could come to his own defense. And yet, A LOT of ppl like him as the original comment suggested.4 months ago # QUOTE 4 GOOD 1 NO GOOD !« Previous1…131415Next »Reply »Sociology Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Journal Submissions | Privacy | Contact | Night Mode"
