"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs12 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBanking Consultant Media-Journalism General Business Information Technology Accounting Nonprofit-Social Services Food Service FacilitiesRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Hospitality (9) Customer Service (8) Admin-Clerical (7) Skilled Labor (7) Installation-Maint-Repair (5)Management (5) Sales (5) Other (4) Business Development (3) Human Resources (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Education (1) Entry Level (1) Finance (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (10) Part time (1) Intern (1)Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (1)Email me jobs like thisAccount ManagerProspect Studio Wilson, WY, USAAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Jan 22, 2021Full timeAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...ReStore ManagerHabitat for Humanity of the Greater Teton Area 850 West Broadway, Jackson, WY, USAThose interested should email a cover letter and resume in PDF format to [email protected] REPORTS TO: Executive Director DIRECT REPORTS: All ReStore staff and volunteers POSITION SUMMARY: The Habitat for Humanity of the Greater Teton Area (Teton Habitat) ReStore is a nonprofit home improvement store that sells new and gently used furniture, home accessories, building materials, and appliances to the public at a fraction of the retail price. The proceeds are used to support Teton Habitat’s mission of building homes, community, and hope. Through its efforts, the ReStore facilitates recycling, minimizes landfill waste, provides low-cost home improvement items, and increases Habitat’s visibility in our community. The ReStore Manager is responsible for overall management of the store’s day-to-day operations, playing an active role in planning for the store’s future, and for representing the ReStore at public and community events. Specific responsibilities include:...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThose interested should email a cover letter and resume in PDF format to [email protected] REPORTS TO: Executive Director DIRECT REPORTS: All ReStore staff and volunteers POSITION SUMMARY: The Habitat for Humanity of the Greater Teton Area (Teton Habitat) ReStore is a nonprofit home improvement store that sells new and gently used furniture, home accessories, building materials, and appliances to the public at a fraction of the retail price. The proceeds are used to support Teton Habitat’s mission of building homes, community, and hope. Through its efforts, the ReStore facilitates recycling, minimizes landfill waste, provides low-cost home improvement items, and increases Habitat’s visibility in our community. The ReStore Manager is responsible for overall management of the store’s day-to-day operations, playing an active role in planning for the store’s future, and for representing the ReStore at public and community events. Specific responsibilities include:...Operation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Old Bill's, Events, and Special Projects CoordinatorCommunity Foundation of Jackson HoleOrganized, detail-oriented team player wanted to implement Old Bill’s Fun Run, Foundation events, and special projects. Responsible for event planning and execution across departments and spearheading varied special projects to enhance the Foundation’s operations. See cfjacksonhole.org/about/careers/ for detailed job description. Supportive and collaborative work environment with full benefits; salary commensurate with experience; EOE. Submit cover letter, resume, and references to [email protected] by January 25th.Jan 15, 2021Full timeOrganized, detail-oriented team player wanted to implement Old Bill’s Fun Run, Foundation events, and special projects. Responsible for event planning and execution across departments and spearheading varied special projects to enhance the Foundation’s operations. See cfjacksonhole.org/about/careers/ for detailed job description. Supportive and collaborative work environment with full benefits; salary commensurate with experience; EOE. Submit cover letter, resume, and references to [email protected] by January 25th.Summer InternsThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtEducation Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. A challenging internship for Summer 2021 for a graduate-level student interested in the field of museum education. The internship focuses on education and exhibits, including management of In-gallery interactives, educational programming, audience engagement, facilitating program assessments, as well as a self-selected project. Applicants with experience in informal teaching, public programming, film-making, and design are encouraged to apply. Spanish language proficiency a plus. Curatorial Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. The Curatorial...Jan 14, 2021InternEducation Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. A challenging internship for Summer 2021 for a graduate-level student interested in the field of museum education. The internship focuses on education and exhibits, including management of In-gallery interactives, educational programming, audience engagement, facilitating program assessments, as well as a self-selected project. Applicants with experience in informal teaching, public programming, film-making, and design are encouraged to apply. Spanish language proficiency a plus. Curatorial Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. The Curatorial...Major Gifts OfficerThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Security GuardThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: Security Guards are responsible for all aspects of museum security and security management. The Security guards are responsible, with the direction and support of the Director of Facility & Security Services, for monitoring all museum staff and museum support personnel, as well as all materials of any kind entering or leaving the building. The Security Guards assist in facility monitoring, especially HVAC and Fire Detection and Fire Suppression Systems as well as exhibit monitoring, and make recommendations to the Director of Facility & Security Services concerning any issues, events, circumstances or occurrences that could negatively impact staff, visitors or collections safety and security. Organizational Responsibilities: The Security Guards report directly to the Director of Facility & Security Services. Positions Duties and Responsibilities: Monitors all security equipment and systems. Monitors all Fire Detection, Fire Suppression...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: Security Guards are responsible for all aspects of museum security and security management. The Security guards are responsible, with the direction and support of the Director of Facility & Security Services, for monitoring all museum staff and museum support personnel, as well as all materials of any kind entering or leaving the building. The Security Guards assist in facility monitoring, especially HVAC and Fire Detection and Fire Suppression Systems as well as exhibit monitoring, and make recommendations to the Director of Facility & Security Services concerning any issues, events, circumstances or occurrences that could negatively impact staff, visitors or collections safety and security. Organizational Responsibilities: The Security Guards report directly to the Director of Facility & Security Services. Positions Duties and Responsibilities: Monitors all security equipment and systems. Monitors all Fire Detection, Fire Suppression...Office Manager/BookkeeperBenchmark BuildersServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Office Manager/Bookkeeper: 25-35 hours/week Bookkeeping tasks- including accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, bank reconciliations, and project accounting. Office scheduling, upkeep, and coordination. Assistance with administrative operational tasks, marketing, and social media. A strong command of Quickbooks, Excel, and G Suite is requisite. The best candidate will have a high attention to detail, strong communication skills, a self-starter attitude, and the ability to work independently. Part-time position with a flexible schedule and room...Jan 12, 2021Part timeServing the Jackson area since 2013- Benchmark Builders is a locally owned and operated construction company. We specialize in custom built homes, additions, renovations and remodeling. We are a small team of dedicated builders who pride ourselves on our relationships with our clients and the greater Jackson Hole building community. We are seeking candidates to fill the following positions: Office Manager/Bookkeeper: 25-35 hours/week Bookkeeping tasks- including accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, bank reconciliations, and project accounting. Office scheduling, upkeep, and coordination. Assistance with administrative operational tasks, marketing, and social media. A strong command of Quickbooks, Excel, and G Suite is requisite. The best candidate will have a high attention to detail, strong communication skills, a self-starter attitude, and the ability to work independently. Part-time position with a flexible schedule and room...Culinary Opportunities at Four Seasons Jackson HoleFour Seasons Jackson Hole Teton Village, WY, USAFour Seasons Jackson Hole is looking to expand its culinary team by adding passionate culinary artists to their already outstanding crew. All culinary experience levels are encouraged to apply! Benefits include: Employee housing, complementary meals, discounted ski passes, ski storage, uniform dry cleaning, matching 401k and medical benefit options for full time year round staff. Our Resort could not be what it is today without our wonderful employees. Our team is made up of individuals who come from all walks of life, and truly believe great things happen when you treat others the way you want to be treated yourself. We are pleased to offer both seasonal and year round opportunities.Jan 11, 2021Full timeFour Seasons Jackson Hole is looking to expand its culinary team by adding passionate culinary artists to their already outstanding crew. All culinary experience levels are encouraged to apply! Benefits include: Employee housing, complementary meals, discounted ski passes, ski storage, uniform dry cleaning, matching 401k and medical benefit options for full time year round staff. Our Resort could not be what it is today without our wonderful employees. Our team is made up of individuals who come from all walks of life, and truly believe great things happen when you treat others the way you want to be treated yourself. We are pleased to offer both seasonal and year round opportunities.Development OfficerGrand Teton National Park FoundationDo you love Grand Teton National Park? Grand Teton National Park Foundation, the park’s official non-profit fundraising partner, is seeking a Development Officer to join its team. The Foundation’s supporters provide a margin of excellence in the park that would not otherwise be possible. A successful candidate for this position will have a passion for conservation and national parks, professional experience in major gifts fundraising or related field, excellent communication and writing skills, and be extremely detail oriented and a motivated team player. Visit www.gtnpf.org/careers for a full job description and information on how to apply. This is a full-time, benefited position. Applications will be accepted through February 12, 2021.Jan 07, 2021Full timeDo you love Grand Teton National Park? Grand Teton National Park Foundation, the park’s official non-profit fundraising partner, is seeking a Development Officer to join its team. The Foundation’s supporters provide a margin of excellence in the park that would not otherwise be possible. A successful candidate for this position will have a passion for conservation and national parks, professional experience in major gifts fundraising or related field, excellent communication and writing skills, and be extremely detail oriented and a motivated team player. Visit www.gtnpf.org/careers for a full job description and information on how to apply. This is a full-time, benefited position. Applications will be accepted through February 12, 2021.Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate$40,000 - $50,000 yearlyVertical HarvestJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Jan 05, 2021Full timeJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
