"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs51 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchEnergy - Wind Climate Change/ Resiliency Remediation - Brownfields - CERCLA Sustainability Management Water Quality Energy Business DevelopmentRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (744) Environmental Science - Engineering (23) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (17) Advocacy and Policy (16) Waste Management - Recycling (16) Conservation/ Natural Resources (15)Biology - Ecology (13) Communication - Public Outreach (13) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (11) Research (10) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (9) Energy Efficiency (7) Environmental Planning - NEPA (6) Wildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity (6) Environmental Protection (6) Environmental & Energy Law (5) Renewable Energy (5) Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains (5) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (5) Cultural Resources (4) Air Quality (4) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (4) Administrator/Executive (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Law Enforcement (2) Technology (2) Parks (2) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Faculty/Instructor (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (14) California (7) District of Columbia (3) Maine (3) New York (3) Texas (3)Alabama (2) Colorado (2) Ohio (2) Remote (2) Louisiana (1) Maryland (1) Michigan (1) Oregon (1) Utah (1) Vermont (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Program Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Board MemberHudson Center for Community and Environment RemoteHudson Center for Community and Environment is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, protect, and restore the Hudson River Valley of New York and its associated communities, provide innovative environmental programs and advocacy, and promote environmental justice. We currently seek volunteer board members that support and share our mission, can help plan our activities, can attend occasional events in the region, and participate in our bi-monthly virtual meetings. We encourage a diverse range of applicants, particularly those who are interested in environmental protection and preservation of the Hudson River Valley and its associated communities.Dec 29, 2020Flexible - Several OptionsHudson Center for Community and Environment is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, protect, and restore the Hudson River Valley of New York and its associated communities, provide innovative environmental programs and advocacy, and promote environmental justice. We currently seek volunteer board members that support and share our mission, can help plan our activities, can attend occasional events in the region, and participate in our bi-monthly virtual meetings. We encourage a diverse range of applicants, particularly those who are interested in environmental protection and preservation of the Hudson River Valley and its associated communities.Junior Program Officer, Program TeamVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Methodologies ManagerVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Director, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USADirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Jan 25, 2021Full timeDirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Manager, Clean Energy and ClimateCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Manager, Electric PowerCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Water Quality Monitoring AssistantBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAThe Monitoring Assistant will work with BCWC staff and partners in support of multiple water quality monitoring programs (groundwater, estuary, pond, bog, and streams) focused on the assessment and tracking of nutrient pollution in waters throughout the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Collect water samples and associated water quality measurements, including dissolved oxygen, turbidity, and temperature. Perform laboratory analysis of water samples. Maintain sampling and monitoring equipment. Data entry and processing in Excel. Assist BCWC staff with other programs as needed. Qualifications: Must be 18 years or older, preference given to students, currently enrolled in, or recently graduated from a college or university with a major/degree in marine/environmental science, biology, ecology, natural resource management, or related disciplines. Experience with water quality monitoring and associated equipment. Basic...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalThe Monitoring Assistant will work with BCWC staff and partners in support of multiple water quality monitoring programs (groundwater, estuary, pond, bog, and streams) focused on the assessment and tracking of nutrient pollution in waters throughout the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Collect water samples and associated water quality measurements, including dissolved oxygen, turbidity, and temperature. Perform laboratory analysis of water samples. Maintain sampling and monitoring equipment. Data entry and processing in Excel. Assist BCWC staff with other programs as needed. Qualifications: Must be 18 years or older, preference given to students, currently enrolled in, or recently graduated from a college or university with a major/degree in marine/environmental science, biology, ecology, natural resource management, or related disciplines. Experience with water quality monitoring and associated equipment. Basic...Aquaculture/Water Quality InternshipBarnstable Clean Water Coalition Osterville, Barnstable, MA, USAInterns assist with the care of oysters and maintenance of upweller tank located on Hyannis Harbor. In addition, interns will be involved with water quality and marine invasive species monitoring programs at several locations in the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Assist with the daily care of oysters at off-site upweller tank on Hyannis Harbor. Sort and track growth of oysters. Clean and maintain upweller and equipment. Collect and analyze water samples from upweller and harbor. Data entry and processing of oyster and water quality data in Excel. Assist with community outreach and education on oysters and water quality. Assist with other water sampling programs and marine invasive species monitoring. Assist BCWC staff with other duties as needed. Weekly stipend offered. Interns must provide own housing and transportation. Part-time, June through August Hours: Flexible, including weekends, 20-30 hours/week...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidInterns assist with the care of oysters and maintenance of upweller tank located on Hyannis Harbor. In addition, interns will be involved with water quality and marine invasive species monitoring programs at several locations in the town of Barnstable. Duties include, but are not limited to: Assist with the daily care of oysters at off-site upweller tank on Hyannis Harbor. Sort and track growth of oysters. Clean and maintain upweller and equipment. Collect and analyze water samples from upweller and harbor. Data entry and processing of oyster and water quality data in Excel. Assist with community outreach and education on oysters and water quality. Assist with other water sampling programs and marine invasive species monitoring. Assist BCWC staff with other duties as needed. Weekly stipend offered. Interns must provide own housing and transportation. Part-time, June through August Hours: Flexible, including weekends, 20-30 hours/week...Market Building ManagerGlobal Impact Investing NetworkThe Market Building Manager is responsible for developing and executing a program of activities that supports collaboration amongst GIIN members to build the market for impact investing with two primary points of focus: 1) harmonization of practices amongst market actors; and 2) development and innovation of impact investing products and services. In addition, the Manager also plays a role in the recruitment of new members in line with the annual goals of the Membership Program as a whole. The Manager works closely with the other Managers within the Membership Program as well as pursuing a high degree of integration with other GIIN programs. Responsibilities: Develop member activities that support deeper harmonization within impact investing and advance progress on the Road Map for the Future of Impact Investing industry Work with other GIIN Programs to develop a strategy/suite of activities that engage and leverage the membership as part of GIIN’s wider activities,...Jan 25, 2021Full timeThe Market Building Manager is responsible for developing and executing a program of activities that supports collaboration amongst GIIN members to build the market for impact investing with two primary points of focus: 1) harmonization of practices amongst market actors; and 2) development and innovation of impact investing products and services. In addition, the Manager also plays a role in the recruitment of new members in line with the annual goals of the Membership Program as a whole. The Manager works closely with the other Managers within the Membership Program as well as pursuing a high degree of integration with other GIIN programs. Responsibilities: Develop member activities that support deeper harmonization within impact investing and advance progress on the Road Map for the Future of Impact Investing industry Work with other GIIN Programs to develop a strategy/suite of activities that engage and leverage the membership as part of GIIN’s wider activities,...Manager, Policy, Communications and MarketingCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Manager, TransportationCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Senior Manager, Environmental Justice PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Senior Manager, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Jan 25, 2021Senior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Environmental Program ManagerTriumvirate Environmental Los Angeles, CA, USAEssential responsibilities and duties include: Leading all Environmental Specialist meetings and facilitating mentor discussions. Training staff on RCRA, DOT, OSHA, and State regulations as well as Disposal Facility standard operating procedures Assisting in the management of the Waste Technician team. Coordinating site specific team meetings to ensure we are delivering the services promised within each Master Services Agreement (i.e. contract) Developing work schedules for waste pickups and supply deliveries Creating paperwork and oversight of shipments Completing QA/QC of relevant paperwork to ensure compliance with all State and Federal regulations (shipping documents, LDRs, Profiles, Packing slips) When applicable, performing remote QA/QC for relevant field work performed by other staff members Scoping and assisting in the creation of proposals for onsite work (i.e. lab packs, misc. disposal) Assisting with invoice review to ensure...Jan 25, 2021Full timeEssential responsibilities and duties include: Leading all Environmental Specialist meetings and facilitating mentor discussions. Training staff on RCRA, DOT, OSHA, and State regulations as well as Disposal Facility standard operating procedures Assisting in the management of the Waste Technician team. Coordinating site specific team meetings to ensure we are delivering the services promised within each Master Services Agreement (i.e. contract) Developing work schedules for waste pickups and supply deliveries Creating paperwork and oversight of shipments Completing QA/QC of relevant paperwork to ensure compliance with all State and Federal regulations (shipping documents, LDRs, Profiles, Packing slips) When applicable, performing remote QA/QC for relevant field work performed by other staff members Scoping and assisting in the creation of proposals for onsite work (i.e. lab packs, misc. disposal) Assisting with invoice review to ensure...Environmental Health & Safety Manager -Haz WstWaste Management Emelle, Alabama, USAWaste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. I. Job Summary Supervises environmental, health and safety programs for Chemical Waste Management hazardous waste operation. Provides staff support and oversight to ensure the implementation of established environmental and safety policies, programs, and processes, so that operations are managed to keep people safe and protect the environment. This includes ensuring compliance/conformance with: environmental and safety legal requirements; Corporate Environmental...Jan 25, 2021Full timeWaste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. I. Job Summary Supervises environmental, health and safety programs for Chemical Waste Management hazardous waste operation. Provides staff support and oversight to ensure the implementation of established environmental and safety policies, programs, and processes, so that operations are managed to keep people safe and protect the environment. This includes ensuring compliance/conformance with: environmental and safety legal requirements; Corporate Environmental...Student Worker - Corporate Law Internship and ScholarshipDominion Energy Salt Lake City, UT, USAJob Summary Dominion Energy Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Richmond, Virginia-based Dominion Energy, Inc., is recruiting for its Corporate Law Internship and Scholarship. The successful applicant will work closely with Dominion Energy attorneys with legal research and related tasks. The work may cover a wide range of subjects, including but not limited to oil and gas, contract, human resources, environmental, and administrative law, litigation support, and both federal and state law for eighteen or more states, including Utah. This position will be located in Salt Lake City at our DEU Corporate Office. About Dominion Energy Dominion Energy, Inc., and its many subsidiaries are collectively one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy, including natural gas distribution, electric generation, and electricity transmission and distribution. Dominion Energy and its subsidiaries have a long history of service to individuals and the communities in which...Jan 25, 2021Internship- PaidJob Summary Dominion Energy Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Richmond, Virginia-based Dominion Energy, Inc., is recruiting for its Corporate Law Internship and Scholarship. The successful applicant will work closely with Dominion Energy attorneys with legal research and related tasks. The work may cover a wide range of subjects, including but not limited to oil and gas, contract, human resources, environmental, and administrative law, litigation support, and both federal and state law for eighteen or more states, including Utah. This position will be located in Salt Lake City at our DEU Corporate Office. About Dominion Energy Dominion Energy, Inc., and its many subsidiaries are collectively one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy, including natural gas distribution, electric generation, and electricity transmission and distribution. Dominion Energy and its subsidiaries have a long history of service to individuals and the communities in which...General Engineer / Physical ScientistU.S. Environmental Protection Agency Ann Arbor, MI, USASummary This position is in the Office of Air and Radiation, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Assessment and Standards Division, Fuels Center. If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement. About the Office of Air and Radiation . Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Gather and analyze scientific data and information to assist in developing Agency policies on fuel control strategies; Participate in evaluating and modeling projects on fuel changes to assess the impact on vehicle/engine emissions and performance; Assist in the evaluation and modeling of new renewable and alternative fuels to assess environmental and marketplace impacts; Participate in projects representing the Agency’s operating programs for transportation fuels to provide recommendations for advancing programs and methods. When entering a Federal job at a grade level lower than the highest...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSummary This position is in the Office of Air and Radiation, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Assessment and Standards Division, Fuels Center. If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement. About the Office of Air and Radiation . Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Gather and analyze scientific data and information to assist in developing Agency policies on fuel control strategies; Participate in evaluating and modeling projects on fuel changes to assess the impact on vehicle/engine emissions and performance; Assist in the evaluation and modeling of new renewable and alternative fuels to assess environmental and marketplace impacts; Participate in projects representing the Agency’s operating programs for transportation fuels to provide recommendations for advancing programs and methods. When entering a Federal job at a grade level lower than the highest...Environmental Compliance ManagerClean Harbors North Amityville, NY, USAJob Description Responsibilities The Opportunity The Senior Environmental Compliance Manager is responsible for providing environmental compliance support and guidance to NY, NJ, CT, and PA Safety-Kleen Systems, Inc. and Clean Harbors facilities ensuring compliance with the federal, local, and internal regulatory requirements. Why work for Safety-Kleen? Health and Safety is our #1 priority and we live it 3-6-5 Competitive wages Comprehensive health benefits coverage after 30 days of full-time employment Group 401K with company matching component Generous paid time off, company paid training and tuition reimbursement Positive and safe work environments Opportunities for growth and development for all the stages of your career Responsibilities: Conduct formal and systematic reviews of the facility to ensure compliance with federal and state regulations for environmental affairs and health and safety. Identify...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Description Responsibilities The Opportunity The Senior Environmental Compliance Manager is responsible for providing environmental compliance support and guidance to NY, NJ, CT, and PA Safety-Kleen Systems, Inc. and Clean Harbors facilities ensuring compliance with the federal, local, and internal regulatory requirements. Why work for Safety-Kleen? Health and Safety is our #1 priority and we live it 3-6-5 Competitive wages Comprehensive health benefits coverage after 30 days of full-time employment Group 401K with company matching component Generous paid time off, company paid training and tuition reimbursement Positive and safe work environments Opportunities for growth and development for all the stages of your career Responsibilities: Conduct formal and systematic reviews of the facility to ensure compliance with federal and state regulations for environmental affairs and health and safety. Identify...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
