"IMI - A Global People Company - Mechanical Conveyor Installer Job Opportunities - IMI - A Global People CompanyHomeEmployee PortalContact UsHomeEmployee PortalContact UsJob OpportunitiesApply NowSearch JobsShare this JobMechanical Conveyor InstallerLocation : Goodyear, AZJob Type : Temp/ContractReference Code : 150608Start Date :	07/13/2020Hours : Full TimeTravel : NoRelocation : NoJob Industry : ConstructionJob Description :Who We Are:Founded in 1998, IMI is the largest installation resource company in North America, delivering technical resources and solutions to the supply chain industry. Offering turnkey installation talent and OEM product deployment in fields such as manufacturing, supply chain, automation, and robotics.IMI has qualified, trained, and deployed thousands of technicians throughout North America and has worked with some of the world’s most progressive Fortune 500 companies for over 20 years. For more information, visit imipeople.com. Who We’re Looking for:IMI is looking for someone who’s self-motivated and result-oriented for upcoming contracts as a Mechanical Conveyor Installer.We’re hoping you are someone who is mechanically inclined, with a willingness to accept instruction and a variety of new tasks with a positive attitude and a comfortability of working at heights up to 30 feet. With that being said, we hope that most importantly, you have a high degree of safety awareness.Required Qualifications :Experience/Education:The right candidate for this position must have verification of their high school diploma or GED & certifications, as well as one or more years’ experience in construction or in warehouse conveyors.If you suit the above, you could be responsible for:- Assembling mechanical conveyors.- Using hand tools, cordless power tools, and mechanical assembly of tools while handling materials and fasteners.- Verifying accuracy and quality in accordance with established standards- Installing Guard rail, rack, air piping (aluminum, copper, black iron).- Operating Forklift / Scissor lift safely.Worksites can be dangerous, so in order to ensure your safety at all times, we require you always possess a hard hat, steel-toe boots, work gloves, safety vests, and work goggles.Due to the many responsibilities we are tasking our employees with, we ask they have some or all of the following:- Any or all basic hand tools, and a toolbox or bag.- Tape measure- 2LB small sledgehammer- Level (7-10 inch)- Band cutters (tin snips)- 3/8” ratchet set with standard sockets ranging from 3/8” to 1” (deep well recommended)- Standard wrench set- Set of standard Allen wrenches- Line up pin or drift-pin (8-10 inches long)- Square (small carpenter one)Additional Job Details:- Work Location: Goodyear, AZ- Contract Length: TBD *end dates are subject to change*- Benefits Offered: Health insurance, Dental insurance, other types of insurance- Temporary Full-time/ Overtime Opportunity: Yes- Pay Frequency: WeeklyThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee is occasionally required to sit. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to fume or airborne particles. The employee frequently works in high, precarious places, and in outside weather conditions. The employee frequently works near moving mechanical parts, extreme cold (including outdoors), extreme heat (including direct sunlight), risk of electrical shock, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment will vary from somewhat loud to extremely loud.The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you are unable to meet the requirements as listed above, you must advise your recruiter immediately.©2020 IMI – A Global People CompanyINDURGApply NowSearch JobsPowered byApply NowCopyright © 2020 IMI Inc. All Rights Reserved."
