"Full Time Primary Care Job #1156101 D.C., DC | Olesky Associates, Inc | Physemp.commenuCreate AccountAlready have an account? Login.Primary Care jobs in District Of Columbia United States | 1 ResultsCreate Account LoginFull Time Primary Care Job DCFull TimeD.C., DC44432alarm 2 years agoPosted by Olesky Associates, IncEmployer Olesky Associates, IncJob DescriptionInternal Medicine / Primary Care Physician, Adult Outpatient (FQHC) – D.C.A Federally Qualified Health Center in the District of Columbia is seeking an Internal Medicine / Primary Care Physician to join their team of healthcare providers.The Physician will function as one of the primary medical services providers and is responsible for initiating assessment, diagnosis and the implementation of a range of care interventions for the patient presenting with undifferentiated and undiagnosed health problems. Be able to evaluate the effectiveness of various treatment modalities and referrals through autonomous and accountable decisions in medical practice supported by current research.Provide quality primary wellness and sick care to Health Center adult patients in an efficient manner. Perform routine medical duties (complete and lock medical notes, review laboratory results, address telephone encounters). Collaborate with internal and external healthcare providers as necessary to make appropriate medical decisions.Coordinate the transferring of patients to emergency facility and arrange for hospitalization as needed. Coordinate for sub-specialty care with the nursing and social work staff. Provide consultation and education to patients and/or parents and staff to increase the quality of patient care. Provide consultation and education to patients to increase the quality of patient care. Provide guidance and assistance to medical assistants. Participate in inter-departmental meetings as needed.Qualifications - Must possess a M.D. / D.O. degree and a current license to practice Medicine in the District of Columbia. Board Certification in Internal Medicine preferable. A minimum of three (3) years of practicing medicine in a community health clinic environment and/or experience in working with immigrant or economically disadvantaged populations in a healthcare setting highly desirable.Related JobsWe are showing these jobs because they are similar to the search query you entered."
