"Retail Workers Comp | Workers Compensation Claims1-888-343-5375 • 24/7 ¡HABLAMOS ESPAÑOL! 1-888-343-5375 • 24/7 FREE CASE REVIEW ¡HABLAMOS ESPAÑOL!MenuHomeWorkers CompensationDisabilityCase TypesAbout UsAbout Fields Law FirmSteve Fields, FounderMeet Our AttorneysMeet Our Legal StaffWhy Choose UsWhy Hire Fields Law FirmClient TestimonialsSuccess StoriesGet Help Now¡HABLAMOS ESPAÑOL!Workers' CompensationPay Nothing Unless WeWin Your CasePay Nothing Unless WeWin Your CaseYou Have QuestionsWe Have AnswersWe Get ResultsOUR STRENGTH ON YOUR CASE®xHome > Minnesota Workers Compensation Lawyer > Work Injuries by Job Type > Retail Workers and Workers Compensation Claims	Retail Workers and Workers Compensation ClaimsPeople who work in retail stores, car dealerships, and other sales-oriented businesses make up a large percentage of Minnesota’s work force. While these jobs may seem less risky than other occupations at first glance, the attorneys at Fields Law Firm know that many sales workers suffer in silence after on-the-job injuries.If you or someone you love got hurt while working as a retail salesperson, stock clerk, cashier, or in another position, our workers comp lawyers in Minnesota can advise you on the best course of action. We became one of Minnesota’s largest injury and disability law firms by assisting clients like you.Let us help you – simply call 1-888-343-5375 or complete our online form for a free case review. There’s no cost for the consultation and no obligation to hire us.Client Success StoryOur team of experienced back injury attorneys represented a department store worker in a claim against her employer after a bank of lockers fell on top of her at work, causing a compression fracture in her lower spine. The woman had to undergo numerous surgeries as result of her work injury. Her doctors deemed her permanently unable to work.The Fields Law attorneys settled the claim through mediation for $99,000, ensuring that the employer and insurer would pay all future reasonable and necessary medical expenses related to her serious and complex back injury.Injury Risks for Retail WorkersRetail workers may be at risk for developing severe and chronic injuries, such as:Back and Neck InjuriesMany retail employees are required to lift and move heavy boxes containing merchandise and signage. If boxes are too heavy, or proper lifting techniques aren’t provided, employees can suffer serious back and neck injuries.Foot and Leg InjuriesCashiers, salespeople, and greeters often stand in one place for hours at a time. This can put pressure on their feet and legs, and over time, it can lead to painful sores, sprains, and even arthritis.Repetitive Stress InjuriesEmployees, such as stock clerks and cashiers, must often perform the same movements over and over again when stocking merchandise or ringing up customers. These repetitive motions can injure workers’ backs, elbows, and shoulders and cause conditions like carpal tunnel syndrome.At Fields Law, we pride ourselves on helping injured retail workers throughout Minnesota. Whether you’re worried about your health, getting fired for reporting your injury, or just want to know what happens next, our workers’ compensation law firm attorneys can answer your questions and give you the information you need.Workers' CompensationMinnesota Workers Compensation LawyerWorkers Comp Claims ProcessWhat To Do If You Get Hurt At WorkYour Rights to Workers Comp BenefitsWhat Qualifies as a Workers Comp Claim?Can I Get Fired for Filing a Work Comp Claim?How Much Are Work Comp Attorney Fees?Types of Workers Comp BenefitsMinnesota Workers Compensation LawsWork RestrictionsWhat to Do if Your Claim is DeniedTips to Maximize Your Workers CompensationHow to Protect Your FutureTypes of Work-Related InjuriesWork Injuries by Job TypeWorkers Compensation ResourcesMinnesota Workers’ Compensation FAQsSETTLEMENTS AND RECOVERIES IN ALL CASES DEPEND ON SPECIFIC FACTUAL AND LEGAL CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH ARE UNIQUE TO EACH CLIENT’S CASE. PAST CASE RESULTS ARE NOT A GUARANTEE OR PREDICTION OF SIMILAR RESULTS IN FUTURE CASES WHICH THE FIELDS LAW FIRM AND ITS LAWYERS MAY UNDERTAKE.READ OUR CLIENT REVIEWSFields Law Firm4.9John Kelley21:38 16 Oct 18I was having issues with an insurance company and I hired fields law firm. The people there are amazing and always quick to answer questions even a couple times on the weekend. I worked with Blake amazing person and very informative on my case. I would highly recommend this firm to any of my friends.read moreMichael Frazier23:58 10 Oct 18I had the pleasure to work with Michael and Annie on my LTD case. When my claim was denied by the insurance carrier, Michael didn't hesitate to take them on with an appeal. He worked diligently on the appeal and ultimately won this for me. Mind you, this wasn't a huge case but he treated me like it was and as if I was the only case he was representing. He kept me abreast of vital information, it was clear that he knew his stuff and wasn't afraid to take on the big insurance company. Michael was much more than I ever expected given that our relationship was entirely remote, handled by telephone and email only. Not only is he a strong lawyer, he treated me with compassion and respect. I am beyond pleased with him and the Fields Law team. Michael cares about his clients and he gets the job done for them because he knows how impactful an injury can be to both a person's well-being and their financial security. I highly recommend Michael and Fields Law whether you are local to their Minnesota offices or out of state like myself.read moreMelanie Eason20:12 29 Aug 18Fields Law Firm is great. Patrick Kramer, my lawyer, is fantastic. He and his legal assistant Samantha K. have handled my case for several years. They have kept me informed every step of the way. They are both easy to contact. I have both of their phone numbers and email addresses and they respond promptly to any messages I leave. Without their help I would not have been able to get the disability company to fulfill their promises. It is a relief to leave all the dealings with the disability insurance company in their hands.read moreJeannie Kerr23:37 15 Sep 18My experience with Merrick Williams of Fields Law Firm has been truly above and beyond satisfactory. His knowledge and professionalism have guided me through a very difficult time. He and his assistant Angela were readily available to answer any questions and address my concerns. I highly recommend him as an attorney and will use his services again if necessary in the future.read moreebon jordan19:51 27 Sep 18Field Law Firm was great my lawyer Zach Schmoll was more than I could ask for. He always kept me in the loop and explain everything perfectly, got back to me whenever I called less than 24 hrs and was a extremely nice guy. This guy is young and knows what he is doing so please don’t let the age fool you. I had a wonderful experience with Field Law and will refer anyone with legal matters to them.read moreEdward Johnson23:11 31 Oct 18I highly recommend Fields law Firm if you need some no nonsense attorneys to represent you. I was treated courteously and efficiently each and every time by Mike and his associates. They settled my Long Term Disability case in a timely fashion. and was pleased with the results. Thanks again Mike and Fields Law Firm. You are the best!read moreJeffrey19:19 09 Nov 18Fields Law Firm is simply the very best when it comes to representing you & fighting for your rights! They are a \"10 Star\" Law Firm hands down! Michael Kemmmitt & Sarah Christensen were simply outstanding to work with. They took over my long term disability case after I was being denied my benefits & gave me the moral support & law experience that I needed to win my case. They were supportive throughout my case & they will fight tooth & nail to assure your rights are not being denied. It is so rare to find a law firm that treats you like YOU are the most important person to them. I HIGHLY recommend Fields Law Firm. They are truly advocates for justice.read moreBen Chadwick23:20 12 Nov 18Michael and Samantha were always giving me updates in a very timely manner. They were very good at getting back with me if I had questions, and they didn't have the answer at the time of our discussion. They were very thorough in their handling of my case, and we received a positvie ruling due to their efficiency and expertise. Thank you very much Michael and Samantha, I appreciate all that you did to help me with my case. I would definitely refer people to you, as well as use you in the future. Benjamin Chadwick.read moreMichael Rosa00:01 01 Dec 18Evan was absolutely fantastic. He was knowledgable, informative and patient. Evan Sanford and Fields law took my case when other lawyers pretty much told me to pound sand. The outcome was a substantial amount of money that will take the pressure off of me for years to come. I would absolutely recommend Fields law.read moreBOBBY jr17:49 02 Dec 18It is very difficult for the average disabled person to battle the disability insurance and Social Security disability industries. I was very sick, exhausted, and stressed out about being denied and told that I can work by someone who doesn't even know me! The paperwork was daunting and had to be filled out multiple times. I chose Field's Law Firm after finding them online. They took over my claims and handled all of the paperwork and appeals that were necessary. They even went to a hearing with me to the Social Security Judge. Field's also kept me in the loop every step of the way. This allowed me to focus more on myself and greatly reduced my financial anxiety. They don't get paid unless you get paid. You truly have nothing to lose and everything to gain! I am truly appreciative of Field's Law Firm!read moreRaphael Roe00:35 04 Dec 18I had the pleasure of working with Patrick Kramer for my LTD appeal. He walked me through the entire process and answered all my questions. Patrick called me anytime there was new information and went above and beyond what I expected. It was one of the most stress free processes I’ve had to deal with thanks to the team at Field’s! Thank you for all your hard work! -Michael Roe, Monroe, MIread moreDonna Williams19:07 06 Dec 18My attorney, Blake Bauer and paralegal, Samantha Kurschner are wonderful. Whenever I need to speak with one of them, they are always available. If I have to leave a message, my call is promptly returned. They worked diligently on my case and won my LTD claim. I highly recommend Fields Law Firm.read moreLori Anderson20:33 04 Dec 18Jodie has been a wonderful person and on top of my social security disability claim. The attorneys are great and very thorough with what they do. Would recommend Fielsd Law Firm to everyone. Thank you for everything you have done for me.Todd Burge15:40 11 Dec 18I worked with Attorney Hans Lodge on a large debt collection from a creditor. He was able to determine that there was a violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and swiftly moved into legal action. This whole matter was completely and quickly resolved within a couple of months. This whole situation could not have turned out any better on my end. I highly recommend working with Hans or any of the attorneys at Fields Law Firm!read moreJohn Notaro05:09 09 Jan 19Fields law represented me with class and always had the answers I needed to know every step of the way. Patrick and Jodie always kept me informed when there were updates to my case with a phone call. I can't recommend Fields law enough. I know I couldn't have won my case without the hard work of their entire team. Thank you all and most importantly how you changed my life for the better.read moreJeff Howe07:06 20 Jan 19I have used this law firm twice. Zach had my case and he truly cares about you as a person. Thanks fields for getting the bestStacy Tietjen19:39 22 Jan 19My experience with Fields Law Firm has been amazing. The dedicated service and professionalism they have shown me is above and beyond. Especially Blake Bauer, he has kept me updated every step of the way. If it wasn't for him and his team, I would not have won my case. I will continue to use Fields Law firm for all my legal needs.read moreMax Power00:31 26 Jan 19Fields Law Firm represented me in my long term disability and social security disability cases. My attorney was Michael Kemmit and I can't say enough good things about Michael.Michael did an outstanding job taking the time to really understand my disabilities and how they impacted my ability to work. He skillfully and successfully communicated this to my insurance company & social security while referencing supporting evidence in my medical records. Michael is very comforting, compassionate and easy to talk to. Michael and the staff at Fields Law were professional, courteous and responsive to all my questions throughout the entire process.I 100% wholeheartedly recommend Fields Law. I doubt you could find a better law firm to represent you.read moreTanya Nash00:32 31 Jan 19Blake kept me informed every step of the way with my work comp case! He made sure I understood all of the information and always made me feel comfortable with what was happening! He helped me get a good settlement!Jazzy J18:05 08 Feb 19I have had the opportunity to be represented by Fields Law Firm. They provided me with excellent service. They responded promptly to all of my phone calls. My case was handled by Mark (attorney) and Angela (paralegal). I will definitely hire them again in the future if needed. Thanks again for your assistance and dedication. J. Johnsonread moreBrynda Bradford22:46 12 Feb 19Working with Blake Bauer and Angela was a very positive experience they were very knowledgeable and exceeded my expectations. If you are looking for a law firm to help assist you with Long Term Disability or worker's compensation I recommend Fields Law Firm.read moreMichelle Trebtoske17:06 04 Mar 19My lawyer, Blake Bauer, represented me very well in my long term disability law suit. He got me a settlement I was pleased with. He was respectful, courteous, understanding, very knowledgeable and professional. He was a great communicator.read morekenya Howze23:20 04 Mar 19I recently had a stroke and had to leave my job and had to go on short term Disability which turned into Long term disability and this was a challenge. It was so challenging dealing with Doctors then with LTD it seemed that they were always trying to find ways to stop my disability. So I went online and researched Attorneys for LTD cases and Fields had great reviews and I want to say this was the best decision ever Blake and Annie have been my dream team and I have not been the best client as far as being compliant I have had so many issues in the last mot from health to Money issues and they stayed on me never waivered. They were so patient and compassionate Annie's voice at times soothed me because I was so ready to give up its very stressful but they made me feel lighter like I wasn't alone and they made it happen they won my case. I am so fortunate to have found this law firm and have the super team of Blake and Annie you guys are my heroes you have saved the day in my case the year . Thank you so much for your patience and your guidance and I recommend this law firm to anyone having issues with there disability case, if I could go higher than 5 stars they definitely would get 10!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!read moreDan Cartier14:15 07 Mar 19Let's be honest, nobody wants to need a lawyer or be put in the place where you have to search for one. And if that time comes, I hope you look to Fields Law for that! I was put in a bad spot with loosing my credit due to a companies mishandlement of my financial information. Not good, and this was a very big company. So my worries were who would be willing and capable to take on such a job. I searched and called and spent many hours trying to find that company. But when I was referred to Fields, my worries were gone! I was instantly connected with Blake my attorney, who assured me I was in the right place with the right people! The positive attitude from absolutely every person I worked with and the knowledge they possessed was awesome. They helped me understand everything in a way that I could get; since some of the terminology and process wasn't my strong point! My case was going to be a long one; and knowing this there was not a single point that I felt I wasn't in the loop. They were honest and fair to both sides and I would highly recommend them to anyone needing help! Thanks again Fields Law!read moreBoris Fortner18:15 07 Mar 19My experience with Fields Law Firm could not have been any better. They have kept me informed every step of the way. They fought to get me a win which is more than I was hoping for. I would recommend them to anyone who truly wants to win. I thank God for them. They have been a blessing to me and my family.read moreJonathan Mannuzza15:29 12 Mar 19The reason I chose Fields Law Firm was twofold, I got to speak directly with an attorney that would be handling my case and their structure was fair and equitable. Throughout the whole ordeal, Zach and Angela both exhibited professionalism, honesty, integrity, were timely with follow up, and above all treated me like a human being that they cared about rather than just another case. Zach definitely worked hard on my behalf and I can’t thank him enough for getting an acceptable resolution so that I can move forward with my life.read moreMona Selim16:42 22 Mar 19Blake Bauer At the Fields Law Firm is an excellent attorney who has high integrity and excellent work ethics.Blake walked me through the process of my claim and gave me realistic timeline and potential outcomes. He advised me on how to proceed with my best interest in mind. He was happy returning my phone calls and never got tired of my questions and concerns. He was very supportive when I was down and understood my struggle and helped me to the best of his abilities as the law permits. He is very thoughtful, he would ask me how I am doing; he even called me to wish me a happy birthday🙏The entire staff at Fields Law Firm is very friendly and on top of things. They didn’t let anything go unaddressed. They helped me understand the paperwork process. They are very punctual and returned my calls very quickly with all the answers they could provide me.This was my first time working with any law firm and my experience with Field’s Law Firm, Blake Bauer, Samantha Kurschner and the staff was extremely pleasant during a tough time in my life. Thanks everyone, job well done.Mona S.read moreShannon Warren19:07 22 Mar 19Fields Law Firm was a great company to work with. I had received a settlement offer for my LTD and I wasn't sure if I should take it or not and they helped me out with the whole process. Zachary was so amazing and kept me updated on everything going on. I would recommend them completely!read moreTaryn Grahek18:19 08 Apr 19Highly recommend Fields law firm, they are a great help and walk you through the process. They are on top of keeping you updated and in the loop and they are very good with communication. All of my questions were always answered perfectly. Fantastic place!read moreMichelle Lim17:30 12 Apr 19Fields Law Firm did an excellent job with my disability case. They were always available for questions, had knowledgeable answers, and set my mind at ease many times during the process. Not only were they nice to work with, but my case turned out favorably. I would highly recommend their services.read moreMichelle Renspe17:45 12 Apr 19Everyone at Fields Law Firm we're very friendly they always answered any questions i had. It was a long-haul but they never gave up on my case they fought for me till the end. Jody from fields Law Firm always kept me informed on what was going on she always answered any questions I had for her. I would definitely recommend this Law Firm to anybody needing help with either Social Security workman's comp or other things just take a minute and look them up you will love what you see.read moreBentley Luo19:28 22 Apr 19Field Law Firm successfully helped me overturn the denial of the LTD case by the insurance company in the appeal process. I could not say enough great things about everyone I’ve interacted with at their Firm during this process. They literally took over the process from the first phone call and shielded me from the extreme stress dealing with the insurance company so I was able to continue to focus on my recovery. They exhibited great professionalism and care for their clients and has seamless coordination process in place working diligently to move the case forward. I would recommend Fields Law Firm to anyone who needs support in their pursuing LTD claim case.read moreLinda Jones14:02 16 May 19I was at my absolute breaking point trying to work with my long term disability company. I have metastatic cancer and my long term disability company denied my claim. I, thankfully, was put it touch with Fields Law firm and they were amazing. I spoke with Blake Bauer and was tears. My frustration level was at my breaking point. He explained to me that he would take the torch from point on. They accepted my case, fought my insurance company and had their denial reversed. My experience has been amazing. I have not shed one tear since. I would HIGHLY recommend Fields Law!!!read moreDavid Strand17:18 24 May 19I am absolutely thrilled about the service I received from Fields Law Firm.From start to finish, I was kept in the loop as to the status of my case. If action was required on my part, this was communicated clearly. My main point is: the process of applying for Social Security benefits is massive and daunting. Fields Law Firm made navigating the process a breeze. I never felt the need to worry about my case; the professional manner in which my case was handled was very reassuring. They were prompt, professional, and communicative throughout.I would recommend Fields Law Firm to anyone applying for disability, hands down.read morechris smith23:15 28 May 19One of my big concerns when researching for a group to help me with my short and long term insurance claims was if it was going to be an issue with a group that was not in my state of NY. It was not an issue at all. The Fields Law Group was so helpful right from start to finish of the claims. No matter who I was dealing within the group they exceeded my expectations repeatedly. Even when there was turnover of tasks within the group itself the preparation and execution of the change went flawlessly and communication lines were never dropped.I have already recommended Fields Law Group to people I thought they could help and will continue to do so. I don’t make recommendations lightly but I believe this group has really mastered their skills in both their legal knowledge and customer service. Thank you for being there to help people like myself that would have no place else to turn.read morelouise Jackson19:52 30 May 19I am thankful for the wonderful service I received. Attorney Blake Bauer reviewed my case and fought hard for all of my concerns. He was attentive, honest, kept me informed and he would not allow my claim to be denied. All of the staff members were personable and professional. If you have a difficult case do not give up hope. Call the Fields Law Firm!read moreDawn Schaller13:11 31 May 19Blake Bauer helped us navigate a difficult situation with our credit reports being incorrect and with our previous mortgage company. Not only did he help us get the issues resolved, we also received compensation for damages to our credit. We are so pleased that Blake is there for the consumer and not \"the man\". Thank you to Blake and his team! Great job. We would recommend you to anyone who needs your guidance and expertise.read moreDarla Baker15:52 03 Jun 19When helping my former foster daughter with her Social Security Disability appeal process, I found the staff at Fields Law Firm to be competent, thorough, respectful and patient. Throughout my daughter was treated with compassion and dignity. They were careful to be sure we understood every step of the process, and quickly responded to any questions we had. After having been denied benefits three times before, she was awarded benefits with the help of Mike and Jodi at Fields Law Firm.read moreSarah Stevens12:11 06 Jun 19I am extremely appreciative of the help Fields Law Firm provided to me. I was getting absolutely nowhere with my insurance benefit (that I had been paying for the policy for 15 years) and Fields was able to navigate the process for me, kept me informed along the way and secured my benefits!! Highly recommend their firm if need professional help!read moreLouie Lueras Jr.19:46 10 Jun 19Great Law firm! They have been extremely helpful with my case! Couldn’t ask for a better experience. Highly recommend to anyone! Mike communicated with me always!Brandy Cantrell19:37 13 Jun 19Fields Law Firm deserves 10 stars! They have worked on my Ltd case for months! Zach, Samantha, and the entire team honestly care about you as a person. You aren't just a dollar sign to them. They treat you with compassion and respect. They keep you informed of each step of the process and give updates periodically. I recommend Fields Law Firm to Anyone needing representation within the scope of Law in which Fields Law Firm practices. Thank you so much Field's Law Firm for the excellent care, quality of service, and representation of my case!read moreKaren Blaser18:13 30 Jun 19Blake Bauer and his team wear amazing! I live in Georgia and called several law firms before I found Fields Law Firm on the Internet. As soon as I called, I knew this was the firm I was going with. Blake was responsive, knowledgeable, forthright and a pleasure to work with. I felt extremely confident with them handling my long-term disability case. Thank you Blake and Samantha for everything!read moreMark Greathouse20:25 08 Jul 19Fields Law Firm was engagement to represent us in a disability appeal case. From the initial contact with the firm addressing our preliminary questions and concerns the representatives were forthcoming and informative. Upon engaging the firm to represent our interest, a strategy was developed for our appeal with clear action items, milestones, and timelines. At no time did we ever feel as if we did not know the status of our case or what was happening.The firm was very clear about the information and items needed to support the case and communications were clear and supportive. The timeline and expectations for requests were clearly presented in layman's terms. Any concerns which arose during the execution of the appeal were dealt with quickly and effectively. We had a successful outcome to our case and I recommend the Fields Law Firm.read moreTony Erickson22:33 12 Jul 19Blake Bauer of Fields Law Firm is a brilliant lawyer. Hands down one of the best experience of my life. Blake and his team took a very difficult and trying time for me and turned it in to an out come I would of never thought possible in the beginning. I was denied by workers compensation insurance while I was recovering from surgery that was originally an accepted claim.Blake and his team fought hard to have my benefits reinstated and see that my injury was taken care of. If you are looking for the best call Fields Law Firm.read moreDonna Biggs22:12 15 Jul 19Fields Law Firm was a God send when I found them. My long term disability insurance I had paid for through my employer for the extra long term disability insurance tried to get out of paying me what they had committed to. When I first spoke to one of Fields representatives very soon after I initially contacted them (on a Sunday evening) I immediately felt better and reassured that Fields Law Firm was genuinely concerned about helping me get my LTD benefits continued. And they did a great job! The folks there that worked on my case were very kind and compassionate. I would definitely recommend Fields Law Firm if you need legal help.read moreDeborah Stephens21:50 02 Aug 19I cannot say enough good things about this firm! They recently handled my husband's long term disability and social security cases, and both resulted in decisions in his favour. They are worth every penny they get! We could NOT have done it without them! They treated us with respect and compassion. We cannot thank them enough! These are the kind of people that restore your faith in the belief that there ARE ethical and good caring lawyers out there.read moreShannon Holliker17:45 12 Aug 19I am still trying to figure out how to put into words the amazing work of Samantha and attorney, Mark. They are absolutely amazing and they validate your feelings when you are struggling with all of the challenges that accompany a disability claim. I never expected that the breaks would be placed so abruptly on my very active life and thriving career. However, that’s what happens when we are unexpectedly struck with medical circumstances. If it had not been for Mark as my attorney, I really don’t think I would have survived financially because ultimately my case was ruled in my favor. It was an extremely complex and difficult case to prove. Samantha really knows her job well and keeps things moving forward. They made a very emotionally distressing situation bearable! If you need someone to tell you honestly and navigate the complexities of ambiguous terms of you policy while making sure you receive pay out for what is owed to you, you absolutely will not find a better team! I am so grateful-they’ll never know how much they changed my life! Thank you Samantha and Mark and Fields Law Firm!read moreKevin Seibert16:58 14 Aug 19Zach is an amazing attorney to work with. He was very timely in his call back and he always had the right information when I contacted him with questions. When he wasn't available Patty was there to help with all my needs. I would definitely recommend fields law firm for anyone I know with work comp or personal injury related casesread moreMB Ruby22:02 15 Aug 19I cannot say enough about Fields law firm. Chase Hedrick is an outstanding and compassionate attorney with a great deal of integrity. Do not hesitate to hire Fields to represent you. Fields won my appeal for me against a carrier with one of the worst reputations in the LTD industry. Be wary of other west coast firms that want to charge outrageous fees on all your future benefits and keep you on the hook for years to come! A+++read moreMolly Rocha20:57 19 Aug 19Thank you Fields Law Firm! Merrick Williams and Samantha Kurschner are great. My case was a emotional one for me. My calls and emails were always addressed quickly. The Team helped me win my appeal and I am very grateful.Thank you,Mollyread moreChuck Kohlman15:02 20 Aug 19I knew right away that I had chosen the right law firm to help me in getting my disability case resolved. Fields Law Firm was immediately responsive and informative. I felt welcomed and valued as a client. From the first moment of contact until the favorable resolution, I was kept aware of every detail. Chase and Annie are the best! Highly recommended.read moreRobert Lewis18:59 22 Aug 19I want to express my deep gratitude towards Fields Law Firm, and especially my lawyer Blake Bauer for his excellent representation regarding my disability case. A 5-star rating, in my opinion, is well warranted, because of their professionalism, legal representation and empathy displayed through this process. I could not be more happy with the result of winning my disability case. Just want to say job well done.I want to, at thistime, personally think Blake and his staff for a favorable outcome.Sincerely,Robertread moreA Jones23:29 24 Aug 19The moment I stepped out in faith asking God to guide me through it all, I made a phone call to Fields Law Firm to represent me on my case. I am glad I did!Zach is an extraordinary Attorney, knowledgeable, dedicated, determined and will fight for your case tooth and nail. He advised me throughout the process and if for any reason he wasn’t there, Angela was right, there. Fields Law Firm, did not only work on my case but reached out with comforting and uplifting words when I lost a member of my family. That speaks volumes about Fields Law Firm. I will never forget that!Zach, I couldn’t have done this without you and the members of Fields Law Firm for working so hard on my case and now is resolved. Thank you for easing my worries and uncertainties.Fields Law Firm, you are Simply the Best!read moreDeborah Stephens21:50 02 Aug 19I cannot say enough good things about this firm! They recently handled my husband's long term disability and social security cases, and both resulted in decisions in his favour. They are worth every penny they get! We could NOT have done it without them! They treated us with respect and compassion. We cannot thank them enough! These are the kind of people that restore your faith in the belief that there ARE ethical and good caring lawyers out there.read moreRobert Lewis18:59 22 Aug 19I want to express my deep gratitude towards Fields Law Firm, and especially my lawyer Blake Bauer for his excellent representation regarding my disability case. A 5-star rating, in my opinion, is well warranted, because of their professionalism, legal representation and empathy displayed through this process. I could not be more happy with the result of winning my disability case. Just want to say job well done.I want to, at thistime, personally think Blake and his staff for a favorable outcome.Sincerely,Robertread moreChris Colletti20:04 04 Sep 19Fields Law Firm rocks! Jodi is awesome.Fields was instrumental in helping me receive a fully favorable decision toward obtaining my disability settlement. On my own, I was denied benefits from disability. My health history didn't change, but having Fields Law Firm in my corner got me correct decision I couldn't.After filing for benefits and going through the process of seeing the social security doctors I had been sent to, I was extremely frustrated to find out the injuries I suffer from were not worthy of a decision in my favor. The team at Fields Law Firm worked diligently on my behalf to get all my medical records in order and presented to the judge at my disability hearing.Even after receiving a favorable decision my monthly payments as well as my back payments were not coming in a timely manner- actually didn't come at all. Jodi, at Fields was on it and relentless in her efforts until I finally did start to receive monthly payments and eventually, a large back payment sum from the years my case spent sitting going nowhere.Pretty simple- by myself following the steps and procedures to get benefits, I got nowhere and denied. With Fields Law Firm, I got a fully favorable decision and the benefits I need to help support my family's financial success.Thank you Fields for all the time and effort you put in to help me through this chapter of my life.read moreTeresa Huff21:42 04 Sep 19I was very pleased with Fields Law Firm from the first telephone call. Every detail was taken care of and everything was explained to me. Calls were returned in a very timely manner. It was so nice to have a law firm that was truly working for me taking care of the legal end of things so that I could take care of my health needs and other day to day needs.I would highly recommend Fields Law Firm!read moreJulian McCasland01:42 21 Sep 19Fields Law was fabulous. Zach and Samantha took good care of my Dad. Zach, Samantha, and Fields Law represented our family, worked with our family, and explained the process to us every step of the way. Fields Law communicated so well with our family. My dad had a brain injury and thus needed patient assistance. Fields Law was just the firm that our family needed. They worked with my dad, mom, and me so that we had what we needed at each step of our legal case. Best of all, Fields Law completed the case successfully for our family.read moreCheyenne Fosse20:31 27 Sep 19When coming into a situation where I needed a lawyer it was beyond scary but Merrick Williams and Amy Johnson made it their goal to make sure everything was taken care of and made me feel comfortable with everything going on. In a way they made you feel like family. I would definitely recommend them and BIG THANKS to them and fields law firm for everything you have done.read moreRobin Ford21:29 12 Oct 19I would highly recommend Fields Law Firm to handle your disability insurance issues… They resolved my problems and were very compassionate. They provided me with timely updates and they were extremely knowledgeable about the industry and how to best help me… They handled everything for me that was needed. You will be working with the best of the best if you choose Fields Law Firm to handle your needs. Merrick and Samantha were both very kind and awesome to work with.read moreJulian McCasland01:42 21 Sep 19Fields Law was fabulous. Zach and Samantha took good care of my Dad. Zach, Samantha, and Fields Law represented our family, worked with our family, and explained the process to us every step of the way. Fields Law communicated so well with our family. My dad had a brain injury and thus needed patient assistance. Fields Law was just the firm that our family needed. They worked with my dad, mom, and me so that we had what we needed at each step of our legal case. Best of all, Fields Law completed the case successfully for our family.read moreMaureen McKenzie Lueder18:21 23 Oct 19I choose Fields Law Firm initially to represent me because of the care and attention they took at every level of client interaction. They were customer focused, had an up-to-date website and practices. They seemed in every way invested in their business and their clients. These first impressions did not disappoint. I was fortunate enough to get Patrick Kramer as my attorney. He was very knowledgeable about his area of law. I never had to chase him for an answer or a deadline. At every step, he was very clear about what was happening and what would happen next. Patrick called me first with any change or news. I never chased him. Samantha, who works with him, was always available, personable and helpful as well. I have no doubt that with this team, I had the best possible counsel (and outcome) available. It was a very good decision to have Fields Law Firm represent me.read moreJohn McPheeters20:23 24 Oct 19Fields Law Firm has the knowledge and expertise to help people take on big insurance companies that are concerned more about saving money than providing the much needed disability income to their policy holders. When you are challenged with disability it is hard enough to take care of the daily personal needs in life without having to add the burden of fighting for the much needed income that is available from insurance that you carry. You can trust Fields law to act on your behalf in dealing with your benefits and producing the outcome that is just and right.Thank you Fields law for helping me.read moreGlenda Humphrey20:46 29 Oct 19I truly appreciate everything Mark and Denise did in helping me get my disability approved. I cannot thank you enough for all the hard work you did in helping me accomplish this. I would recommend Fields Law to everyone I know. Thank you again for a truly fantastic job in representing me.read moreRobert Steil01:55 09 Nov 19I’ve been extremely pleased with how my case has been handled. Mark K and his assistant Annie are first rate. Regular communications and a very organized manner gave me real comfort. And my results have been excellent.Danelle Wilbraham22:34 03 Nov 19Fields Law Firm did a great job helping me be approved for SSDI. They made sure everything was done correctly and on time. Becoming disabled has been a terrible experience but I would recommend Fields without hesitation to anyone in my situation. The only reason for four stars instead of five is that they hounded me into completing this review.read moreLea kirk18:13 05 Dec 19Fields law firm is very organized and on the ball with all my legal needs. They got things done in a timely manner. Always called me back asap on any of my questions I had. Very friendly kind and professional to work with. I loved how patient Samantha was with me and always helpful with all my crazy questions and stories. They got my lawsuit settled and got me paid. Thank you for representing me.read moreJosh Sowers19:24 10 Dec 19Fields treated us with excellence and professionalism. If anyone gets the chance to work with Merrick they will be blessed. Our case went on for about two years and during the whole time we were well-informed and well taken care of. As well they were always very clear about what was happening now and what the next step would be. They are very personable, becoming much like family (the good kind) during this process. Our case was also out of state, if that helps. I AM recommending Fields to anyone in need of these types of legal services.read moreRich Dillon21:51 03 Dec 19It's been of great pleasure to have fields law firm represent me .... I'm so glad I made the decision to go with the greatest law firm in the state of Minnesota.... Patrick Kramer you made it possible and I thank you and Samantha for all that you've done...Thanks again . Greatly appreciated and Happy Holidays to you and entirely familyread moreKevin Laub22:08 05 Dec 19I was having considerable difficulty appealing the decision of my long-term disability (LTD) claim. The insurer was not fair in their assessment. Unfortunately, I was missing my monthly payment for over a year. Zach & Annie from Fields Law helped me win the appeal, repaying my missing LTD payments and restoring future ones.Thanks Fields Law!read moreSabhon Lamm17:52 20 Dec 19Zach and his team were exceptional! They were extremely professional and caring. They kept me apprised of what was going on and took the time to explain all aspects of the case. They even called to make sure I was doing well. I highly recommend this team.read moreLisa Payne00:43 03 Jan 20I had the great pleasure of having Mike Kermit as my attorney and his assistant Denise. They are a great team to work with. Mike was able to win my case after a long-standing battle with my Long Term Disability Company. I would highly recommend him to any of my family or friends for any of their legal needs. If you ever need a great team then Mike and Denise are the ones you want in your corner. Thanks again Mike and Denise you have helped change the lives of the Payne’s future. God Bless Lisa Payneread moreJean Pauley18:49 09 Jan 20Fields really went above and beyond for me having a team the not only represents you but a team doing it with a pure heart your not just treated like a paycheck. They really help you get back up from your fall and make you feel important. thank you so much for becoming my Lawyer and Family God Bless you allread more1WickedDiva61 Moseley21:04 10 Jan 20Organized and professional throughout the entire process of legal representation. Frequent updates by email and phone. Solicited buy-in and support for the negotiations. Superb teamwork from my attorney Mark and his paralegal Andy! Would highly recommend this firm for all of your legal disability needs.read moreDebra Licata00:28 13 Feb 20Michael and Annie were exceptional in providing excellent Legal representation to reinstate my LTD. They both kept me updated during the process and demonstrated how much they cared around my health. I would highly recommend Fields to anyone in need of legal services. Bless you both for all you do!!read moreA Jost16:46 18 Feb 20Thanks Field's Law Firm! You got my benefits back and I am so grateful. The first time I called I was literally in tears. They spend the time to talk to me for a couple hours at least explaining everything. I was so frustrated and stressed and they basically let me hand it over to them. I no longer had the Long Term Disability people calling me and stressing me out. That alone was such a blessing. I am so appreciative for their hard work. I know I could not have navigated it without them. Don't give up, call Fields!read moreLinda Ketchens19:08 27 Feb 20Fields law firm was very kind to me, and helpful in processing my long term disability claim. I would choose them again if I ever have the need. They explained and walked through all the paperwork with me and even called me to wish me a happy birthday. They also sent cards at Christmas and my birthday. I was very pleased with their help and service. The fee they charged was standard. And they worked hard to get me as much of a settlement as possible. I consider Fields Law Firm a top notch firm.read moreApril Lawrence14:23 04 Mar 20Blake was incredible through this process. His knowledge of the the disability system and specifically fighting insurance companies that have denied your disability claim was surpassed by every attorney I interviewed before signing on with Blake. We were able to settle outside of court, and I now have some money to catch up my bills and focus on my health instead of survival. Thanks Fields Law Firm!read moreDenise Brigham19:28 29 Feb 20Pat, I want to thank you and your team for an amazing job with my case. Pat you were extremely kind and patient with me and you took every call to provide information to me in great detail. I cant thank you enough and I will most certainly pass your firm forward for anyone who may need legal help!!Sincerely, Denise!read moreA Shannon19:58 31 Mar 20Thank You to my Fields law team. Everything you did for my wife and I is greatly appreciated. When things take a turn for the worse, it's calming to have professional team like you ( Fields law. Zach and Patty) point people in the write direction.We will always recommend Fields law to anyone that would ask if we know a truly great law team.Thank You again Zach Schmoll, Patty Alvarado, and Fields Law.read morejay franklin12:08 02 Apr 20All the people at Fields have been great to work with. In my case I started with an other lawyer who after talking with the insurance companies told me that I should settle for an amount he said would be the most I could expect in my case. So I started the process but a day or so after I couldn't stop thinking that I could get a better deal. After talking about it with my doctor he said to give Fields a call and see. So I did found out that I could change lawyer's which a lot of people don't know you can and cost you nothing. Long story short working with Fields turned out to be one of the best decisions I have ever made. In the end I settle my case for a little more than \" twice \" the amount my first lawyer said there was no way that I could get more. I would recommend Fields Law Firm to anyone for any legal advice one might need. Thank you Fields and especially my lawyer Zachary \" Zach \" Schmoll for all your work and future work. Jay Franklinread moreChristina Hoffman18:03 27 Apr 20Pleasantly surprised with the efficiency and expertise from the staff and lawyers. Everyone was extremely helpful and sincere regarding my case and health issues. I would use them for any future lawsuits if ever needed again. I highly recommend this law firm and the Lawyers Mike and Crea for everything they helped me with.read moreBrian Tipton19:37 15 Apr 20Very professional firm and was quick and responsive to the needs and concerns in my case. I'm very grateful I found this firm on Google and the wide area of expertise in law is a blessing. Thank you to everyone in Fields Law for helping me out in my hard times.read moreMonica Steck08:08 03 Apr 20Fields Law Firm made a rough time a bit easier. Everyone I dealt with was friendly and professional. I felt they truly cared about the outcome and were not just going through the motions. i would high recommend them to anyone seeking help as I was with a private disability insurance matter.read moreKathleen Berg19:52 11 May 20I highly recommend this law firm. Although I previously worked in law firms for over 20 years, this is the first time I have been impressed with their ethics, responsiveness and professionalism. When I first contacted Fields Law Firm, I had a concern as my worker's comp was not paying for my walker. I just happened to see their advertisement in the Sunday paper so decided to give them a call. Patty, Zachary Schmoll's paralegal, answered the phone. She made me feel like my problem was something that could be solved and there would be no charge. She very professionally proceeded to ask me about my situation and took down all the information. Within two days, I received a check from Worker's Comp for my walker. I did end up needing them for my case over a two year time frame and my case was settled recently. I am extremely happy with the outcome and if you have a situation where you need assistance, either Worker's Comp or personal injury, this is the firm for you. Fields Law Firm will evaluate your situation and let you know if they can be of assistance. Kathleen Bergread moreMichael Avalone23:43 30 Apr 20Fields Law Firm was a beacon during a dark time. I originally contacted Fields for a long term disability case but after witnessing their professionalism I had them represent me in other matters as well.My attorney, Zach, was extremely knowledgeable in contract law. I find him to be someone I can count on as well as ethical and transparent in communication. After some time working together I feel I can speak with more insight to his character. He has the ambition, drive and character that makes a great attorney.I strongly recommend Zack and Fields Law Firm.read moreMichon Kramer01:46 13 May 20Attorney Joseph McCartin was extremely skillful and responsive in handling my case. I was happy to have hired him due to my lack of understanding and handling of legal processes. Joseph was quite articulate in explaining each step with exceptional job proficiency throughout my case. I greatly appreciated his openness in listening to my needs and concerns, which he took charge of effectively and tactfully. He handled my case with ease, outstanding job knowledge and confidence, while always remaining on point. To those seeking services, I would highly recommend Mr. Joseph McCartin Attorney at Law.read moreKC22:00 15 May 20Patrick and Sarah are an amazing team! They fought hard for a positive outcome for my case, while maintaining professionalism and compassion. It was such a relief to have them on my side!Karen Smith21:13 22 May 20Mark and Samantha were so helpful. They only had about 4 1/2 months to work on my case but they had it all cleared up and I am drawing my disability check now. They called and emailed me all along the way. Thanks Mark and Samantha, you guys rock♡♡read moreSondra Nelson15:32 26 May 20I am so greatful and thankful that fields law firm came into my life, they are so professional and they never kept me in the dark at all! They explained everything with my case and i appreciate them so much. I not only give them 5 stars but 5x5. I highly recommend fields law firm you will not be disappointed.read moreJean Y Pierre02:57 28 May 20It's great to have you as my Representative and my Lawyer to help me with UNUM INSURANCE COMPANY for them to pay me some of my claims monies. Thanks for your time and your help. I will always remember your guys. Good job 👏👏👏👍😁.read moreGene Bowley17:15 28 May 20Michael was on top of the claim and was able to get the insurance company to love up to their obligation. Fields personnel were professional and always looked out for my interest. The insurance company denied my disability claim after my leg amputation. Michael had the claim settled in less time than it took the insurance company deny my claim. I recommend Fields Law Firm to anyone who has been denied on a disability claim.read moreZak Loutfi22:52 10 Jun 20I've never dealt with a more professional and knowledgeable attorney and paralegal. Thank you so much Merrick and samantha for an amazing job. They got my disability overturned and I got paid what was owed to me to the penny. I'm still in shock at how hard they worked. Thank you again, you guys are a godsend!!!!read morePaul Gestach18:15 16 Jun 20I hired fields law firm to handle a workmen comp case for me and Joseph McCartin was assigned to my case.Joe was very good about keeping me up to date on the progress and he took the time to explain the process and what my options would be and his thoughts on what I should do and the reason.Joe impressed me as a person that knows his job and gets it done, while Keeping an eye on my best interest.I would highly recommend Joe and or fields law office if you in need of a lawyer.read moreCynthia Lindsey15:32 17 Jun 20Fields law firm was a great help to me when I busted my knee on a fall at work. My employer tried to give me the run around and deny my work comp claim and my surgery that I needed as a result of the fall. Mr. Kramer from the law firm and his legal team were great and they helped me to win my case against my employer. They kept me abreast to all that was going on. I was able to get my surgery, attend physical therapy and have my medical bills paid in full thanks to their diligent work. They stood by my side when I had my surgery and checked in on me. I have recommended them to a few friends, because if needed I would surely use them again.read moreDenise Zlensky18:06 17 Jun 20I would recommend Fields Law firm based on the exceptional service they provide to their clients. This company's success is derived from the staff. From the first contact to the last,they have helped me with such professionalism. Each contact was followed up in such a timely manner. Each person was pleasant and very knowledgeable. I can't say enough about this Law Firm. Reach out, they will go above and beyond to assist you with legal representation.read moreSharon Dickerson19:47 19 Jun 20My attorney Mike and his assistant Samantha went above and beyond to ease my fears and to get me the best possible settlement. Always returned calls and handled issues that occurred promptly and professional. What an awesome team. Thanks for everything you both done for me Mike and Samantha❤.Sharon Moore Dickersonread moreBrad C18:20 26 Jun 20Fantastic experience. My legal team was the best I have ever dealt with. Very responsive, professional and they are an exceptional law firm.If you have a Long Term Disability claim anywhere in the US I would highly recommend this firm.Lori Gibb23:13 29 Jun 20Fields Law is exceptional in what they do. Zach and his team were successful as my case was overturned and I am now back on my well deserved benefits. Zach, you and Lindsey have been respectful, responsive, and compassionate in regards to my case. These last few years have been difficult for me to go through mentally, emotionally, and physically. When the disability company decided to cancel my claim after 2 years, they caused me more stress and anxiety and ruined my credit to say the least, only to reinstate me 6 months later because of your hard work and consistent efforts. I am at peace knowing you will continue to be by my side in case I need you again. I appreciate all you do. I would recommend you and your staff without hesitation. Thank you again.read moreJohnny Patricia HENDERSON05:27 05 Jul 20Mr. Zach and Mrs.Annie were very courteous to me and helped me. When the insurance company at my job had seemed to turn their back on me. They helped me to bring back hope to my situation. I was starting to feel like I was going downhill. I had done nothing wrong when I had gotten hurt at my job. They had helped me to get back on my feet financially so that I can now afford my second cervical surgery. I stay in Texas and angels had helped me from Minnesota!! They had help me and I hope that they can help you too!read moreKara Moreu03:56 14 Jul 20I wanted to post a review as I used these reviews to make my ultimate decisions to use Fields for my long term disability claim. I first contacted them and asked them to review my case and help me understand if I had a case. While they didn’t say yes for sure you have a case I felt confident based on their feedback that will their help we would win my case. This is not how I feel almost a year later waiting to submit my second long term disability appeal which will be my final as we will be homeless before we would get to a lawsuit. I honestly felt very quickly after I signed with them they wanted my case to go on as long as possible to get a better pay out especially because they always told me we would win a lawsuit. I was constantly having to follow-up with them and ask them the status of my case. While they did always respond to my emails I had to be the ones to initiate the contact. Unless they needed something from me I would go weeks without any contact or follow-up. Not knowing if you will ever get a paycheck again is very scary and feeling that your lawyer doesn’t share this concern is not comforting. I feel there is no compassion for my individual situation and the impact to my family and our finances. I am also not confident in what is submitted on my behalf which is very sad. This is because my denial letter indicated information requested from Fields had no response and my case only seemed to focus on a few not all of my conditions. If you do decide to use Fields I would specifically request only the lawyers that get the reviews you read.read moreangela clutz17:10 14 Jul 20The Fields Law Firm was a pleasure to work with. Miss Kate always responded to inquiries in a very professional and timely manner. She kept me informed of any updates to my case. I felt she did an excellent job and I wouldn't hesitate to use her and her firm again in the future.read moreKaren Philpot19:22 16 Jul 20I am so very happy with the care and considerate professionalism I received from Fields Law Firm. Patrick Kramer and his team of professionals were fantastic to work with. They won both of my cases and were able to attain more compensation than I was expecting. Do not hesitate to contact them and DO NOT try to win these types of cases on your own, you won't be successful. Thank you Fields Law Firm so very much.read morePeter Quartuccio15:36 17 Jul 20Patrick Kramer successfully provided me w representation in a LTD case that spanned the course of 3+ years. Patrick took ownership of my interests, provided insightful and professional guidance while \"ALWAYS\" keeping me informed w 1:1 personal Communication. I cannot rate that aspect \"Highly\" enough... I have had other legal representation in the past that cannot answer an Email in a timely manner never mind answer a phone call. I consider myself very fortunate to have selected Patrick and his team to represent me - He took 100% responsibility and achieved 100% Customer Satisfaction. \"Thank you very much for all your efforts on my behalf\"... Best regards, Peter Qread moreDenise Fletcher21:04 29 Jul 20I had an excellent experience with this law firm representing me. They handled my case with extreme professionalism. I would highly recommend them. Mr. Sanford was very easy to talk to and explained things throughly. I was satisfied with how my case turned out. Thank-you.read moredwayne jones15:21 30 Jul 20I'm glad I found Fields Law Office! They immediately went to work for me and talked me through everything, step by step and what would happen next. Evan did a great job explaining each step, continually talking me through process. In the end they helped secure a more favorable settlement! Very satisfied!read moreLinda KienitzMandery14:42 07 Aug 20Throughout the process Fields Law Firm provided me with the most respectful and timely service. When I called they were alway professional and kind. I was always treated with respect. I really want to Thank each and everyone that helped me obtain a positive outcome. I really believe I would not have had the outcome I had if not for the people at Fields Law Firm. I’m so grateful I chose them. Thank you!!!read morelilly phillips21:29 11 Aug 20I would highly recommend this Law Firm They are committed to their clients. I did not have to worry about my case because they took care of everything for me. This Firm is the absolute best.Warren Reisinger14:57 13 Aug 20I am thankful to Fields Law Firm from the first day I met with them they really seemed to care about the situation I was in. With Workers Comp. denying my case my doctors telling me that this is a time I should seek a Lawyer. They have helped me through this whole process. Gave me a sense of relief from all that was going on. They continue to help me with the LTD, Social security and Medicare with the people they have on their team specifically for this. I would recommend Fields Law Firm to anyone in need of legal help. Thank you to Michael Kemmit and all the people he had helping me. Thanks to all at Fields Law Firm.read moreDonna Scholtus06:41 19 Aug 20This law firm and my attorney, Joseph McCartin, were a wonderful and professional experience for me. This law firm is completely trustworthy and you can count on them to do the very best job for you. I wouldn’t go anyplace else. They proved themselves to be professional——-reliable ——-honest ———and beyond reasonable. They helped me win my case and it was with ease and honesty and professionalism that they achieved this for me. They did exactly what they said they would do and I trusted them. It was a beautiful experience for me.read moreStewart Hanson01:38 19 Aug 20My wife’s workers comp injury issue which they agreed to take on as a case has been passed around from lawyer to lawyer / assistant to assistant. Not taken seriously and no results even though she can’t lift a grocery bag above her waist, can’t throw tennis ball for the dog and can’t hold her grandchildren in her dominant arm. Seems to me to be a solid case. I guess we should have gone with one of the major firms instead.read moreLester502 Ramirez18:39 25 Aug 20very satisfied with the work they do, professional, reliable and with good treatment to each client, I recommend them..cmdjusdude03:36 27 Aug 20I have never been injured before and they walked me through every step very knowledgeable and persistant they get the job done thanks Zach and Patty .David Jaimes13:33 01 Sep 20Zack and patty are some of the very few people that I know that will tell you the truth like it or not so if you want honesty and professionalism you're on the right pathFrog Slough22:11 01 Sep 20I couldn't be happier! They got me SSA so fast, I literally was shocked! The best part? It was FREE!Aaron Anderson19:11 04 Sep 2018 months to settle with my work insurance company, what a pain! But Zach at fields made life easy and was so helpful throughout the process. Not sure I could have gotten anything done alone and probably would have been screwed over after my work injury. Very happy I chose to go to fields law firm and get it done right. Go to Zach if you need help with a work injury!!! 5/5read moreJOSH15:33 09 Sep 20Pat and his team did an awesome job, they didn't allow work comp to walk over me after i injured my back at work. They were eager to work with me and very responsive and easy to reach when i had any questions or concerns.Piper Bella01:10 16 Sep 20Friendly, professional, with attention to detail. Great pleasure working with them. Always felt I was in the best of hands.David Peterson20:07 14 Sep 20Fields Law helped navigate through a difficult time. Crea Lewis was great-communicating regularly to keep us up to date. I would recommend Fields to anyone who needs help.Nixie D17:18 19 Sep 20Zachary Erickson I would highly recommend as your attorney...Zach helped me appeal my LTD benefits. If it weren’t for your analytical skills and knowledge, I wouldn’t have been able to overturn and win this as this complicated case. I'm so greatful for Zach and Annie for all their passion, dedication, and professionalism as they updated me frequently and answered all my questions and had a very quick response time. Not only did their passion benefit me it benefited my family. Ibread moreIf you don't Respect me I'll not respect to you05:34 10 Sep 20Fields Law are bad service and bad company also bad bad employee and bad company they're not good enough at all they just make money just allSameera Mohammed10:35 23 Sep 20I would highly recommend Fields Law Firm to anyone in need of legal representation. I was very pleased with the prompt and extremely efficient service I received from my attorney Chase Hedrick and his paralegal Annie Schulstad.I was kept informed every step of the way and my case was completed in record time.read moresharyn friedman16:04 25 Sep 20My experience with Fields Law Firm was excellent. My lawyer Evan Sandford explained everything in detail to me every step of the way.He answered my questions and addressed my concerns with patience and kindness. He always returned my calls promptly. Annie, his paralegal was wonderful as well. I felt very comfortable working with them and knew I was in good and competent hands. I know they worked very hard on my behalf. I would highly recommend them!!read moreSummer Coen22:16 28 Sep 20I am so very happy I contacted Fields Law Firm to represent me in my LTD case. They were super nice, very responsive to my questions! My overall experience was excellent! I would recommend Zach and Sarah, they are the best!!Angela Nienaber18:38 28 Sep 20Merrick Williams and Annie were a pleasure to work with. Merrick was very upfront with our options and they kept me up to date where we were in the process. Felt like I was working with a friend. Highly recommend!Kathy Deitch22:42 29 Sep 20My attorney micheal k. Always kept me updated on my case. My question were ansewered in a timely manner. I would use him again if needed.Kim Jones20:29 16 Sep 20Fields Law Firm became an option for me when I learned VOYA was cancelling my LTD benefit due to their own fabricated idea about my physical status. I had the pleasure of speaking with Joe McCarten for my initial consultation. From day one he was attentive in important ways. He listened to me and the details that I felt were important, he was very honest and asked important probing questions to make sure he was able to help me and then he became responsive in beginning the process of litigating with VOYA. From start to finish was approx 9 months. That is record time!Joe is very knowledgeable and was very upfront about things that were potentially problematic with my case. I went in with reasonable expectations, and Joe’s predictions regarding what we could reasonably expect to happen were pretty much right on! The reason to call Fields Law Firm, and more directly, Joe McCarten, is because he understands the legalities of disability, he knows all the ways insurance companies try to rob people of the very benefit they have paid premiums for and qualify for. He has the knowledge required to creatively assert an argument when the “other party” wants to convince YOU that you deserve NOTHING! Don’t listen to them! Call Joe at Fields Law Firm! Let them fight for you! You’ll be glad you did! He won for me!!read morekim jones21:54 04 Sep 20I injured my arm on duty as an FA. Although my company approved my OJI the worker’s comp wasn’t as understanding and I felt pressured to return to a career that I loved prematurely. I felt that my case was handled unfairly and decided to sue. I was referred to Field’s Law Firm by a friend who highly recommended Joe and his team . I’m so glad that I met with Joe and had him handle my case! From the moment I walked into Field’s I felt very comfortable and encouraged. Even though my case seemed to be a long shot Joe and his team handled it with respect, professionalism, and consistent support throughout the process. I never felt left out of the process even the smallest detail either Joe or Sarai kept me in the loop at all times. I never imagined that would get anything but this team worked diligently and was able to secure a settlement for me. I want to personally thank and recommend Joe and his team to anyone seeking legal council. They are fantastic. I hope to never go through an injury again but if I do Joe and Field’s Law Firm will be my 1st choice!!read moreDana Shepherd20:27 30 Sep 20Great place Blake is the most compassionate and reassuring attorney. Made the whole process and my life in general 1000 percent better. Thanks to the whole fields team. I mean they even send cards out on my birthday and Christmas and make you feel very welcomeread moreRon Mistelske21:44 25 Nov 20Blake and the team at Fields Law are tenacious professionals that are upfront and honest. They are not afraid of a challenge and will give 100 percent going up against multiple National companies at a time. Whatever your needs might be, big or small, I wouldn't hesitate to call.read moreAsh Jensen07:29 03 Dec 20Working with Fields Law Firm has been amazing. I worked with Blake Bauer. Blake is very quick to respond and reach out to me, thoroughly, through the entire process. Blake goes above and beyond, communicating exactly what is going to happen. He is honest. I very highly recommend Fields law Firm, Blake Bauerread moreKatie Apone23:04 22 Dec 20After the insurance company my employer uses denied my long-term disability benefits, I didn't know what to do. Originally, I thought I might put together an appeal myself, but I'm so glad I didn't. I looked around at law firms that specialize in LTD appeals. While it was so hard to choose, I'm SO glad I went with Fields. I worked with Zach (Lawyer) and Samantha (Paralegal), and they were both so great. I won my appeal with the insurance company and I couldn't be happier. Working with them was really easy along the way and they made sure that I had the support I needed from them. They were very detailed along the way and made sure to include everything necessary for the appeal. In the middle of a really difficult personal situation, I felt like they had my back.read moreWilliam Dillow21:54 30 Dec 20The most responsive office I have ever dealt with, I’m 64 years old and have dealt with many law firms and Fields Law Firm outclasses every one. Very dedicated and professional I think if you need help. I would absolutely recommend Fields law firm. I don’t think I. can. name names so I’ll just say he was. great.read moreMarissa23:12 06 Jan 21I looked online nationwide and was fortunate to find Fields Law firm. I consulted with two other law firms, however, after speaking to a representative at Fields I decided to choose them afterward.I spoke to a paralegal named Lindsey, and I was glad how friendly she was over the phone. She is very professional and was very patient with me.I then spoke to my now Atty. Mark and I am very thankful for how easy he was to talk to as well. He explained the claim process very thoroughly while making me feel comfortable. I felt like I was speaking to a friend and not an attorney. Mark is awesome at keeping me updated on the status of my claim. He gives me good advice and encourages me to make certain I am getting proper treatment for my disability. He asks for very minimal information from me as they do most of the leg work which I very much appreciate.Lindsey and Mark are always available whenever I have questions and both are very quick to respond. I am very pleased with the service they have provided thus far, so I already recommended them to a friend.read moreKristal Kuykendall18:44 07 Jan 21Best experience I have ever had with a law firm handling civil issues. Attorney Katelyn Carter and her staff were *fantastic* and extremely responsive, patient and thorough. If you have a case involving an insurance company I HIGHLY recommend Ms. Carter and Fields Law. Their hard work and skill has drastically improved my life.read moreSee All ReviewsGet Help Now! 1-888-343-5375NATIONWIDE REPRESENTATIONFIELDS LAW FIRM9999 Wayzata Blvd #100Minnetonka, MN 55305(612) 370-1511READ OUR BLOG GET HELP NOWContact Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTubeAll elements of this website are copyrighted materials for Fields Law Firm © 1999 - 2021SitemapPrivacy PolicyDisclaimer"
