"EHS Jobs | Safe T ProsHOMEABOUTTEAMSERVICESSAFETY EDUCATIONSAFETY SOLUTIONSSAFETY CAREERSSAFETY SERVICESPROJECTSGOVERNMENT CAPABILITIESCAREERSNEWSCONTACT USMenuHOMEABOUTTEAMSERVICESSAFETY EDUCATIONSAFETY SOLUTIONSSAFETY CAREERSSAFETY SERVICESPROJECTSGOVERNMENT CAPABILITIESCAREERSNEWSCONTACT USLooking For An EHS Job?Talk To Us - We're Here To HelpFirst name*Last Name*Email Address*Phone numbersubjectMessageSUBMITEHS JobsThere’s no denying that health and safety professionals do an excellent job of ensuring a positive health and safety culture at the workplace. They combine knowledge of health and safety, as well as systems engineering to ensure that machinery, chemicals, furniture, software, and consumer products do not cause harm to buildings or people around.If you’re on the hunt for health and safety jobs, it’s apparent that you have many unanswered questions. Luckily, a reputable industrial staffing agency, like Safe T Professionals, can help get answers to all those questions. Even better, help you find an employment opportunity that perfectly fits your taste and needs.Here at Safe T Professionals, we partner with different companies that have job vacancies across a broad spectrum of professions, including EHS director jobs. Before you take a look at our listing, find out what it actually takes to succeed as a health and safety professional.We’ll explore everything you need to know about EHS jobs. These include duties and responsibilities, education and training requirements, job outlook, earnings, employment opportunities, and anything else there’s to know about this field.Employment, We Help You Get The Job.We recruit safety employees of all levels from entry level to certified safety professionals. We have new safety jobs to fill everyday. So, don't hesitate to apply today.Apply NowWhat Do I need to know about EHS Field?Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) is a broad and vague field. It may include environmental jobs, safety jobs, specialists, and more. Some job descriptions suggest that the area focuses more on regulation and management of the natural environment. In other instances, the description portrays the area as one that is concerned with the assurance of the quality of public spaces for human use.However, the Institute for Safety and Health Management has a different definition of EHS. According to the Institute, the field is all about the development of organized and systematic approaches that help companies comply with environmental regulations, manage waste, as well as reduce the carbon footprint.That said, an EHS manager plans and executes all health and safety programs within the company they are working for. Their duties and tasks revolve around ensuring that the organization complies with all environmental regulations. Depending on the position they hold, they may be tasked with handling procedural details of potentially hazardous responsibilities and continuous training of employees to ensure they are aware of safety protocols.What are the primary Responsibilities of a health & Safety Professional?Health and safety is a vital part of our modern lives. Small companies and large organizations alike have the obligation of ensuring the health and safety of their workers. That’s perhaps why they are continuously employing EHS professionals and technology systems to help reduce detrimental human actions on the environment and ensure a safe place for everyone.The duties and responsibilities of a health and safety professional typically include:Ensuring quality health and safety managementOffering quality products safely and effectively as well as reducing errors and accidents to maximize profitsAdministering safety policies and developing uniform safety practices according to long-term safety goals of the organization they work forHanding safety assessment and deploying corrective measures to reduce the hazard risk profileProviding health and safety measures at a workplace environmentHandling industrial hygiene, machine guarding, equipment protection and other health and safety programsExecuting environmental management processes such as pollution prevention as well as chemical and waste managementManaging reports and presenting summaries to management with proposed solutionsSupporting HSE inspections, self-assessments, and auditsDeploying the Safety and Environmental Management Systems programInterpreting legal requirements and standards by monitoring R&D projectsDriving behaviors that prevent illnesses in the workplace by engaging management commitmentDeveloping a culture that anticipates and prevents hazardous health conditionsExecuting safety programs for locations and minimizing company safety lossesMaintaining and applying knowledge of current regulations, policies, and industrial processesSubscribe Now for Safe T ProsNewsletter & Learn About UpcomingClasses & Certifications!Subscribe NowEducation, Training, & Experience RequirementsWhile EHS specialists and assistants require only a high school diploma (at minimum) to qualify for employment, positions like an EHS manager need to have at least a bachelor’s degree. Usually, bachelor’s degree programs include laboratory, classroom, and field studies in applied engineering. While engineering and environmental health are the most preferred disciplines, some employers will allow candidates with training in industrial, mechanical, chemical, electrical, or systems engineering. Having a master’s degree in any of these disciplines will give you an added edge during an interview.Candidates interested in EHS jobs, especially EHS engineers, should also be licensed. That means you must have a degree from an accredited engineering program. On top of that, you must have a minimum of four years’ experience and pass the state examination. In most cases, individuals who aspire to secure EHS specialist jobs must take the first part of the examination right after graduating.Although some employers will hire those in training (intern), most organizations will consider individuals with 5+ years of relevant work experience. Therefore, the more experience you have the better your prospects are.Important SkillsTo work as an EHS professional successfully, you must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Some positions, such as EHS director jobs, can sometimes get very demanding. Most employers will expect you to have thorough knowledge of all health and safety protocols as outlined by the local or federal government. Accuracy and efficiency are some of the prime qualities that successful employees need to possess.Those aspiring to get EHS specialist jobs must also have strong observational skills and be inclined to details. High stress and potentially dangerous work environment require individuals with the ability to work under pressure. This will come in handy when conducting investigations into workplace incidents or accidents.Besides spending the days in an office environment, you’ll sometimes be required make occasional site visits. To do this right, you must have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, as you’ll be interacting with other teams on the ground. In addition, you must have the ability to use technology as well as problem-solving skills in order to design and implement procedures that help protect employees from hazardous conditions.Where do health and safety professional work?Most health and safety professionals work in manufacturing. Nonetheless, their work environment will sometimes vary depending on their background. That means they can also be hired to work in developing technology, chemicals, or health and safety equipment. In some instances, organizations will employ EHS specialists or officers to work in actual environments to ensure the safety of employees and equipment in the workplace.Other places that require these professionals include construction sites as well as state and government or research and development institutes. Regardless of where you get to work, your responsibilities will mainly include design and implementation systems to ensure your safe work environment for everyone.What is the job outlook for health and safety Professionals?Despite the rapid increase in demand for EHS professionals in the last decade, there’s a massive uptick to come in the field of health and safety. In fact, health and safety jobs are projected to increase by up to 6% between 2018 and 2028, according to BLS.If you are looking for an EHS manager position you will most likely have an even higher possibility of getting a job. Individuals with advanced degrees are projected to find better opportunities, and most will not struggle in their search for work.Engineering and manufacturing companies are some of the top industries that will have the most job openings. Nevertheless, that doesn’t mean that opportunities will not exist in other sectors like health care.How much do health and safety professionals make?EHS is among the highest-paid industries across the country. While an EHS director, engineer, or coordinator can make around $89,130 annually, the EHS manager salary can be around $82,303. On the other hand, an EHS specialist and officer can make $62,961 and $61,933, respectively.However, the earnings of EHS professionals often vary based on experience, qualification, place of work as well as location, and industry. Organizations in engineering, manufacturing, management, and scientific services, for instance, pay the highest salaries – sometimes above $100,000.Getting the jobIf you recently graduated, the placement office or department noticeboards at college may be an excellent place to begin your job search. Besides, you can directly apply to companies that have advertised health and safety positions.If none of the above two options sounds good to you, a local industrial staffing agency like Safe T Professionals may come in handy. Here, we have plenty of job listings to help you find a job that matches your qualifications and needs.Other good sources for employment leads include the Internet job banks, newspapers, classifieds in trade and professional journals, and your state employment agency.Looking for EHS Jobs near me?If you meet the minimum requirements and are confident in carrying out health and safety responsibilities, it’s time to apply for a position. Here at Safe T Professionals, we partner with various organizations looking for experienced and responsible health and safety professionals like you. Browse our website to see our current listings. Don’t hesitate to give us a call if you need any help. Our customer care representatives will be more than happy to help.Here at Safe T Professionals, we take away the worry in your ESH staffing needs.USEFUL LINKSAboutServicesTeamRecent ProjectsLatest NewsRECENT POSTSTips For Staying Warm On The JobConstruction Ladder SafetyFall Protection TrainingCONTACT INFOLocation 241 S. Washington St. Chandler, AZ 852251-800-502-9481info@safetpros.comGET SOCIALFacebook-fLinkedin-inInstagramCopyright – 2020 Safe T Professionals, LLC | All Rights Reserved"
