"DHS Enterprise Sales Account Manager | McLean, VA | MarketoYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.MarketoDHS Enterprise Sales Account ManagerMcLean, VAMarketoDHS Enterprise Sales Account ManagerMcLean, VADate posted:Nov 11, 2020Our CompanyChanging the world through digital experiences is what Adobe's all about. We give everyone-from emerging artists to global brands-everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We're passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!DHS Enterprise Sales Account ManagerOur CompanyAt Adobe, we create digital experiences that change the world. How? We help people bring ideas to life by crafting content that makes life more fun and work more impactful. We give businesses and organizations the power to truly engage their customers. We're the ones behind the gorgeously crafted content that streams across your laptop, TV, phone, and tablet every day-and we're the ones who harness the massive power of big data to help companies find and reach the people who crave that content. We do it with energy, passion, and curiosity, and we're backed by our rich heritage and culture of innovation. We are a place that understands that product innovation comes from people innovation. That's why, we're passionate about cultivating great leaders throughout the organization. We're looking for outstanding talent to join us!Job SummaryThe Adobe Nation Security Group (NSG) is looking for an experienced federal sales professional to join as an Account Executive covering portions of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). In this role you will help organizations within DHS meet critical mission and enterprise transformational needs through Adobe solutions and services. You will be responsible for developing strategic relationships and expanding the business we do within this territory. With knowledge of your customers business needs and issues, you will build a strategic plan focused on articulating the value of Adobe digital experience solutions. The plan will also guide and teach your virtual team members on tactical operations.Job Responsibilities:Create, maintain, and execute a business plan for the assigned vertical with goals and objectives, based on opportunity, customer needs, and Adobe's strategic direction.Define the sales strategy through a Strategic Account Plan to increase customer footprint for Adobe's offerings in each account. Build a process of strategic account mapping and SES Level relationships using presales, consulting and the partner management teams.Ability to influence & direct multi-functional teams without formal authority. Inherently collaborative, while also demonstrating leadership to successful conduct strategic planBuild SES Level relationships with Directors, CIO's, Mission and Critical Communication leaders via value based selling involving return on investment analysis and being able to build an abstraction between the technology itself and the core business benefits which are easily understandable by public sector executivesSound Business acumen around Forecasting and Pipeline Management. Maintain regular pipeline forecasts and provide business health checks to senior sales managementManage complex contract negotiations with ability to engage all necessary support (Contracts, Technical teams, Legal, Operations)Ensure that proper security & legal compliance measures are always applied and followed.Required Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree and preferably an MBA from respected collegesMinimum 5 years enterprise software sales experience within federal governmentCompetency in sales methodology such as Value Selling, Challenger Selling or Spin SellingExperience with cloud technology with preference in SaaSOutstanding Communication Skills - Written and OralTS Security Clearance (or equivalent) preferredAdobe is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
