"Amazon Warehouse Worker (Night Shifts Available) @ Amazon Workforce StaffingAmazon Warehouse Worker (Night Shifts Available)Amazon Workforce Staffing Trenton, NJApply on Company SiteAbout the JobWarehouse Sort TeamLocation: Robbinsville, NJJob opportunities vary by location. We update postings daily with open positions.Hourly pay rate: $16.75$.50 Shift Differential for 11:30pm - 3:30 am Shift$1.00 Shift Differential for working Sat & Sun and 11:30 pm - 3:30 am shift combinedImmediate openings available now.Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page.Join Amazon and become part of the dedicated team that gets orders ready for customers.Stay active during your workday in this fast-paced warehouse environment. Learn new skills and build your experience by doing a range of different types of work.Here are some of the things you’ll get to do:Sort, scan, stack packages on palletsGet customer orders ready for deliveryUse technology like scanners, computers, and handheld printersPart-Time and Full- Time hours are available. This role puts you in control of your schedule. Choose the shifts that work best for you now. You will be able to adjust your schedule in the future, as needed. Shifts are 3-5 hours. Work up to 40 hours each week.Your schedule will be based on availability and the preferences you selected in your application.Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to read and speak English for safety purposes.Reasons you’ll love working here:Health and safety are a top priority with all of our roles and sites. We continue to consult with medical and health experts, and take all recommended precautions in our buildings and stores to keep people healthy.Career development: Many of our entry-level employees become leaders in operations, HR, and other areas. See where your Amazon journey can take you.Earn more: You can expect a competitive wage and reliable pay check when you work for Amazon.Benefits: Our range of benefits can include health care starting on day one, employee discounts, 401(k) savings plans, paid time off and more! Find out which benefits you'll get after you choose your role with us.Flexible hours: Choose from available shifts to create a schedule that works for you.Basic qualifications:High school, GED, or equivalent diplomaAmazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.Apply on Company Site© 2021 Appcast, Inc | 1 (800) 570-5430"
