"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.6 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent Searchsanitation manager foods philadelphia paPantry Coordinator (full-time)Restaurant Associates Chicago, IllinoisPosted Date: Dec 14, 2020TEXT TO APPLY: You can now complete your entire job application for this job via SMS text messaging!Simply text JOB to 75000 & search for the requisition ID number 440823.Click here to learn more.We have an opening for a full-time PANTRY COORDINATOR position.Location: Citadel Chicago Catering- 131 S Dearborn, Chicago, IL 60603. Note: online applications accepted only.Schedule: Monday through Friday. Requirement: Previous hospitality experience. *Internal Employee Referral Bonus AvailableWE MAKE IT EASY! You can now prerecord video introductions. Be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. Click here to get a sneak peek preview.If you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team.Restaurant Associates is recognized as the nation's premier hospitality company, operating over 170 prestigious locations. Restaurant Associates, based in New York City, provides premium food services to museums, performing arts centers, aquariums, corporate dining, educational facilities and off-premise catering events in New York City, Boston, Hartford, Atlanta, Chicago, Washington D.C., and Philadelphia. Restaurant Associates is a subsidiary of Compass Group North America, the world's leading foodservice organization.At RA, food is inspiration. Our unmatched culture of hospitality excellence enables us to provide memorable experiences for premier clients. We empower many to be their best though delicious food that happens to be \"better-for-you\" and the planet.Core Values:Dedication to QualitySpirit of OwnershipCommitment to Talent & DiversityResponsible CitizenshipPassion for Hospitality Full time associates at Restaurant Associates are offered many fantastic benefits such as:MedicalDentalVisionFlexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)Commuter BenefitsWellness ProgramEmployee Assistance ProgramLife Insurance for Associates and Eligible DependentsShort Term Disability (STD) and Long Term Disability (LTD)Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD) InsuranceDiscount MarketplaceAnd other voluntary benefitsJob SummarySummary: Responsible for food/beverage distribution from the pantry, pantry product inventory and offerings, and other related duties. Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Ensures all food or beverage is distributed from pantry in a timely fashion.Maintains and performs product inventory.Understands menu offerings.Creates, modifies, or closes individual sale checks via electronic tablet.Adheres to all safety and sanitation policies.Performs other duties as assigned.Qualifications:Ability to lift up to 25 lbs.Ability to walk and stand for long periods of time.About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industryCompass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation.Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity.*Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).Req ID: 440823HOURLYJan 21, 2021Full timePosted Date: Dec 14, 2020TEXT TO APPLY: You can now complete your entire job application for this job via SMS text messaging!Simply text JOB to 75000 & search for the requisition ID number 440823.Click here to learn more.We have an opening for a full-time PANTRY COORDINATOR position.Location: Citadel Chicago Catering- 131 S Dearborn, Chicago, IL 60603. Note: online applications accepted only.Schedule: Monday through Friday. Requirement: Previous hospitality experience. *Internal Employee Referral Bonus AvailableWE MAKE IT EASY! You can now prerecord video introductions. Be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. Click here to get a sneak peek preview.If you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team.Restaurant Associates is recognized as the nation's premier hospitality company, operating over 170 prestigious locations. Restaurant Associates, based in New York City, provides premium food services to museums, performing arts centers, aquariums, corporate dining, educational facilities and off-premise catering events in New York City, Boston, Hartford, Atlanta, Chicago, Washington D.C., and Philadelphia. Restaurant Associates is a subsidiary of Compass Group North America, the world's leading foodservice organization.At RA, food is inspiration. Our unmatched culture of hospitality excellence enables us to provide memorable experiences for premier clients. We empower many to be their best though delicious food that happens to be \"better-for-you\" and the planet.Core Values:Dedication to QualitySpirit of OwnershipCommitment to Talent & DiversityResponsible CitizenshipPassion for Hospitality Full time associates at Restaurant Associates are offered many fantastic benefits such as:MedicalDentalVisionFlexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)Commuter BenefitsWellness ProgramEmployee Assistance ProgramLife Insurance for Associates and Eligible DependentsShort Term Disability (STD) and Long Term Disability (LTD)Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD) InsuranceDiscount MarketplaceAnd other voluntary benefitsJob SummarySummary: Responsible for food/beverage distribution from the pantry, pantry product inventory and offerings, and other related duties. Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Ensures all food or beverage is distributed from pantry in a timely fashion.Maintains and performs product inventory.Understands menu offerings.Creates, modifies, or closes individual sale checks via electronic tablet.Adheres to all safety and sanitation policies.Performs other duties as assigned.Qualifications:Ability to lift up to 25 lbs.Ability to walk and stand for long periods of time.About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industryCompass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation.Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity.*Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).Req ID: 440823HOURLYSr. Quality Systems TechnologistTreeHouse Foods, Inc. Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Sanitation Job Posting Title: Sr. Quality Systems Technologist Job Description: Position Summary: The Sr. Quality Systems Technologist is responsible for the direct oversight of all FS&Q programs at the manufacturing site. This includes the development, maintenance and training execution of the site's specific FS&Q programs to ensure compliance with Company and Regulatory standards. They maintain direct contact with Production, Maintenance, and Warehouse personnel to identify, resolve, and prevent FS&Q events. Position Responsibilities: Daily management and oversight with respect to the facility's Food Safety Plan, Food Defense Plan, Food Quality Plan and related prerequisite programs including, but not limited to: formula control, mock trace and recall, consumer complaint management, GMPs, sanitation, pest control, allergen control, environmental pathogen control, sanitation effectiveness, calibration, document control, kosher, SPC, corrective and preventative actions, and verification and validation programs. Conduct daily record review as prescribed in facility's Food Safety and Quality programs. Manage held product and ingredient sampling, review, and work with FS&Q Manager on disposition decisions. Troubleshoots problems and implements corrective actions through root cause analysis. Leads the plant's efforts, in consultation with the FS&Q Manager, to maintain GFSI certification. Assist FS&Q Manager with Regulatory inspections, Identity Preserved Certification Audits, and Customer visits as needed. Represents the Food Safety & Quality department for continuous improvement initiatives. Supports compliance within the TreeHouse Management Operating System to help drive a culture of FS&Q and Continuous Improvement. Conducts Consumer Complaint investigations and works with FS&Q Manager on responses. Serves as the facilities primary FS&Q contact supporting RDI plant trials and/or projects that qualify new ingredients, suppliers, formulas or processes. Maintain and update the plant product specification database as needed. Act as the primary back-up to the FS&Q Manager in their absence. The duties and responsibilities described are not a comprehensive list of all tasks. Additional tasks and duties may be assigned from time to time as necessitated by business needs. Qualifications and Requirements: Relevant experience with government regulatory requirements, FDA, and CFIA in food processing. Familiarity in using continuous improvement tools and fundamentals. Must possess sound problem solving skills, be analytical, and creative to investigate problems in order to recommend and implement solutions. Efficient computer skills; strong knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel, Word, Powerpoint, SharePoint, and familiarity with programs such as SAP, Infinity-QS and Tracegains an asset. Education: ? High School or equivalent ? High School plus specialized training (min 6mos-2yrs)/College Certificate (Canada) ? Associate Degree/College Diploma (Canada - 2-3 years) ? Bachelor's Degree Required - Type: Food Science, Microbiology or related field ? Master's Degree Required -- Type: ? Certification/Licensure/Designation Required for Job: Preferred Attributes: 5+ years of experience in Food Safety and/or Quality Assurance fields or Food manufacturing preferred. Possess strong interpersonal skills, along with good verbal and written communication skills. Must have the ability to influence change, problem solve, and the willingness to spend time in the plant with the team members on all shifts. Self-motivated and ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Jan 21, 2021Employee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Sanitation Job Posting Title: Sr. Quality Systems Technologist Job Description: Position Summary: The Sr. Quality Systems Technologist is responsible for the direct oversight of all FS&Q programs at the manufacturing site. This includes the development, maintenance and training execution of the site's specific FS&Q programs to ensure compliance with Company and Regulatory standards. They maintain direct contact with Production, Maintenance, and Warehouse personnel to identify, resolve, and prevent FS&Q events. Position Responsibilities: Daily management and oversight with respect to the facility's Food Safety Plan, Food Defense Plan, Food Quality Plan and related prerequisite programs including, but not limited to: formula control, mock trace and recall, consumer complaint management, GMPs, sanitation, pest control, allergen control, environmental pathogen control, sanitation effectiveness, calibration, document control, kosher, SPC, corrective and preventative actions, and verification and validation programs. Conduct daily record review as prescribed in facility's Food Safety and Quality programs. Manage held product and ingredient sampling, review, and work with FS&Q Manager on disposition decisions. Troubleshoots problems and implements corrective actions through root cause analysis. Leads the plant's efforts, in consultation with the FS&Q Manager, to maintain GFSI certification. Assist FS&Q Manager with Regulatory inspections, Identity Preserved Certification Audits, and Customer visits as needed. Represents the Food Safety & Quality department for continuous improvement initiatives. Supports compliance within the TreeHouse Management Operating System to help drive a culture of FS&Q and Continuous Improvement. Conducts Consumer Complaint investigations and works with FS&Q Manager on responses. Serves as the facilities primary FS&Q contact supporting RDI plant trials and/or projects that qualify new ingredients, suppliers, formulas or processes. Maintain and update the plant product specification database as needed. Act as the primary back-up to the FS&Q Manager in their absence. The duties and responsibilities described are not a comprehensive list of all tasks. Additional tasks and duties may be assigned from time to time as necessitated by business needs. Qualifications and Requirements: Relevant experience with government regulatory requirements, FDA, and CFIA in food processing. Familiarity in using continuous improvement tools and fundamentals. Must possess sound problem solving skills, be analytical, and creative to investigate problems in order to recommend and implement solutions. Efficient computer skills; strong knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel, Word, Powerpoint, SharePoint, and familiarity with programs such as SAP, Infinity-QS and Tracegains an asset. Education: ? High School or equivalent ? High School plus specialized training (min 6mos-2yrs)/College Certificate (Canada) ? Associate Degree/College Diploma (Canada - 2-3 years) ? Bachelor's Degree Required - Type: Food Science, Microbiology or related field ? Master's Degree Required -- Type: ? Certification/Licensure/Designation Required for Job: Preferred Attributes: 5+ years of experience in Food Safety and/or Quality Assurance fields or Food manufacturing preferred. Possess strong interpersonal skills, along with good verbal and written communication skills. Must have the ability to influence change, problem solve, and the willingness to spend time in the plant with the team members on all shifts. Self-motivated and ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Supv, ProductionTreeHouse Foods, Inc. Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Operations Job Posting Title: Supv, Production Job Description: Position Summary: Responsible for all employees, processes, equipment, safety, and housekeeping of the area as well as meeting production quality and quantity standards on the shift. Additional responsibilities include ensuring compliance with all sanitation, safety, and GMP standards. When absent, Manager Production will assume the necessary operational and administrative duties. Essential Functions, Duties and Responsibilities: Leads team members to identify, manage, and execute the plants process improvement opportunities. Manages production staff to attain production and quality goals. Identifies problems or bottlenecks in production processes and resolves issues Ensures production resources including materials, equipment and human resources are available as needed to maintain production schedules. Supports continuous improvement goals in safety, quality, cost and customer service. Responsible for managing and owning various functions of the business and creating an engaged and team oriented work force in order to improve business results. Assure that product quality meets or exceeds guidelines set by the FDA, and USDA. Achieve maximum production and the efficient utilization of raw product and plant equipment by coordinating activities and maintaining communications within the department and with all other departments. Assure compliance of food safety and sanitation standards. Assure that production priorities are being achieved by checking and complying with weekly production schedules as well as daily requirements. Safely and accurately perform all duties as required for this position to ensure the safety and quality of our products. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Critical Skill Requirements: 1 years related experience Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Jan 21, 2021Employee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Operations Job Posting Title: Supv, Production Job Description: Position Summary: Responsible for all employees, processes, equipment, safety, and housekeeping of the area as well as meeting production quality and quantity standards on the shift. Additional responsibilities include ensuring compliance with all sanitation, safety, and GMP standards. When absent, Manager Production will assume the necessary operational and administrative duties. Essential Functions, Duties and Responsibilities: Leads team members to identify, manage, and execute the plants process improvement opportunities. Manages production staff to attain production and quality goals. Identifies problems or bottlenecks in production processes and resolves issues Ensures production resources including materials, equipment and human resources are available as needed to maintain production schedules. Supports continuous improvement goals in safety, quality, cost and customer service. Responsible for managing and owning various functions of the business and creating an engaged and team oriented work force in order to improve business results. Assure that product quality meets or exceeds guidelines set by the FDA, and USDA. Achieve maximum production and the efficient utilization of raw product and plant equipment by coordinating activities and maintaining communications within the department and with all other departments. Assure compliance of food safety and sanitation standards. Assure that production priorities are being achieved by checking and complying with weekly production schedules as well as daily requirements. Safely and accurately perform all duties as required for this position to ensure the safety and quality of our products. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Critical Skill Requirements: 1 years related experience Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Supv, ProductionTreeHouse Foods, Inc. Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Operations Job Posting Title: Supv, Production Job Description: Position Summary: Responsible for all employees, processes, equipment, safety, and housekeeping of the area as well as meeting production quality and quantity standards on the shift. Additional responsibilities include ensuring compliance with all sanitation, safety, and GMP standards. When absent, Manager Production will assume the necessary operational and administrative duties. Essential Functions, Duties and Responsibilities: Leads team members to identify, manage, and execute the plants process improvement opportunities. Manages production staff to attain production and quality goals. Identifies problems or bottlenecks in production processes and resolves issues Ensures production resources including materials, equipment and human resources are available as needed to maintain production schedules. Supports continuous improvement goals in safety, quality, cost and customer service. Responsible for managing and owning various functions of the business and creating an engaged and team oriented work force in order to improve business results. Assure that product quality meets or exceeds guidelines set by the FDA, and USDA. Achieve maximum production and the efficient utilization of raw product and plant equipment by coordinating activities and maintaining communications within the department and with all other departments. Assure compliance of food safety and sanitation standards. Assure that production priorities are being achieved by checking and complying with weekly production schedules as well as daily requirements. Safely and accurately perform all duties as required for this position to ensure the safety and quality of our products. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Critical Skill Requirements: 1 years related experience Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Jan 14, 2021Full timeEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Operations Job Posting Title: Supv, Production Job Description: Position Summary: Responsible for all employees, processes, equipment, safety, and housekeeping of the area as well as meeting production quality and quantity standards on the shift. Additional responsibilities include ensuring compliance with all sanitation, safety, and GMP standards. When absent, Manager Production will assume the necessary operational and administrative duties. Essential Functions, Duties and Responsibilities: Leads team members to identify, manage, and execute the plants process improvement opportunities. Manages production staff to attain production and quality goals. Identifies problems or bottlenecks in production processes and resolves issues Ensures production resources including materials, equipment and human resources are available as needed to maintain production schedules. Supports continuous improvement goals in safety, quality, cost and customer service. Responsible for managing and owning various functions of the business and creating an engaged and team oriented work force in order to improve business results. Assure that product quality meets or exceeds guidelines set by the FDA, and USDA. Achieve maximum production and the efficient utilization of raw product and plant equipment by coordinating activities and maintaining communications within the department and with all other departments. Assure compliance of food safety and sanitation standards. Assure that production priorities are being achieved by checking and complying with weekly production schedules as well as daily requirements. Safely and accurately perform all duties as required for this position to ensure the safety and quality of our products. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Critical Skill Requirements: 1 years related experience Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Supv, Production (Second-Shift)TreeHouse Foods, Inc. Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Operations Job Posting Title: Supv, Production (Second-Shift) Job Description: Position Summary: Responsible for all employees, processes, equipment, safety, and housekeeping of the area as well as meeting production quality and quantity standards on the shift. Additional responsibilities include ensuring compliance with all sanitation, safety, and GMP standards. When absent, Manager Production will assume the necessary operational and administrative duties. Essential Functions, Duties and Responsibilities: Leads team members to identify, manage, and execute the plants process improvement opportunities. Manages production staff to attain production and quality goals. Identifies problems or bottlenecks in production processes and resolves issues Ensures production resources including materials, equipment and human resources are available as needed to maintain production schedules. Supports continuous improvement goals in safety, quality, cost and customer service. Responsible for managing and owning various functions of the business and creating an engaged and team oriented work force in order to improve business results. Assure that product quality meets or exceeds guidelines set by the FDA, and USDA. Achieve maximum production and the efficient utilization of raw product and plant equipment by coordinating activities and maintaining communications within the department and with all other departments. Assure compliance of food safety and sanitation standards. Assure that production priorities are being achieved by checking and complying with weekly production schedules as well as daily requirements. Safely and accurately perform all duties as required for this position to ensure the safety and quality of our products. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Critical Skill Requirements: 1 years related experience Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Jan 13, 2021Full timeEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Operations Job Posting Title: Supv, Production (Second-Shift) Job Description: Position Summary: Responsible for all employees, processes, equipment, safety, and housekeeping of the area as well as meeting production quality and quantity standards on the shift. Additional responsibilities include ensuring compliance with all sanitation, safety, and GMP standards. When absent, Manager Production will assume the necessary operational and administrative duties. Essential Functions, Duties and Responsibilities: Leads team members to identify, manage, and execute the plants process improvement opportunities. Manages production staff to attain production and quality goals. Identifies problems or bottlenecks in production processes and resolves issues Ensures production resources including materials, equipment and human resources are available as needed to maintain production schedules. Supports continuous improvement goals in safety, quality, cost and customer service. Responsible for managing and owning various functions of the business and creating an engaged and team oriented work force in order to improve business results. Assure that product quality meets or exceeds guidelines set by the FDA, and USDA. Achieve maximum production and the efficient utilization of raw product and plant equipment by coordinating activities and maintaining communications within the department and with all other departments. Assure compliance of food safety and sanitation standards. Assure that production priorities are being achieved by checking and complying with weekly production schedules as well as daily requirements. Safely and accurately perform all duties as required for this position to ensure the safety and quality of our products. All other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Critical Skill Requirements: 1 years related experience Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Sr. Quality Systems TechnologistTreeHouse Foods, Inc. Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Sanitation Job Posting Title: Sr. Quality Systems Technologist Job Description: Position Summary: The Sr. Quality Systems Technologist is responsible for the direct oversight of all FS&Q programs at the manufacturing site. This includes the development, maintenance and training execution of the site's specific FS&Q programs to ensure compliance with Company and Regulatory standards. They maintain direct contact with Production, Maintenance, and Warehouse personnel to identify, resolve, and prevent FS&Q events. Position Responsibilities: Daily management and oversight with respect to the facility's Food Safety Plan, Food Defense Plan, Food Quality Plan and related prerequisite programs including, but not limited to: formula control, mock trace and recall, consumer complaint management, GMPs, sanitation, pest control, allergen control, environmental pathogen control, sanitation effectiveness, calibration, document control, kosher, SPC, corrective and preventative actions, and verification and validation programs. Conduct daily record review as prescribed in facility's Food Safety and Quality programs. Manage held product and ingredient sampling, review, and work with FS&Q Manager on disposition decisions. Troubleshoots problems and implements corrective actions through root cause analysis. Leads the plant's efforts, in consultation with the FS&Q Manager, to maintain GFSI certification. Assist FS&Q Manager with Regulatory inspections, Identity Preserved Certification Audits, and Customer visits as needed. Represents the Food Safety & Quality department for continuous improvement initiatives. Supports compliance within the TreeHouse Management Operating System to help drive a culture of FS&Q and Continuous Improvement. Conducts Consumer Complaint investigations and works with FS&Q Manager on responses. Serves as the facilities primary FS&Q contact supporting RDI plant trials and/or projects that qualify new ingredients, suppliers, formulas or processes. Maintain and update the plant product specification database as needed. Act as the primary back-up to the FS&Q Manager in their absence. The duties and responsibilities described are not a comprehensive list of all tasks. Additional tasks and duties may be assigned from time to time as necessitated by business needs. Qualifications and Requirements: Relevant experience with government regulatory requirements, FDA, and CFIA in food processing. Familiarity in using continuous improvement tools and fundamentals. Must possess sound problem solving skills, be analytical, and creative to investigate problems in order to recommend and implement solutions. Efficient computer skills; strong knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel, Word, Powerpoint, SharePoint, and familiarity with programs such as SAP, Infinity-QS and Tracegains an asset. Education:  High School or equivalent  High School plus specialized training (min 6mos-2yrs)/College Certificate (Canada)  Associate Degree/College Diploma (Canada - 2-3 years)  Bachelor's Degree Required - Type: Food Science, Microbiology or related field  Master's Degree Required -- Type:  Certification/Licensure/Designation Required for Job: Preferred Attributes: 5+ years of experience in Food Safety and/or Quality Assurance fields or Food manufacturing preferred. Possess strong interpersonal skills, along with good verbal and written communication skills. Must have the ability to influence change, problem solve, and the willingness to spend time in the plant with the team members on all shifts. Self-motivated and ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Jan 13, 2021Full timeEmployee Type: Full time Location: KY Buckner Job Type: Production Sanitation Job Posting Title: Sr. Quality Systems Technologist Job Description: Position Summary: The Sr. Quality Systems Technologist is responsible for the direct oversight of all FS&Q programs at the manufacturing site. This includes the development, maintenance and training execution of the site's specific FS&Q programs to ensure compliance with Company and Regulatory standards. They maintain direct contact with Production, Maintenance, and Warehouse personnel to identify, resolve, and prevent FS&Q events. Position Responsibilities: Daily management and oversight with respect to the facility's Food Safety Plan, Food Defense Plan, Food Quality Plan and related prerequisite programs including, but not limited to: formula control, mock trace and recall, consumer complaint management, GMPs, sanitation, pest control, allergen control, environmental pathogen control, sanitation effectiveness, calibration, document control, kosher, SPC, corrective and preventative actions, and verification and validation programs. Conduct daily record review as prescribed in facility's Food Safety and Quality programs. Manage held product and ingredient sampling, review, and work with FS&Q Manager on disposition decisions. Troubleshoots problems and implements corrective actions through root cause analysis. Leads the plant's efforts, in consultation with the FS&Q Manager, to maintain GFSI certification. Assist FS&Q Manager with Regulatory inspections, Identity Preserved Certification Audits, and Customer visits as needed. Represents the Food Safety & Quality department for continuous improvement initiatives. Supports compliance within the TreeHouse Management Operating System to help drive a culture of FS&Q and Continuous Improvement. Conducts Consumer Complaint investigations and works with FS&Q Manager on responses. Serves as the facilities primary FS&Q contact supporting RDI plant trials and/or projects that qualify new ingredients, suppliers, formulas or processes. Maintain and update the plant product specification database as needed. Act as the primary back-up to the FS&Q Manager in their absence. The duties and responsibilities described are not a comprehensive list of all tasks. Additional tasks and duties may be assigned from time to time as necessitated by business needs. Qualifications and Requirements: Relevant experience with government regulatory requirements, FDA, and CFIA in food processing. Familiarity in using continuous improvement tools and fundamentals. Must possess sound problem solving skills, be analytical, and creative to investigate problems in order to recommend and implement solutions. Efficient computer skills; strong knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel, Word, Powerpoint, SharePoint, and familiarity with programs such as SAP, Infinity-QS and Tracegains an asset. Education:  High School or equivalent  High School plus specialized training (min 6mos-2yrs)/College Certificate (Canada)  Associate Degree/College Diploma (Canada - 2-3 years)  Bachelor's Degree Required - Type: Food Science, Microbiology or related field  Master's Degree Required -- Type:  Certification/Licensure/Designation Required for Job: Preferred Attributes: 5+ years of experience in Food Safety and/or Quality Assurance fields or Food manufacturing preferred. Possess strong interpersonal skills, along with good verbal and written communication skills. Must have the ability to influence change, problem solve, and the willingness to spend time in the plant with the team members on all shifts. Self-motivated and ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Physical Demands: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Must be able to perform the following: standing, climbing, pulling, and or pushing, carrying, grasping, reaching, twisting, turning and stooping. Ability to walk and/or stand for extended periods of time. Good physical condition with the ability to lift up to 50 lbs frequently. Good hand/eye coordination, motor skills, 20/20 corrected vision and hearing within the normal range. Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements: Must wear all required personal protection equipment associated with specific manufacturing work environment and job duties as stated in the Employee Handbook, posted policies, or as assigned by leadership personnel. Maintain clean and safe working environment and follow all safety policies and procedures, such as lock out/tag out, safe lifting techniques, and all others as instructed. Inform Management of any food safety or quality issues or of any processes which become noncompliant with specified requirements. Food Safety: Notify supervision of any repairs or adjustments that are required. Understand, observe, and comply with the handling and usage of the color-coded container policy while in the Production Areas. Perform all duties necessary to meet Company, Customer and/or Government requirements/standards as prioritized by the Company. Ability to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of nonconformities relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the product, processes, quality system, or safety system. Identify and record any problems relating to Food Safety and the Quality of the ingredients, processes, quality system, or safety system. Controls further processing or delivery of nonconforming product in terms of Food Safety and Quality issues until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected. Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to . In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.Load moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
