"Three Things Graduates Need to Know to Land Their Dream Dental Clinic Job | Dental Implants: Deciding Between Yes or NoHomeSearchAbout MeHi, my name is Molly, and I have dental implants. However, I didn't just make the decision to get them once. I actually helped my mum and my husband make the decision as well. I found that I really enjoyed guiding them through the process, and because of that, I decided to make this blog. If you are wondering whether you should choose dental implants or not, the blog is designed to help you choose between yes and no. Here, I am going to post facts, information on new research, the pros and cons of different implant materials and more to help you make the right choice. Thanks for reading. I hope this blog helps!Archive2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021Three Things Graduates Need to Know to Land Their Dream Dental Clinic Job6 April 2015Categories: Dentist, BlogWhen you are training to become a dental assistant, you probably have your eye on a dental clinic or office for your first career stop. Having your application ready and your training behind you may not be enough to land your dream dental clinic job. If you want to make sure you make the right first impression, and get the call-back, here are three things you need to know.Have ExperienceWhen students hear they need experience, they may feel like no one will hire them. The truth is, most graduates who can land a dental assistant job that requires experience tend to have taken on internships or small jobs throughout their training. If you missed out on these opportunities, consider finding an internship first. If you can't find an internship, then consider getting experience through an entry-level office position that will allow you to work up the ladder and use your degree. The key point to remember is that you have to start somewhere.Have a Specific ResumeYou may not believe that having a resume is even necessary, but most offices will ask for one or have you use it to fill out your application. It's important to be as specific as possible about all of your skills. Consider that if you list all of your skills, including specific or unique training may set you apart from the applicant that generalizes their experience and education. If an office is looking for a dental assistant that has a strong background in certain procedures, and you have that on your resume, you may land that job based on that point alone.Have Schedule FlexibilityOne thing that knocks a graduate out of the running for their dream dental clinic job is their lack of schedule flexibility. If your dream clinic operates and an emergency, on-call, or 24-hour dental clinic then you should be available for those slots if at all possible. If you can't be available, be honest with yourself and with the clinic about why you can't. You may find that needing a babysitter is a point that the dental office provides assistance with which will open up your availability.These are just a few things you need to know about landing your dream dental clinic job. Though these tips will land you most jobs after graduation, they are especially important with dental jobs due to the level of expertise you need to have and the fact you are dealing with patients who rely on you and the medical treatment you help provide.Share2021 © Dental Implants: Deciding Between Yes or No"
