"Jobs | NOVA Job BoardFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeSign inSign upFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs8 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWarehouse Sales / Business Development (excluding Retail) Admin-Clerical Business Development Health Care / Medical Design ManagementRefine by CategoriesEngineering (4) Customer Service (2) Government (2) Other (2) Construction (1) Distribution-Shipping (1)Facilities (1) General Business (1) General Labor (1) Installation-Maint-Repair (1) Marketing / PR / Advertising (1) Nonprofit-Social Services (1) Project / Program Management (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (6) Part time (1) Contractor (1)Refine by CityRemote (6)Email me jobs like thisDriver/Handyperson$22.00 hourlyManaging Moves & MoreAre you looking for a part-time job offering flexible hours and working with a fun team that values caring and compassion for our clients? Do you like driving, being organized, and doing light handy-person work? We are seeking an organized, friendly, and energetic person to provide key logistical support to our Move Managers and Staging Manager. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Load truck or van with packing/moving supplies and deliver to/from job sites, including clients’ homes and retirement communities Load household items for donation and deliver to various charities Load/unload smaller home-staging furniture and décor, and assist with placement Organize and maintain packing/moving supplies and home-staging furniture in company warehouse located in Santa Clara, CA Receive occasional deliveries at our warehouse Assemble and make minor repairs to furniture Do light handy-person work Other related duties...Jan 22, 2021Part timeAre you looking for a part-time job offering flexible hours and working with a fun team that values caring and compassion for our clients? Do you like driving, being organized, and doing light handy-person work? We are seeking an organized, friendly, and energetic person to provide key logistical support to our Move Managers and Staging Manager. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Load truck or van with packing/moving supplies and deliver to/from job sites, including clients’ homes and retirement communities Load household items for donation and deliver to various charities Load/unload smaller home-staging furniture and décor, and assist with placement Organize and maintain packing/moving supplies and home-staging furniture in company warehouse located in Santa Clara, CA Receive occasional deliveries at our warehouse Assemble and make minor repairs to furniture Do light handy-person work Other related duties...REMOTE - EPI Interviewer Supervisor$63,000 - $67,000 yearlyPublic Health Institute RemotePosition Summary Public Health Institute , is hiring Contact Tracer Supervisors to support the Tracing Health Program to spearhead COVID-19 contact tracing. Public Health Institute (PHI) is organizing teams of community contact tracing staff across California as a key strategy for preventing further spread of COVID-19. The Contact Tracer Supervisor will supervise a team of seven to ten Contact Tracers who are working with COVID-19 patients to help them recall everyone with whom they have had close contact during the timeframe while they may have been infectious, then contact the individuals to let them know of their potential exposure, and connecting contacts with various services (including social support structures, testing, clinical care, etc.). The Contact Tracer Supervisor will track progress against target goals and provide supervision and mentorship to staff. This is a remote, time-limited position that is expected to last until approximately August 31, 2021 with...Jan 12, 2021ContractorPosition Summary Public Health Institute , is hiring Contact Tracer Supervisors to support the Tracing Health Program to spearhead COVID-19 contact tracing. Public Health Institute (PHI) is organizing teams of community contact tracing staff across California as a key strategy for preventing further spread of COVID-19. The Contact Tracer Supervisor will supervise a team of seven to ten Contact Tracers who are working with COVID-19 patients to help them recall everyone with whom they have had close contact during the timeframe while they may have been infectious, then contact the individuals to let them know of their potential exposure, and connecting contacts with various services (including social support structures, testing, clinical care, etc.). The Contact Tracer Supervisor will track progress against target goals and provide supervision and mentorship to staff. This is a remote, time-limited position that is expected to last until approximately August 31, 2021 with...Software Sales - Property & Casualty InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Software Sales - Life InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Software Sales - HealthcareUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Business Development RepresentativeUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Business Development Representative Team Manager / LeadUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Patient Engagement & Enrollment CoordinatorAACIAACI's Health Center is looking for a Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator to join our team! Join us in our mission to strengthening the hope and resilience of our community members by improving their health, mental health and well-being. About Job The Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator is responsible for internal and external outreach initiatives and activities to promote AACI health center services to community residents who lack access to health care and health insurance. This position is directly responsible for conducting patient engagement activities with the goal of increasing patient enrollment for AACI’s health centers. We provide our employees: 11 Paid Holidays and your Birthday off! Paid Vacation and Sick time Comprehensive benefit plan with four Health Plan Options 403(b) Retirement Plan with match Professional development opportunities Eligibility for student loan repayment assistance AACI named...Jan 04, 2021Full timeAACI's Health Center is looking for a Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator to join our team! Join us in our mission to strengthening the hope and resilience of our community members by improving their health, mental health and well-being. About Job The Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator is responsible for internal and external outreach initiatives and activities to promote AACI health center services to community residents who lack access to health care and health insurance. This position is directly responsible for conducting patient engagement activities with the goal of increasing patient enrollment for AACI’s health centers. We provide our employees: 11 Paid Holidays and your Birthday off! Paid Vacation and Sick time Comprehensive benefit plan with four Health Plan Options 403(b) Retirement Plan with match Professional development opportunities Eligibility for student loan repayment assistance AACI named...Load moreJob BoardHomeTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsEmployerSign inLog outSocial MediaTwitterLinkedInFacebookNOVA is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Copyright © 2017 NOVA© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
