"JOBS.BC.CASBiologické centrum | Entomologický ústav | Hydrobiologický ústav | Parazitologický ústav | Ústav molekulární biologie rostlin | Ústav půdní biologie | SoWa▾ Recruitment rules (OTM-R)The Biology Centre CAS has committed to respect The European Charter for Researchers and The Code of Conduct for the Recruitment of Researchers and holds prestigious HR Excellence in Research Award (HR Award). Recruitment of researchers fulfils the principles of the Open, transparent, merit-based recruitment of researchers (OTM-R), which ensures unified course of selection procedure at all scientific institutes of the Biology Centre.Fundamental principles of the OTM-R are openness, transparency and non-discrimination. Candidate requirements differ according to the nature of workload and are always specified in relevant job offer. Job offers are posted on this website and on other specialized portals. Selection procedures for research positions at the Biology Centre consist of two rounds (1st round: applications and subsequent shortlisting of candidates for the second round, 2nd round: interviews). For every selection procedure a selection committee of three members minimum is established, includes HR Department representative and is gender balanced. All candidates are informed on result of the selection procedure and every selection procedure complies with the effective EU regulation on the personal data protection.More about HRS4R and HR AwardDetailed info on our OTM-R available to download hereWhat do we offer to our employees?Posted: 6. 8. 2020Postdoctoral Position in PhylogenomicsWorkplace:Institute of EntomologyDepartment:Department of EcologyLaboratory:Laboratory of Evolutionary EcologyEmployment relationship:Employment contractJob type:ResearcherResearcher profiles: R2, R3Duration:Fixed-termHours per week:40Job status:Full-timeJob starting date:1. 1. 2021Application deadline:5. 8. 2020Job description:We are looking for an enthusiastic postdoctoral researcher (max. seven years after obtaining a PhD degree) experienced in bioinformatics and phylogenomics to join our projects exploring plant-herbivore interactions and evolution of host-plant defences in willows. Using a series of complementary approaches, we aim at showing how chemical diversity in plants arises through biotic and abiotic pressures. Our studies combine field components, manipulative green-house experiments, with metabolomics and phylogenomics.The successful candidate will use WGS and RAD-seq data to reconstruct phylogenies of willow species from Europe and North America to dissect their evolution in response to the pressure of insect herbivory and abiotic factors. We expect the candidate to have an excellent background in bioinformatics and programming that will be required for developing a pipeline for handling the genomics data from both diploid and polyploid willow species. We also offer an opportunity to join our projects on the evolution of other plant genera, such as Ficus, Macaranga, and Syzygium.Requirements:Min. education level:PhDField of education:BiologyLanguages:English:ExcellentOther requirements:• Advanced skills in bioinformatics (polyploid and diploid genome assembly, RAD-locus contig assembly), phylogenomics, and programming (R, python, bash)• Deep interest in the ecology of insects or plants• Fluency in spoken and written English• Ability to work independently• International experience (at least two years spent outside the Czech Republic within the last three years)Benefits:• 5 weeks of holiday• Friendly international working environment• Subsidized lunch• Benefits from Social Fund• Support of leisure time activities• Health insurance• Budget for conferences and workshopsAdditional information:https://www.entu.cas.cz/en/departments/department-of-ecology-and-conservation-biology/laboratory-of-evolutionary-ecology/Other comments:The successful applicant will join the Laboratory of Evolutionary Ecology led by Dr. Martin Volf at the Institute of Entomology, Biology Center of the Czech Academy of Sciences in Ceske Budejovice (Czech Republic). The project offers an opportunity to conduct the laboratory work in the Czech Republic and abroad, within a collaborative network of our colleagues from Europe and overseas. The Department of Ecology, where our laboratory is based, is a diverse, international team (11 nationalities) studying ecology, evolution and biogeography, and a world-class centre for interaction network research with regular publications in leading journals. The Laboratory of Evolutionary Ecology is a new perspective team successful in fundraising and with a good publication record.The BC CAS is a holder of the HR Excellence in Research Award. Our selection process is transparent, open, non-discriminating and fair. For more information about the recruitment of researchers policy at our institution, see www.bc.cas.cz/en/about-us/employment/.The deadline for applications is August 5th 2020. Duration of the job contract is fixed (Jan 2021 – Nov 2023). Applicants from all countries are eligible. To apply, please send a CV including your publication record, contact details for three references, a copy of your PhD diploma, and a cover letter stating qualifications, previous work and motivation via the Reply button below.REPLY BACK TO JOB LISTContactBiologické centrum AV ČR, v.v.i.Branišovská 1160/31370 05 České BudějoviceSend emailhr@bc.cas.cz© 2021 Biologické centrum AV ČR, v.v.i. | Statement on Accessibility"
