"Halfbakery: Child Care jobs programh a l f b a k e r yIncidentally, why isn't \"spacecraft\" another word for \"interior design\"?idea: add, search, annotate, link, view, overview, recent, by name, randommeta: news, help, about, links, report a problemaccount: browse anonymously, or get an account and write.user:pass:register,...Backwards NewsBadger to a CustomBasic incomeBreed Safe MosquitoesChild Care jobs programChild SupportChild support deductionsCompeting with gangsCopper handrails on public transport...public:welfareChild Care jobs programWelfare to work child care program(+3, -2) [vote for,against]Problem one: Decent quality child care is hard to find and expensive.Problem two: People can become stuck on welfare because if they took a job, they wouldn't be able to afford day care for their children while they were away working.Solution: Instead of simply demanding that welfare recipients \"find a job or else\", give them the option of taking child care training classes and then working in a day care center (or opening their own center). This gives them a valuable skill, a decent job, lets them stay with their children during the day, and gives other people a good place to leave their kids during the day.— Jeremi, Mar 07 2002baked in canada: ontario works http://www.gov.on.c...vices/ontworks.htmltraining + welfare = a job. in theory, at least. [mihali, Mar 07 2002, last modified Oct 21 2004][link]'Welfare case' does not imply 'bad person'. In any case, you would be entrusting your child to a 'well-trained ex-welfare case'.— Jeremi, Mar 07 2002Somebody explain Jeremi and Jerimi2 to me....assuming they are the same person, doesn't seem to be a case of \"forgot password/create another account\", so what's the deal?Oh, and here's another case of failing to select a category when posting a new idea. Go get him, Bristolz....grrrr ;-)— runforrestrun, Mar 07 2002This seems pretty standard practice among the more enlightened social security systems. In Britain and many other places, the unemployed (including single mothers) can receive a variety of state-funded training. The British Labour government's \"New Deal for Lone Parents\" offers help with training, childcare and finding employment.Of course, being a parent doesn't necessarily mean you could be a child-care professional. But I would say, baked.— pottedstu, Mar 07 2002Peter... that's very offensive.— waugsqueke, Mar 07 2002[UB] Does that mean that it the person who does the training already has 6 kids that they take one away?— dare99, Mar 07 2002Yes.— waugsqueke, Mar 07 2002Jeremi2 was an account that I when I mysteriously couldn't log into my Jeremi account for about 3 days straight. I figured my password for Jeremi must have been munged somehow. Then Jeremi started working again.— Jeremi, Mar 08 2002Email bakesperson@halfbakery.com, and Jutta can fix it for you.— StarChaser, Mar 08 2002Jeremi spoke in class todaytry to forget this...try to erase this...from the bakery— thumbwax, Mar 09 2002[admin: I've moved Jeremi2's stuff over to Jeremi and deleted Jeremi2's account.]— jutta, Mar 10 2002Thanks jutta :^)— Jeremi, Mar 13 2002[annotate]back: main indexbusiness computer culture fashion food halfbakery home other product public science sport vehicle"
