"Yale University, Statistics and Data Science‌New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us|HelpYale University, Statistics and Data SciencePosition ID: YaleU-PROFESSOR1 [#16564, 65167]Position Title: Assistant, Associate, and Full ProfessorPosition Type: Tenured/Tenure-track facultyPosition Location: New Haven, Connecticut 06511, United States [map]Subject Area: Statistics and Data ScienceApplication Deadline: none (posted 2020/10/20)Position Description:* this map is a best-effort approximation. Open in Google Maps directly.Yale University’s Department of Statistics and Data Science invites applications for tenure-track faculty positions at all levels to start in July 2021. The Department especially encourages applications from scholars working in the areas of Machine Learning, Data Science, and Applied Statistics. Current faculty in the department have Ph.D.s in fields including Applied Mathematics, Brain & Cognitive Science, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Political Science, and Statistics. We take a broad and multi-faceted view of Data Science, which we consider the foundation of cross disciplinary research crucial to solving fundamental problems in areas including Science, Health, Economic and Financial technology, and Public, Social and Environmental Policy. We consider the responsible and ethical use of data, algorithms and machine learning to be critical. All areas of expertise related to Statistics and Data Science will be considered.The Department of Statistics and Data Science at Yale is growing and has hired seven faculty in the last three years, five of whom hold joint appointments with other departments. The Department has a growing Ph.D. program and a new undergraduate major in Statistics and Data Science. In 2018, Yale announced that Data Science would be one of its top five priority areas for new investments in Science. The initiatives proposed by the University Science Strategy Committee include the establishment of a University-wide Institute for Integrative Data Science and its Mathematical Foundations. The Institute will foster collaboration between many different components of the University, bringing together faculty and students across the sciences, social sciences, medical school, law school, arts and humanities. New faculty in the Department of Statistics and Data Science will have an opportunity to play a key role in developing this new institute.Excellence in teaching and advising is valued, and new faculty will have opportunities to design courses that align with their research interests. The department is collegial and seeks others with strong interpersonal skills who have the capacity to increase Yale’s talent pool and effectively teach and mentor students of diverse backgrounds and interests.Joint appointments with the Department of Computer Science may be available to interested applicants. Faculty with a strong interest in Computer Science are also advised to apply to the openings in that department and are welcome to apply to both departments.More information about the department may be found at http://sds.yale.edu. Questions regarding the application process can be sent to sds.search@yale.edu.Applicants should submit their curriculum vitae, a research statement, a teaching statement, a diversity & inclusion statement, and are encouraged to arrange for the submission of at least three letters of recommendation. Creating a public Google Scholar page and an academic webpage is strongly encouraged. Applications submitted by December 1, 2020 will be given highest priority. Candidates should hold a Ph.D. or equivalent degree in a field related to Statistics and Data Science at time of employment.Please submit your application materials at http://apply.interfolio.com/79447We are not accepting applications for this position through Mathjobs.Org right now. Please apply at http://apply.interfolio.com/79447.Email:Postal Mail:24 Hillhouse AvenueNew Haven, CT 06511Web Page: statistics.yale.eduNew Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us|Help© 2021 MathJobs.Org, American Mathematical Society. All Rights Reserved."
