"day job – Just Another Struggling WriterSkip to contentJust Another Struggling WriterThe lamentations of yet another person struggling to write a novel.MenuSearchAbout MeSearch for:SearchTag: day jobWriting with a Day JobOn January 9, 2019 By Kerry ShareLeave a comment	Manuscript NewsIt took me a while to really get back on the wagon with writing. Even though I promised myself I would start up again on January 2nd, I didn’t actually get any words down until the 5th. Without the enthusiasm of a fresh start or the punishing schedule of NaNo to have to adhere to, I found it all too easy to make excuses not to write (some of which is the topic of today’s post, see below).Honestly, I think I was a little bit nervous about burning myself out again. NaNo was pretty brutal for me, and had the unintended side effect of getting me to believe that I had to do five pages a day for it to count as progress. When I realized I could just do five hundred words and be done for the day, I felt the cloud kind of lift.While I do think I need some of the more rigorous writing workouts to keep me on schedule (a self-imposed, completely arbitrary schedule), I wasn’t ready to jump into the deep end quite yet. So, for now, I’m content with a page a day. And when I’m ready, I’m gonna run for the hills again.The Weekly StruggleUnless you’re lucky enough to write professionally as a full-time career, you probably have a day job, so I hope many of you can relate.Let’s all agree right now: writing when you have a full time day job can be really, really hard.Winter is the busy season in my industry, to the point where my company actually has a vacation day blackout between November-January. This year, my office had it’s busiest November/December since I’ve been in this job (we’re on pace for a similar January, something I’m very excited about).The sum effect of all this has been a great deal of take home stress. This was a large part of why I decided to take a short writing hiatus last month, and I think it’s the entire reason why I have so little energy for writing at the end of the day even now that the holidays (the other motivation for my hiatus) are over.Stress isn’t the only thing throwing off my groove either. Before things picked up at the day job, I was able to sneak in one or two hundred words on my breaks, more on my lunch. Since I’ve been pretty much working through those, I’ve lost some of my most productive pockets of time, leaving me with pretty much just the time between my kids getting in bed and when I finally faceplant into my own bed. Yesterday, a particularly hard one at work, that time was approximately 37 seconds.Mine is not a unique situation. We all, at some point, have to find a work-writing balance that works for us, and one person’s method might not be helpful to someone, or maybe even anyone, else. I’m still trying to find that midpoint. I’m also trying to determine where Not Writing stops being laziness and becomes self care, and vise versa. Coming off my hiatus, which I needed, and still struggling to write isn’t something I had anticipated.Best I can do, for now, is try to take these difficult times, these stressful work days, and turn them into motivation to complete my novel so that one day I can quit my effing job.What I’m Reading This WeekI’m finishing up my semi-yearly reread of my favorite book of all time, Pride and Prejudice. I know one of my New Year’s Resolutions was to read a bunch of new books, and I did sign up for a Book Bub account pursuant to that, but I really needed old faithful last week with all that was going on. I’ve got a couple of fantasy novels lined up, so I’ll have something more interesting next week, I promise.What are you all reading, and, more importantly, which Bennett sister are you?Follow me on TwitterorSupport me on Ko-FiHistoryJanuary 2021December 2020October 2020September 2020August 2020July 2020May 2020March 2020February 2020January 2020October 2019September 2019July 2019June 2019April 2019February 2019January 2019December 2018November 2018October 2018September 2018Tagsadvince anxiety brain authors behaving badly book recs book review books Border Towns brainstorming bullet journal carts and horses characters community conferences craft dark me day job depression disappointment editing Elyse POV fanfiction fantasy fickle muses genre getting out of your own way goals Halcyon POV introduction Jovian POV killing your darlings longhand making time mental health check-in milestones Minor Arcana NaNoWriMo new year non writing outlining pantsing pen names Penny POV personal Pillar-verse plotting process reading Reasons I DNF This Book resources revising self care Short But Sweet social anxiety the mandalorian The Nexus the one with all the captain kirk gifs The Poppy War the struggle the witcher Thursday Words Day trunk novel victories word count world building writing writing for yourself writing groups writing is hard Your Mileage May VaryFollow Just Another Struggling Writer on WordPress.comWebsite Powered by WordPress.com.Add your thoughts here... (optional)Post toCancel"
