"RRB recruitment 2021-22: Latest & Upcoming railway vacancy updatesLatest Railway RecruitmentRRB Recruitment 2021HomeRRBRRB NTPCRailway Group DRPF recruitmentRRB Recruitment 2021| Group D, NTPC Exam date, Admit card & Railway Latest vacanciesLatest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 12, 2020RRBCommentsRRB recruitment 2021-22| Upcoming RRC, RPF & Metro Rail Vacancy Notification, Application forms, Admit card, Exam Date, Syllabus & Exam pattern- Apply onlineRRB recruitment 2021: If you have completed your 10th,12th, ITI diploma or graduation, post-graduation degree and want to recruit in the railway department then you are at the right place because soon RRB going to fill a vacant seat in the various Indian Railway recruitment board, it includes RRB NTPC, RRB JE, SSE, ASM, Ticket collector, apprentice post and various group D level 1 vacancy. Here we bring bumper railway vacancies for the freshers and experience holders. So stay connected with us and keep reading our post, our team helps you to get the best desirable job as per your qualification. Here we are going to give updates for the latest and upcoming RRB vacancy in the 2021-2022 session, also we are going to share a various syllabus, exam date, admit card, result date, and merit list; with that, we are going to share best RRB books for your job profile. Like every year RRB and RRC going to publish bumper vacancies in their respective department. Railway always grabs the headlines and holds the genius world record for the largest online examination conducted ever. Every year RRB recruitment lakhs of candidates where 10-12 million candidates apply for the job, maybe that’s why Railway is the most loving government jobs among the job seekers.Latest Railway Recruitment for 2021-2022 session | (Apply online & Notification link given below)Department name Vacancy Post name Last dateSouth Western railway 1004 Act Apprentice 09-01-2021Maha metro SUPERVISORY Post NotificationNON-SUPERVISORY Post Notification 139 Supervisor & Non-Supervisor 21-01-2021RITES Limited Will be intimated later Graduate Engineer Trainees, Engineers, DGM, Assistant (Hindi) 31-Dec-2020RITES Limited 05 General Manager (Civil) 24-Dec-2020RITES Limited 02 Group General manager/ GM (Elect.) 09-Dec-2020RRB Board 16 Assistant Programmers 26-Jan-2021RVNL 01 Senior Accounts Asst/ Accounts Assistant 30-Dec-2020South Western Railway 21 Sports Quota 28-12-2020RRB Latest news updates:CEN-03/2019: Link for City & Date intimation, Mock Link and Help Desk for CBT (The link will be live from 05.12.2020 @ 17.00 hrs to 18.12.2020 23 hrs 55 Minutes) (04-Dec-2020)CEN 03/2019 – Ministerial & Isolated Categories: Exam Schedule for CBT.(04-Dec-2020)Upcoming RRB vacancy 2021- www.indianrailways.gov.inBefore we begin with the top searches of Government jobs in the railway department we want to remind you to bookmarks our page or remember our website name i.e latestrrbrecruitment.in so that you can visit regularly our website and get the latest RRB recruitment notification and apply online before last date over. So let get started, following are the upcoming list of post with their vacancies as per expected RRB recruitment notification 2021.RRB Recruitment 2021-22 Notification Date:-The main highlighted posts of the Railway recruitment board are Non- Technical Popular Categories, group D, Assistant Loco Pilot, and Technicians Exam, Jr Engineer, and Senior Sectional Engineer and Assistant Station Master in various RRB regions. There are 21 RRB regions which include Allahabad, Mumbai, Ajmer, Secunderabad, Kolkata, Ahmadabad, Bhopal, Chennai, Bhubaneswar, Patna, Bangalore, Ranchi, Muzaffarpur, Guwahati, Chandigarh, Bilaspur, Gorakhpur, Siliguri, Malda, Jammu, Thiruvananthapuram. This post comes once a year for freshers and every job seeker wants to apply for the post. It is expected that the railway department starts recruiting in the first or second quarter of 2021 because they have to conduct various RRB NTPC & group D exam. It could be more delay due to covid-19. Please try to understand it is hard to manage all the arrangements of the recruitment & Exam centre in this pandemic, So Please wait and keep visiting us for the latest railway jobs update.Post name vacancyRRB NTPC 35,208RRB Group D Level 1 1,03,769RRB ALP 26503RRB JE, CMA, DMS 15,091railway clerk 2,000+RRB TC 3,000+RRB ASM 50,000RRB Safety Staff Posts 1 lakhUpcoming RRB’s name with their respective vacancies:-RRB’s Region Name Upcoming vacancyRRB Allahabad 4694RRB Mumbai 1425RRB Jammu and Srinagar 367RRB Malda 880RRB Secunderabad 3262RRB Kolkata 1824RRB Siliguri 477RRB Gorakhpur 1558RRB Ahmedabad 164RRB Bhopal 1679RRB Bilaspur 945RRB Chennai 945RRB Ajmer 1221RRB Patna 454RRB Bhubaneswar 702RRB Bangalore 1054RRB Ranchi 2043RRB Thiruvananthapuram 345RRB Muzaffarpur 465RRB Guwahati 422RRB Chandigarh 1546RRC Recruitment 2021-22 Notification list:-The main highlighted posts of Railway recruitment cell are apprentice (ITI Diploma), sports quota, Staff Nurse, Technician, Goods Guard and multiple jobs in various Railway cells. There are 17 RRC cells which includes Central Railway (CR), Northern Railway (NR), Eastern Railway (ER), North Eastern Railway (NER), Southern Railway (SR), South Central Railway (SCR), Northeast Frontier Railway (NER), South Eastern Railway (SER), Western Central Railway (WCR), South western Railway (SWR), South Eastern Central Railway (SECR), North western Railway (NWR), North Central Railway (NCR), East Coast Railway (ECOR), East Central Railway (ECR) and Western Railway (WR). These posts come every month within a year for fresher and experience holders and every job seeker wants to apply for the post.Post name vacancy Notification link & dateRRC apprentice 20000 update soon!RRC Sport Quota 2000 update soon!RRC Staff Nurse 3000 update soon!RRC Technician 1000 update soon!RRC Good guard 5000 update soon!Following are the list of RRC cells with official website:-RRC’S Name Official WebsitesCentral Railway (CR Mumbai) www.rrcnr.org, www.crindianrailways.gov.inNorthern Railway (NR New Delhi) www.rrcnr.org, www.nr.indianrailways.gov.inEastern Railway (ER Kolkata) www.rrcer.com, www.er.indianrailways.gov.inNorth Eastern Railway (NER Gorakhpur) www.rrbgkp.gov.in, www.ner.indianrailways.gov.inSouthern Railway (SR Chennai) www.rrcmas.in, www.sr.indianrailways.gov.inSouth Central Railway (SCR Secunderabad) www.scr.indianrailways.gov.inNortheast Frontier Railway (NFR Guwahati) www.nfr.indianrailways.gov.in, www.nfr.railnet.gov.inSouth eastern Railway (SER Kolkata) www.ser.indianrailways.gov.inWestern Central Railway (WCR Kolkata) www.wcr.indianrailways.gov.inSouth western Railway (SWR Hubli) www.rrchubli.in, www.swr.indianrailways.gov.inSouth eastern Central Railway (SECR Bilaspur) www.secr.indianrailways.gov.inNorth western Railway (NWR Jaipur) www.nwr.indianrailways.gov.inNorth Central Railway (NCR Allahabad) www.ncr.indianrailways.gov.inEast coast railway (ECOR Bhubaneswar) rrcbbs.org.in, www.eastcoastrail.indianrailways.gov.inEast Central Railway (ECR hajipur) www.ecr.indianrailways.gov.in,www.rrcecr.gov.inWestern Railway (WR Mumbai) www.wr.indianrailways.gov.in, www.rrc-wr.comRPF/ RPSF Recruitment 2021-22 Notification list:-The main highlighted posts of Railway Protection Force or Railway Protection Special Force are Sub Inspector (SI) and Constable (Ancillary). These posts come once a year for freshers. Both male and female candidates can apply for this post. Interested candidates can apply online through their official website i.e. http://rpfonlinereg.org/ or constable.rpfonlinereg.orgPost name vacancy NotificationRPF SI 9000 Click hereRRF Constable Ancillary 10000Metro rail recruitment 2021-22 Notification list:-In this category, they published jobs for the experienced candidates, only a few vacancies can be seen for the freshers. The main highlighted posts of Metro railway jobs are Safety Counselor, Junior Manager, Managing Director, JGM, SEMU, Manager/ Assistant Manager, Chief Project Manager, Deputy General Manager, and multiple jobs in the various metro city which includes Srinagar metro, NMRCL, MMRCL, Gujarat Metro Rail, LMRC, JMRC, RITES, Konkan Railway, RWF, IRCTC, HRIDC, BEML, KMRCL, MRVC, DMRC, RailTel Corporation Of India Limited, etc. These posts come anytime within a year for experienced and freshers and male and female candidates both can apply for this post. Interested candidates can apply online through their official website.RRB NTPC jobs QualificationPost Name QualificationCommercial Apprentice GraduationTraffic Apprentice GraduationEnquiry cum Reservation Clerk (ECRC) GraduationGoods Guard DegreeJunior Accounts Assistant cum Typist Degree + Typing Proficiency in English/Hindi on ComputerSenior Clerk cum Typist Degree + Typing Proficiency in English/Hindi on ComputerAssistant Station Master (ASM) DegreeTraffic Assistant DegreeSenior Time Keeper Degree + Typing Proficiency in English/Hindi on ComputerRRB NTPC Exam pattern & syllabus PDFHere latest RRB exam pattern and syllabus available. Go to the following table to know more details.General Awareness In these categories, candidates have to keep them self-updates on a regular basis, here is some syllabus for it.GK Preparation TipsCurrent Affairs (National and International Importance)Awards and HonorsAbbreviationsWho is who?Important DaysSportsScience – Inventions and DiscoveriesLatest Current News & AffairsBooks and AuthorsBudget and Five Year PlansInternational and National OrganizationMajor Financial/Economic NewsArithmetic It mainly consists of math stuff like:-HCF, LCMData InterpretationPercentageSimplificationTime and WorkAverageStart Your Test NowDecimal FractionsMath Online QuizMenstruation (2D and 3D)Unitary MethodProfit and LossTime and DistanceAlgebraSimple and Compound InterestRatio and ProportionsNumber SystemGeneral Intelligence It consists of MCQ type question from the following topics:-General AwarenessArithmeticGeneral ScienceGeneral Intelligence and Reasoning type questionsTechnical Ability It is an exam to check your ability & presence of mind.Reasoning Ability This phase includes two type of syllabus i.e. Verbal & non-verbal type:-VERBAL:-Coding-DecodingProblem on Age CalculationNumber SeriesArithmetical ReasoningNumber RankingDecision MakingAlphabet SeriesTest of Direction SenseBlood RelationsAnalogyNON- VERBAL:- Grouping Identical FiguresCubes and DiceNon-Verbal SeriesEmbedded FiguresMirror Imageslatest RRB exam pattern details:-NTPC Stage 1 Exam: RRB NTPC exam consists of the following four 3 parts. It is MCQ type exam of 100 marks. Candidates have to complete the exam within 90 minutes of limited time. For each wrong attempt, there would be 1/3 negative marking will be made.Subjects MarksGeneral Intelligence & reasoning 30Mathematics / Arithmetic 30General Awareness 40Note: exam duration for PWD candidates is 120 Minutes.NTPC Stage 2 Exam: Those candidates who have clear stage 1 are eligible for the phase 2 exam. This phase consists of 150 objective type of question. The time duration shall be 90 minutes and for each wrong attempt, they will charge 1/3 negative mark.Subjects MarksGeneral Intelligence & reasoning 35Mathematics / Arithmetic 35General Awareness 50Note: exam duration for PWD candidates is 120 Minutes.RRB NTPC Best books 2021-2022.Railway Recruitment Boards RRB (Non-Technical Cadre) Buy OnlineKiran’s Railway Non-Technical Online Exam CBT Question Bank Buy OnlineGuide to RRB Non-Technical Recruitment Exam Buy Online30 Practice Sets Railway Recruitment Boards RRB (Non-Technical Cadre) Buy OnlineRRB Common Preliminary Exam. (For Non-Technical Cadre) Buy OnlineRRB – Common Pre. Examination (Non – Technical Cadre) Study Package Stage – 1: With Solved Paper & Practice Sets Buy OnlineCPE Common Preliminary Examination: Railway Non-Technical Question Bank Buy Online101 Speed Tests (Topic-wise) with 14 Practice Sets (10 in book & 4 Online CBT) for RRB Non-Technical Exam Buy OnlineSolved Paper Railway Recruitment Boards RRB (Non-Technical Cadre) Buy Online30 Practice Sets Railway Recruitment Boards RRB Non-Technical Cadre (in Hindi) Buy OnlineRRB Higher Level Non-Technical Exam Guide (in Hindi) Buy OnlineRRB Group D vacancy qualification & Selection procedure:-Railway Group D jobs qualification:- Candidates must be 10th pass or should possess ITI diploma from recognized university or institute.Railway Group D jobs Selection Procedure: Get complete details of Railway Recruitment Cell (RRC) Group D level post-selection procedure such as Porter, Helper, Trackman, Gangman, Helper-II (Mechanical), Helper-II (S&T), Helper-II (Elect), Gr. ‘D’ (Engineer) and Gr. ‘D’ (Store).RRB follow section procedure for RRC group D post:-Written Examination:- Applicants have to answer 100 MCQ question within 90 minutes. All the question consist of general knowledge, awareness, mathematics, reasoning etc. The question paper will be available in four languages i.e. Hindi, English, Urdu, and Maithili. Candidates must be noted that there would be negative marking where 1/3 marks would be deducted every single wrong attempt.Physical Efficiency Test (PET):- After the written exam Male candidates should be able to run for a distance of 1500 meters in 6 minutes in one chance whereas female Should be able to run for a distance of 400 meters in 3 minutes in one chance. NOTE: The persons with disabilities are exempted from appearing in PET.Document Verification:- After the written & PET exam qualification candidates would be invited for called for documents and candidature verification.Medical Test:- After document verification candidates would be called for the medical test. It is noted that sometimes candidates who scored low marks could be the reason, you might be not called for the medical test.Final List:- In this last stage, final merit list is generated by the railway recruitment board in which they select the candidates on the basis of written exam, PET, document verification & Medical test. Then they called for training.RRB Group D Calendar/ Schedule 2021-22:-Item MonthIssue of Notification July 2021Last date of receipt of application 30th September 2021Scrutiny of application January /February 2021Issue of call letter for Written Test March/April 2021Written Test May/June 2021Physical Efficiency Test (PET) September /October 2021Medical Test/Document Verification November /December 2021Declaration of Final panel December 2021RRB Group A, B, C, D Vacancy Apply onlineThe interested candidates can apply online for their desirable jobs as per current running railway notification, also check out the following eligibility criteria according to your qualification. keep visiting our site on a regular basis.RRB Group A post it is conducted by UPSC organization. It is a gazetted post group which is appointed through either Civil Service Exam or Engineering Service Exam and Combined Medical Service Examination.RRB Group B post 70% Candidates are selected through a process of primarily based and 30% through a Limited Departmental Competitive Examination as known as LDCE selection testRRB Group C post mostly Technical and Non-Technical cadre post with huge vacancies. The required qualification for Group C post is either 12th pass with 50% marks or Graduation in any discipline.Following are the posts name:-ClerkStation MasterTicket CollectorCommercial ApprenticeTraffic ApprenticeEngineering posts (Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, Signal & Telecommunication), etcRRB Group D post RRB published jobs for the 8th pass, 10th pass or 10+2 pass vacancies. Following are the posts name which falls in Group D categories:-TrackmanHelperAssistant Points ManSafaiwala / SafaiwaliGunmanPeon etc.RRB NTPC EXAM 2021- Upcoming 35208 RRB Vacancy Notification, Syllabus, ApplicationLatest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRRB NTPC EXAM 2021- Upcoming 35208 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB NTPC recruitment 2021-2022: RRB soon going to recruit a 35,208 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway various department. It includes mainly Commercial Apprentice, Traffic Apprentice, Reservation Clerk, Goods Guard, Junior Account Asst, Senior Clerk, ASM, TC& Time Keeper post for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the NTPC post is a graduation degree in its respective Discipline. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB NTPC Bharti. (more…)Railway Group D Level-1 recruitment 2021- Upcoming 103769 RRB Vacancy Notification out soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRailway Group D Level-1 recruitment 2021- Upcoming 103769 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB Group D Level 1 recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 1,03,769 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly Gangman, Switchman, Trackman, Cabinman, Leverman, Pointsman, Helper-II, Gr. D (Store), Keyman, Shunter, Welder, Fitter, Porter, Helper-II (Mech), Helper-II (S&T), and Gr. D (Engg.) posts for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the Group D post is 10th pass and some posts might require ITI diploma. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB Group D Level 1 Bharti. (more…)Railway Safety staff recruitment 2021- Upcoming 1 lakh RRB Vacancy Notification coming soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRailway Safety staff recruitment 2021- Upcoming 1 lakh RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB Safety staff Recruitment 2021-2022: soon going to recruit a 1 lakh (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly loco running staff, driver, station master, guard, technology supervisor, control and yard staff, signal inspector, and maintenance employees posts for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the Safety staff post is 8th, 10th, or 12th or graduation. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB Safety staff Bharti. (more…)Railway clerk recruitment 2021- Upcoming 2000 RRB Vacancy Notification coming soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRailway clerk recruitment 2021- Upcoming 2000 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB Clerk Recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 2,000 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly booking clerks, reservation clerks, Enquiry clerks & pharmacists posts for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the clerk post is 10+2. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB clerk Bharti. (more…)Railway JE, DMS, CMA recruitment 2021- Upcoming 15091 RRB Vacancy Notification coming soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRailway JE recruitment 2021- Upcoming 15091 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB JE, CMA & DMS recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 15,091 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly Junior Engineer, DEPOT MATERIAL SUPERINTENDENT & CHEMICAL and METALLURGICAL ASSISTANT posts for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the JE, DMS & CMA posts is an engineering/ Graduation degree. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB JE Bharti. (more…)ALP Technician recruitment 2021- Upcoming 26503 RRB Vacancy Notification, Application forms coming soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRailway ALP Technician recruitment 2021- Upcoming 26502 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB ALP recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 26,502 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly Assistant Loco Pilot & Technician posts for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the ALP & & Technician Grade III post is 10th pass. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB ALP Bharti. (more…)TC recruitment 2021- Upcoming 3000 RRB Vacancy Notification, Application forms coming soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsDecember 1, 2020RRBCommentsRailway TC recruitment 2021- Upcoming 3000 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB TC recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 3,000 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly Ticket collector post for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the TC post is a 12th pass. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB TC Bharti. (more…)ASM recruitment 2021- Upcoming 50000 RRB Vacancy Notification, Application forms coming soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsNovember 30, 2020RRBCommentsRailway ASM recruitment 2021- Upcoming 50000 RRB Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RRB ASM recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 50,000 (approx) bumper vacancy in the railway department. It includes mainly Assistant Station Master post for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RRB notification, The minimum education for the ASM post is a graduation degree. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RRB ASM Bharti. (more…)RPF recruitment 2021- Upcoming 19000+ Constable & SI Vacancy Notification out soon!Latest & Upcoming RRB jobsNovember 26, 2020RPFCommentsRPF recruitment 2021- Upcoming 19000+ Constable & SI Vacancy Notification to be Released soon!RPF Recruitment 2021-2022: Railway soon going to recruit a 19000+ (approx) bumper vacancy in the Railway Protection Force (RPF) department. It includes constable Ancillary (Water Carrier, Safaiwala, Washer Man, Barber, Mali, Tailor, Cobbler trades) and Sub Inspector post for the male and female candidates. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, there could be a delay and shortage notification in the various government jobs for safety purposes. Unlikely 2020 It is expected that 2021 will brings a lot of opportunity for the interested aspirant who really wants the jobs and make their career in the railway department. According to RPF notification, The minimum education for the constable post is the 10th pass and for the SI post is a graduation degree. If you really want to apply for the same post and interested to know complete eligibility criteria such as age limit, desire education qualification, and selection procedure stays with us we will give you complete information that you guys need to know. Also, we will share the syllabus, Exam pattern, exam fees with important dates (start and last date for apply online), and official notification/ Apply online link. During the lockdown period, everyone is seeking government jobs as per their qualification for their bright and secure future. It is better for everyone to not miss any chance to grab any government, especially in the railway department because this is the only department where you can find group d jobs. So we understand that how much importance this job place in your life. That’s why we are here to give you every single update for the RPF Bharti. (more…)Search for:Recent PostsRRB Recruitment 2021| Group D, NTPC Exam date, Admit card & Railway Latest vacanciesRRB NTPC EXAM 2021- Upcoming 35208 RRB Vacancy Notification, Syllabus, ApplicationRailway Group D Level-1 recruitment 2021- Upcoming 103769 RRB Vacancy Notification out soon!Railway Safety staff recruitment 2021- Upcoming 1 lakh RRB Vacancy Notification coming soon!Railway clerk recruitment 2021- Upcoming 2000 RRB Vacancy Notification coming soon!DepartmentRPFRRBlooking jobs for?rpf bharti RRB 10th pass vacancy RRB 12th pass vacancy RRB Engineer vacancy RRB Graduation pass vacancy rrb group d RRB ITI Diploma vacancy RRB Mechanical postlatestrailwayrecruitment.in © 2020 Frontier Theme"
