"Job Posting - Executive DirectorExecutive DirectorOrganization: Chatham County-Savannah Metropolitan Planning CommissionSalary: A highly competitive beginning salary is anticipated based upon qualifications and experience. MPC’s benefit package is excellent.Close Date: May 1, 2017Job Description:The Chatham County-Savannah Metropolitan Planning Commission (MPC), under the direction of its Board of Commissioners, is seeking an executive director to replace its retiring executive of twelve years.MPC began in 1955 as the Savannah Metropolitan Planning Commission. Two years later, Chatham County was added when the State General Assembly enacted legislation permitting joint city-county planning commissions. The City of Savannah and unincorporated Chatham County charged the Planning Commission with the development of a comprehensive plan for the entire metropolitan area, advance and short range planning for individual political subdivisions, and the development and administration of subdivision and zoning planning tools. Now, MPC is also responsible for land use, transportation, environmental and growth management planning as well as the Savannah Area Geographic Information System (SAGIS). MPC is funded mainly by the City and County governments. The agency is governed by a Board of Commissioners who are appointed by the elected officials of two governmental entities, the City of Savannah and Chatham County. The Board membership includes the chief executives of both governments. The remainder of the Board consists of a diverse group of appointed citizens representing various walks of life in Savannah and Chatham County. MPC’s offices are located in the heart of Savannah's historic district, near beaches and numerous other attractions.MPC’s Executive Director is appointed by and serves at the pleasure of the Board. This is a highly responsible management position charged with planning and coordinating the activities of a planning staff of 30 and executing the MPC’s work program and budget in support of the policies of the BoardMinimum requirements include the equivalent of a Master’s Degree combined with five years of progressively responsible experience in management of a governmental organization. Must have the demonstrated ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with elected and appointed officials at all levels of government, representatives of business, civic and community stakeholders, and media organizations plus the demonstrated ability to supervise and manage employees, make presentations to diverse groups and prepare strategic plans.CompensationA highly competitive beginning salary is anticipated based upon qualifications and experience. MPC’s benefit package is excellent.To ApplyApply via email with detailed resume, cover letter and current salary by May 1, 2017 to:Robert Slavin, PresidentSLAVIN MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS3040 Holcomb Bridge Road #A1Norcross, GA 30071Phone: 770.449.4656Fax: 770.416.0848slavin@bellsouth.netAn Equal Opportunity EmployerDownload a comprehensive profile information document (PDF)© Copyright Slavin Management Consultants. All rights reserved.Close This Listing Window"
