"What is Jobbing – Total Securities Ltd.(+91) 022 42644002hr.totalsec@gmail.comHOMEABOUT USOverviewMissionLeadershipWhy TSLFinancial StabilityTrainingTechnologyTITSLCourse DetailsTestimonialsJOBBINGWhat is JobbingTrading RoomCash & DerivativesCurrencyCommodityMUTUAL FUNDSCAREERSCareer @ TSLApply OnlineCONTACTClient LoginWhat Is JobbingJobbing is like a buying and selling of shares or securities especially on small scale with the intention of generating short term or quick profit. Generally in this kind of trading a Trader just focus on short term benefit not on his risk in intra - minute if you are going to work that would be more beneficial to work by maintaining a proper stop loss and target by its support and resistance level.The act or practice of buying stocks only to resell them at a profit very quickly. Jobbing is to trade with the trend of the market. The entire trading takes place on the basis of movement of the market. Jobbing involves continuous buying and selling of shares with paper thin margin with high turnover thereby earning a handsome profit at the end of the day. It is a “Low Risk- High Return” method of Trading with zero position at the end of the day. Buying or Selling of a security and then immediately buying it back or selling it back for a quick profit. It is also known as high frequency trading. Get in and out of the market quickly, multiple times during the trading day.Benefits:Requires intense focus, less likely to ‘force’ trades.Less overall market exposure.Easier to obtain lots of small moves than 1 large hence reducing the risk of making losses.Flexibility to trade any time.No investment required.No calling, no sales, no targets.Attention Investors: Prevent unauthorised transactions in your trading account - Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock broker(s). Recieve information of your transactions directly from the exchanges on your mobile at the end of the day. ] Prevent unauthorised transactions in your demat account - update your mobile number with your Depositary Participant, to recieve alerts on your registered mobile number for all the debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/CDSL on the same day - Issues in the interest of the investors. ] Please note that we broker are undertaking Proprietary Trading in our own account in addition to Client base business. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in Securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Funds, etc.) you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. SEBI Notification for all investors including retail individual investors for all publc issues opening on or after January 01, 2016 - No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in the investors account. Memberships- BSE-Equity Segment:INB011108736 | BSE-Currency Segment:INE011108736 | BSE- Derivatives seg.:INF011160035 | NSE-Equity Segment:INB231108730 NSE-Currency Segment:INE231108730 | NSE- Derivatives seg.	INF231108730Registered Office (Daman) GST no:- 25AABCT1302N1ZK | Jaipur Branch GST no :- 08AABCT1302N1ZG | Head Office (Maharashtra) GST no:- 27AABCT1302N1ZG | Rajkot Branch GST No:- 24AABCT1302N1ZM© 2021 Total Securities Ltd.. Copyright@ TSL For queries / grievances, mail at investorgrievance.total@gmail.comPowered by WEBROCKCLOSE"
