"Emily Oster, comment? « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (824,365)Econometrics Discussion (51,625)Research / Journals (182,591)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,692)From the blogs (45,135)Conferences (22,129)Questions from prospective grad students (116,226)Econ Lounge (164,295)Latest Research Discussion (23,959)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (37,017)Software and Programming for Research (13,866)Macroeconomics (18,811)Microeconomics (9,120)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (318,143)General Economics Job Market Discussion (634,189)Micro Job Rumors (13,405)Macro Job Rumors (8,471)European Job Market (82,060)China Job Market (56,514)Industry Rumors (22,088)Off TopicOff Topic (2,133,738)Sport (81,601)Technology (51,460)Trash (47,175)Job MarketJob Market WikiUniversità di Roma Tor VergataPontificia Universidad JaverianaGraduate Institute GenevaMITJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesAmerican Economic ReviewHealth EconomicsGlobal Finance JournalIndustrial and Labor Relations ReviewJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..1 year - 156 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 560 Goods vs 261 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Off Topic » Off TopicEmily Oster, comment?Economistd501Pls cite one good study that shows that <4 drinks a week, no more than one drink a day, does any harm on any metricThis is the problem when ideology takes over logic.To meet the standard you want to see for evidence one would need to do an RCT in which some mothers are allowed / encouraged to drink. Given the KNOWN physiology of alcohol and therefore the POSSIBLE consequences no Ethics Board would allow you to run such an RCT - and for good reasons too. We thus need to trust our knowledge of alcohol and theories about how the body of a fetus might be affected and accept that that the best practice RECOMMENDS no alcohol. It is a recommendation, not a law, and you are free to do what you want. But dismissing the recommendation because you haven’t s seen evidence that it is bad is just plain stupid.1 year ago # QUOTE 8 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist04c9baffling. absolutely baffling. Does Oster in good conscious think alcoholics will stop at 1 sip? No I'm not buying the book to find out her suggested (maximum) amount. Absolutely irresponsible. If a relatively uneducated mother who has proof of purchase of the book and mistook it as a medical expert opinion and has a kid who suffers a problem related to that has grounds to sue imo (not necessarily win).A kid will have less IQ/more prone to health problem if the mom drinks during pregnancy. This is 100% fact and while Oster did whatever she really shouldn't be pushing that to everyday mothers (especially when many mothers are pregnant unexpectedly and probably don't always make the best decisions).1 year ago # QUOTE 9 Jab 2 No Jab !Economistad94God, this is so embarrassing. I am a health economist working in a group of tobacco/alcohol epidemiologists. Had a call yesterday with them and they made fun of economists because of this.1 year ago # QUOTE 10 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistad94AS someone pointed out earlier, the CDC, the American Pregnancy Association, the World Health Organization, National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, the March of Dimes, and others all prescribe no alcohol during pregnancy.But I am sure that economists with a LOT of knowledge of the causality chicken dance and millions of robustness checks know much better. Drink away and give your newborn baby your cool IV regression.1 year ago # QUOTE 11 Jab 2 No Jab !Economista5e6There are two groups in this thread, one has read medical literature, the other hasn't.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistd9eaThe two groups seem like a bunch of overconfident maga-bro grad students (and maybe a handful of older bachelors and men with stay at home spouses) vs. adult economists who are also parents of young children.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist6186Tens of thousands of papers on FAS. You've read them all, and understood them?There are two groups in this thread, one has read medical literature, the other hasn't.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5c28A broader issue is that this kind of thing ends up reflecting on all economists and the field in general. Any MD will hear that some economist has written this and laugh. The author may be fine and right in the head, but it is a stain on the profession in the way that it establishes false expertise while discrediting the medical establishment by someone not exhibiting any expertise except that of a researcher skeptical about research.1 year ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistad94This researcher is going off the tangent with this weird obsession of alcohol during pregnancy. Weird.1 year ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistb3a9This is exactly the problem -- \"do no harm\" is a fiction, and a harmful one. You can't do no harm. *Every* choice has costs and benefits.I don't think Hippocrates had opportunity cost in mind when he said \"do no harm\". I think he meant actual physical harm.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistd9eaSo what? What exactly is the rationale for organizing medicine on the basis of the opinions of some dude who lived over 2000 years? Surely we've learned something about optimal decision making since then.This is exactly the problem -- \"do no harm\" is a fiction, and a harmful one. You can't do no harm. *Every* choice has costs and benefits.I don't think Hippocrates had opportunity cost in mind when he said \"do no harm\". I think he meant actual physical harm.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistcf66EO's mother clearly hit the bottle during pregnancy, knowutimsayin?1 year ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist0ae3Italian here. Everyone was telling my pregnant wife that one glass of wine per week is fine. Doctors, friends, relatives, doctor friends and relative who were doctors.I had to fight hard to keep it at one sip a month, I was practically viewed as a tyrant.I agree in principle with eo, I just didn't want to mess up my kid's brain.1 year ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist3757http://chrisauld.com/2013/10/23/18-signs-youre-reading-bad-criticism-of-economics/ - that`s roughly what doctors would think about bunch of clowns in this thread. \"Unlearning medicine\" guys are claiming that they understand more medicine than experts in the area with decades of training.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista675This is what happens when you do statistics with no underlying theory. You are willing to make conclusions that contradict science (which has an underlying theory).Thank you Mrs. Oyster for being the perfect example of why applied micro no good.1 year ago # QUOTE 7 Jab 1 No Jab !Economist675cHow can Oyster be so irresponsible? If she were to say that studies do not know the safe limit, that's fine... but she is conflating absence of evidence with evidence of absence. That's failing stats 101 course...1 year ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist675cWhat baffles me is - how can't anyone stop drinking for 9 months, unless you have an alcoholism problem? Stop smoking pot for 9 months, stop smoking cigarettes for 9 months, and stop drinking for 9 months. What is the big deal here? You can go back to it after if you want.What kind of society do we live in, that refraining from alcohol consumption for 9 months is considered a huge effort, and some economist goes to the trouble of misinterpreting evidence to justify a potentially dangerous habit?Italian here. Everyone was telling my pregnant wife that one glass of wine per week is fine. Doctors, friends, relatives, doctor friends and relative who were doctors.I had to fight hard to keep it at one sip a month, I was practically viewed as a tyrant.I agree in principle with eo, I just didn't want to mess up my kid's brain.1 year ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 1 No Jab !« Previous1…78ReplyPost	I was excited to read this book - I bought it online when I found out I was expecting a child. There is a lot of hokum and pseudoscience surrounding pregnancy and health. I wanted a book that would cut through that and give an evidence-based survey of pregnancy-related topics, and hear the scientific community's consensus (as much as they have one) on those topics. However, I was shocked seeing a review on the book talking about the \"myth\" that alcohol is inadvisable during pregnancy. Certainly the author isn't advising any amount of alcohol is advisable, given the overwhelmingly consensus on the issue from public health advocates? I immediately read the entire alcohol part of the book. I soon learned not only would this book not provide me with the best evidence from health advocacy groups and scientist groups, they would provide evidence that directly contradicted it. The author says it's fine to drink some alcohol during pregnancy, and details how much and why she thinks this. She walks through studies and literature on the topic that she examined. Given that the CDC, the American Pregnancy Association, the World Health Organization, National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, the March of Dimes, and others all agree and firmly say the best advice is to abstain from alcohol completely, I really needed an extraordinary explanation from the author as to why I should ignore those experts. Not surprisingly, I found her analysis underwhelming and unpersuasive, and not worthy of ignoring the consensus shared by experts in the field. Ask yourself, who is a more trusted source? An economist writing a book to a mass audience for profit, or the March of Dimes, the CDC, WHO, American Pregnancy Association, the UK Health Ministry, Fetal Alcohol Syndrome scientists and advocacy groups? Do all those independent groups have a profit motive to give distorted and wrong health advice? And fetal alcohol syndrome is not some one in a million risk that parents shouldn't really worry about. A recent study showed 1% to 5% of kids studied had fetal alcohol syndrome disorder, and it was being chronically under-diagnosed. To be fair, while this has been the consensus for a while, you could find outliers when the author first wrote this book. For example, the UK's health ministry used not advise against very light alcohol use, but they have since examined emerging research on fetal alcohol syndrome disorder (FASD) and they now say the best advice is to abstain completely - joining the consensus among other health groups like CDC, WHO, etc. So has the author been concerned about the emerging evidence since she wrote this book? I saw Dr. Oster was asked about recent studies showing that even light alcohol use was unsafe during pregnancy by a health journalist, and her answer was illuminating. Dr. Oster basically said for those studies she'd want to see them be replicated and more details about the links between behavior and harm. That's fine (we should fund lots of replication studies!), but note when she looked at studies that didn't find a danger for pregnant women to drink moderately - she didn't say \"well I'm going to wait to see if these can be replicated and more detail provided\" - she took them to the bank and said you can make conclusive decisions about your child's health outcomes based on these studies. I would agree there is not an abundance of studies showing that a tiny amount of alcohol will lead to significant medical risks. But there have also been no similar studies showing that having one cigarette (or two, or three) during your pregnancy is a significant risk. So in this book, does the author similarly suggest smoking a very small amount of tobacco is perfectly acceptable, given the absence of studies? No, she follows the scientific consensus here. Why the double standard? With things that pose a serious risk to children (like lead paint), we may not ever know exactly where the line is between what is harmless and what will irreversibly harm a child. When the activity is something that is avoidable, the scientific community generally urges avoiding it entirely. I'm sure Dr. Oster is well-intentioned, but this is a book about health written for profit to a popular audience, and even in the best circumstances that is a fraught situation. There is a profitable market for people with academic credibility to sell a message that, while it goes against the consensus of the public health community, it's something many people want to hear. I hope the book gets updated with the many advances in our understanding of FASD, or at least explains why they have a double standard on very light tobacco use.Send Post »Markup: a blockquote code em strong ul ol li.Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
