"Top Ten Possible New Jobs in the Future - TheTopTensAll Lists Newest Add List For YouAll Top Ten ListsLifestyleJobs and CareersTop Ten Possible New Jobs in the FutureSpanning from the next few decades to a century (and potentially further) as technology slowly continues to advance, brand new jobs could start to exist and some could possibly become relevant in the future. Here are some new jobs that could possibly be relevant in the future. Note: These are just predictions, and are often highly inaccurate and not meant to be taken too seriously.The Top Ten1 A.I. Robot MaintenanceDuring the birth of machine learning and automations, there could be plenty of obstacles to face in the rise of artificial intelligence. Glitches could probably occur and thus various robots will malfunction in ways some may not understand. These workers in the career field are responsible for fixing broken robot parts, getting rid of unnecessary data, or fixing and updating code. Possibly in the next three decades, this job could be the main trend among first world countries.2 Asteroid MinerAsteroid mining is expensive, and most of all extremely risky, and it could be not worth it unless we consider alternative usage of fuel and materials. Precise planning is also required to effectively gain benefit from this job in order to catch an asteroid, but it is still a possibility. If the issue of space junk cluttered around the earth has been resolved, asteroid mining could soon be the trend in the next several decades or so.3 Fossil ResurrectorThis may seem impossible at this current decade, but it could be possible some time somewhere around the next century. I can't explain this one precisely, because we still don't know enough about fossils, especially the dinosaur-age ones, and there could be still plenty of fossils to discover. Eventually, scientists could find a clever way to resurrect previously extinct animals, and this job could be very important in the far future since various wildlife that are necessary for the ecosystem are likely to be extinct.4 Disaster PredictorThis could be important for the far future, but we are still so far away since weather prediction can be often inaccurate, although it can be accurate at times, but it's not precise. In the next century if we have a technology necessary to predict various disasters like earthquakes and volcanoes, these people in this career field will write out stats and educated guesses of when will that disaster occur. If done correctly, this will assure people will be safe and evacuate at the right time, thus preventing casualties.5 Drone ManagementAs drones are slowly climbing up the top, this could be the rising trend soon, possibly in the next decade and so on. Drones are slowly covering multiple purposes, and could be the assistants on city services soon. Drone Managers will be able to control multiple drones, but will mostly control air traffic and initiate commands and directions.6 Smart City ManagerIn the next few decades, \"smart\" apps, homes, and various devices are widespread throughout the urban cities and countrysides. The most important city services could be also automated and could be operated digitally. Smart city managers/analysts are responsible for observing digital data circulating around the cities and ensure that nothing's going out of the ordinary.7 Robot Emergency DispatcherIf robots and drones were to be widespread, this could potentially replace firefighters, policemen, and other emergency services, although not entirely, but reduce some of the number of human emergency service.8 RewilderIn the next century, plants, animals, and trees would be scarce and less diverse due to pollution, overpopulation, and expansion of civilization, and there could be pollution remnants laying around on the air, water, or soil lasting for years. Rewilders will be able to solve this major problem by cleaning harmful pollutants, help reconstruct nature and biodiversity for wildlife, and replant the trees that have been long lost.9 A.I. InstructorIn the case if robot intelligence isn't enough or doesn't seem to perform properly, AI instructors may provide various specialized tasks for robots in order to gather necessary data in order to achieve maximum efficiency. This pretty much functions as a teacher although for teaching robots to perform the best.10 Space Tour GuideSpace travel seems fun at first glance, but it is risky due to various obstacles such as radiation, space debris and asteroids, plus the amount of fuel we have to put in for space travel. If space travel becomes possible (likely close to the next century), this could be a fun job (only to those who can tolerate the unfortunate effects of motion sickness). It's similar like a travel guide, but it's (of course) based on space and you could potentially earn a blast from this career.The Contenders11 Space Junk RecyclerSpace debris has been long an issue, and it definitely needs to be fixed in order for space travel to be safe. However, this is a dangerous job, requires plenty of planning/strategies and it's not for the faint of heart. Alternatively as machine learning becomes more prominent, they could possibly develop specialized robots in order to clean the space debris wandering around our earth, but it should be consistently and realistically planned or else these robots could possibly collide with the space debris thus creating more debris around the earth.BAdd New ItemFeaturedPopularLatestTop 10 Best Things that Have Happened in 2021Top 10 Important Things Nobody Pays Attention To Top 10 Best Movies of 2020 Top 10 Best Songs of 2020 Countries With the Most COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Cases Best Cell Phone Services Best Digital Camera Brands Best Home Workout Programs Best Mountain Bike Brands Best Car Tire BrandsMore Jobs and Careers ListsTop Ten Dream Jobs Top 10 Most Badass Jobs Best Jobs in the World Best Sales Jobs Available Now and Forever Top Ten Jobs that Could Disappear in the Future Top Ten Possible New Jobs in the Future Top Ten Unusual Job Interview Questions Top Ten Jobs that Could Survive in the Future Top 10 Important Skills & Qualities Required for Jobs Top Ten IT Jobs in the USA Top 10 Fictional Jobs and Occupations You'd Most Like to Have Most Unfortunate JobsMore Lifestyle ListsTop 10 Worst Things About the \"Holiday Season\" Top 10 Best Ways to Save Money Top Ten Fun Skills to Learn Top 10 Traditional Skills Top 10 Things People Eventually Grow Out Of Things to Do During the Coronavirus Outbreak Most Beautiful Things to Look At Top Ten Reasons Why The George Floyd Riots Are Terrible Top 10 Most Memorable Sounds From Your Childhood Top Ten Things that Hold Us Back from Being What We Want to Be Top 10 Things to Do While in Quarantine Best Six Flags Theme Parks Top 10 Things that are Considered Good Luck Things That Are Considered Bad Luck Most Traumatizing Things that Can Happen to a Person Top 10 Predictions for a Post COVID-19 Society Top 10 Things People Should Do in September 2020 to Help Reduce Covid-19 Cases Top 10 Illegal Things that People Do AnywayTerms | Privacy | Copyright | FAQ©2005-2021 TheTopTens® All rights reserved."
