"Jobs in Fort Belvoir | JobslogJobsCompaniesPost a JobPost a ResumeResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobPost a ResumeResume SearchPricingBlogModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs23 jobs found in Fort BelvoirRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisTelecommunications Engineering SMEData Systems Analysts Inc. (DSA) Fort Belvoir, VA, USADSA recognizes that the global spread of COVID-19 is a challenging time for everyone. Our #1 priority is the health and safety of our workforce, guests and candidates, and we provide the necessary supplies to maintain safety in the work place. Due to the current situation surrounding COVID-19 , our response time and scheduling of interviews may increase. DSA is looking to fill various positions despite the COVID-19 and are managing our workforce within the compliance of all state requirements. Data Systems Analysts, Inc. is searching for a Telecommunications Engineering Specialist Subject Matter Expert to oversee the design, network architecture of networks in support of P2E and customer operations in multiple areas of operations. Additionally, the Network Engineer will: - Provide testing support for P2E programs based on hardware, software, firmware, and other media to deliver critical functionality to DoD users. - Be involved in vendor...Jan 27, 2021Full timeDSA recognizes that the global spread of COVID-19 is a challenging time for everyone. Our #1 priority is the health and safety of our workforce, guests and candidates, and we provide the necessary supplies to maintain safety in the work place. Due to the current situation surrounding COVID-19 , our response time and scheduling of interviews may increase. DSA is looking to fill various positions despite the COVID-19 and are managing our workforce within the compliance of all state requirements. Data Systems Analysts, Inc. is searching for a Telecommunications Engineering Specialist Subject Matter Expert to oversee the design, network architecture of networks in support of P2E and customer operations in multiple areas of operations. Additionally, the Network Engineer will: - Provide testing support for P2E programs based on hardware, software, firmware, and other media to deliver critical functionality to DoD users. - Be involved in vendor...Information Operations Social Media LeadPerspecta Fort Belvoir, VA, USABusiness Group Highlights Intelligence The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions. Responsibilities The Information Operations (IO) Social Media Lead is responsible for leading a team countering hostile and adversary activities in the Information Environment (IE) through online passive monitoring and active engagement while providing a capability to provide early warning of adversary activity against US and DoD objectives. Responsible for leading a team of personnel that that will analyze Publically Available Information within the IE, identify Indications and Warnings, and deliver approved content to...Jan 27, 2021Full timeBusiness Group Highlights Intelligence The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions. Responsibilities The Information Operations (IO) Social Media Lead is responsible for leading a team countering hostile and adversary activities in the Information Environment (IE) through online passive monitoring and active engagement while providing a capability to provide early warning of adversary activity against US and DoD objectives. Responsible for leading a team of personnel that that will analyze Publically Available Information within the IE, identify Indications and Warnings, and deliver approved content to...Intelligence Analyst, Lead (MV) - 35322Alion Science and Technology Corporation Fort Belvoir, VA, USAUnder the general direction of an Associate Principal Intelligence Analyst, and/or Program Manager, and within the scope of work derived from a contract with a government customer, the Lead Intelligence Analyst performs multi-faceted assignments requiring the analysis and synthesis of complex systems and projects. A trained and seasoned intelligence professional that advises, assists, and drives open source collection and analysis for geographic combatant commands (GCC), theater sub-unified commands, and theater special operations command (TSOC) priorities in the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command (INDOPACOM) area of responsibility. The Lead Intelligence Analyst assists in the development of open source collection efforts through all source analysis and provides input to the Commander through intelligence products, fused operational support packages, and briefings. They must be an expert in their respective field and in certain client communities, which requires a thorough knowledge of...Jan 27, 2021Under the general direction of an Associate Principal Intelligence Analyst, and/or Program Manager, and within the scope of work derived from a contract with a government customer, the Lead Intelligence Analyst performs multi-faceted assignments requiring the analysis and synthesis of complex systems and projects. A trained and seasoned intelligence professional that advises, assists, and drives open source collection and analysis for geographic combatant commands (GCC), theater sub-unified commands, and theater special operations command (TSOC) priorities in the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command (INDOPACOM) area of responsibility. The Lead Intelligence Analyst assists in the development of open source collection efforts through all source analysis and provides input to the Commander through intelligence products, fused operational support packages, and briefings. They must be an expert in their respective field and in certain client communities, which requires a thorough knowledge of...Project CoordinatorSystek (Systems Technologies) Fort Belvoir, VA, USALocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Administrative SUMMARY The Project Coordinator assists in tracking, compiling, and analyzing program documentation and financial data. This position is located at Ft. Belvoir, VA. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide general, holistic project management support for the DoD customer to include providing recommendations to program leadership to ensure the effective operations for various project tasks. Coordinate/monitor the execution of funding in support of assigned projects IAW PEO/DA/DOD and other Federal Regulations. Monitor and report performance against plans to ensure that contractual, cost, and schedule objectives are met. Assign project resources and analyze project life cycle. Assist in the formulation and definition of project scope and plans and facilitate team to identify solution options, feasibility, and determine best viable options. Participate in improving internal and external processes to increase efficiencies and...Jan 26, 2021Full timeLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Administrative SUMMARY The Project Coordinator assists in tracking, compiling, and analyzing program documentation and financial data. This position is located at Ft. Belvoir, VA. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide general, holistic project management support for the DoD customer to include providing recommendations to program leadership to ensure the effective operations for various project tasks. Coordinate/monitor the execution of funding in support of assigned projects IAW PEO/DA/DOD and other Federal Regulations. Monitor and report performance against plans to ensure that contractual, cost, and schedule objectives are met. Assign project resources and analyze project life cycle. Assist in the formulation and definition of project scope and plans and facilitate team to identify solution options, feasibility, and determine best viable options. Participate in improving internal and external processes to increase efficiencies and...EO/IR EngineerDCS Corp Fort Belvoir, VA, USAProvide on-site/telework electro-optical engineering support to U.S. Army Product Manager Ground Sensors. Essential Job Functions: Review technical data packages, drawings, reports, logistics products, etc. and provide technical recommendations and risk assessments. Define and develop system requirements and allocation of System and Subsystem requirements Ensure the design of subsystems and integration of total systems. Conduct root cause corrective action investigations into mechanical, electrical, and optical failures throughout hardware qualification testing and ensure corrective actions are implemented correctly and robustly. Recommend courses of action for leadership with a balance of cost, schedule, and performance when making recommendations to leadership Assist in development of necessary program and acquisition documentation, to include but not limited to, the Acquisition Plan, Acquisition Strategy, Source Selection Plan, and Requests for Information, Requests for...Jan 25, 2021Full timeProvide on-site/telework electro-optical engineering support to U.S. Army Product Manager Ground Sensors. Essential Job Functions: Review technical data packages, drawings, reports, logistics products, etc. and provide technical recommendations and risk assessments. Define and develop system requirements and allocation of System and Subsystem requirements Ensure the design of subsystems and integration of total systems. Conduct root cause corrective action investigations into mechanical, electrical, and optical failures throughout hardware qualification testing and ensure corrective actions are implemented correctly and robustly. Recommend courses of action for leadership with a balance of cost, schedule, and performance when making recommendations to leadership Assist in development of necessary program and acquisition documentation, to include but not limited to, the Acquisition Plan, Acquisition Strategy, Source Selection Plan, and Requests for Information, Requests for...Intelligence Analyst, Lead (MV) - 35322Alion Science and Technology Corporation Fort Belvoir, VA, USAUnder the general direction of an Associate Principal Intelligence Analyst, and/or Program Manager, and within the scope of work derived from a contract with a government customer, the Lead Intelligence Analyst performs multi-faceted assignments requiring the analysis and synthesis of complex systems and projects. A trained and seasoned intelligence professional that advises, assists, and drives open source collection and analysis for geographic combatant commands (GCC), theater sub-unified commands, and theater special operations command (TSOC) priorities in the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command (INDOPACOM) area of responsibility. The Lead Intelligence Analyst assists in the development of open source collection efforts through all source analysis and provides input to the Commander through intelligence products, fused operational support packages, and briefings. They must be an expert in their respective field and in certain client communities, which requires a thorough knowledge of...Jan 25, 2021Full timeUnder the general direction of an Associate Principal Intelligence Analyst, and/or Program Manager, and within the scope of work derived from a contract with a government customer, the Lead Intelligence Analyst performs multi-faceted assignments requiring the analysis and synthesis of complex systems and projects. A trained and seasoned intelligence professional that advises, assists, and drives open source collection and analysis for geographic combatant commands (GCC), theater sub-unified commands, and theater special operations command (TSOC) priorities in the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command (INDOPACOM) area of responsibility. The Lead Intelligence Analyst assists in the development of open source collection efforts through all source analysis and provides input to the Commander through intelligence products, fused operational support packages, and briefings. They must be an expert in their respective field and in certain client communities, which requires a thorough knowledge of...Chief Information Officer (CIO)/G6 Various Positions AvailableCommand Post Technologies Fort Belvoir, VA, USADescription: Command Post Technologies is seeking experienced technical personnel currently or previously providing services to the Chief Information Officer (CIO)/G6 Cybersecurity Directorate at Fort Belvoir, VA . The contract provides support for tasks in the Cybersecurity Directorate for Army-wide execution of a broad range of Cybersecurity initiatives. The Cybersecurity Directorate executes the Army's Senior Information Security Officer (SISO) duties per AR 25-2, and Army Senior Information Security Officers duties per the Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) including the entire Cybersecurity spectrum. The Cybersecurity Directorate mission is to provide Cybersecurity product expertise; policy and tactics, techniques and procedures expertise; and technical, management, and administrative support services to support cybersecurity initiatives. Responsibilities include providing support to the following: Cybersecurity policy and procedures...Jan 22, 2021Full timeDescription: Command Post Technologies is seeking experienced technical personnel currently or previously providing services to the Chief Information Officer (CIO)/G6 Cybersecurity Directorate at Fort Belvoir, VA . The contract provides support for tasks in the Cybersecurity Directorate for Army-wide execution of a broad range of Cybersecurity initiatives. The Cybersecurity Directorate executes the Army's Senior Information Security Officer (SISO) duties per AR 25-2, and Army Senior Information Security Officers duties per the Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) including the entire Cybersecurity spectrum. The Cybersecurity Directorate mission is to provide Cybersecurity product expertise; policy and tactics, techniques and procedures expertise; and technical, management, and administrative support services to support cybersecurity initiatives. Responsibilities include providing support to the following: Cybersecurity policy and procedures...Network EngineerSystek (Systems Technologies) Fort Belvoir, VA, USALocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Engineer NETWORK ENGINEER The Network Engineer shall provide support for our DoD customer at Fort Belvoir. RESPONSIBILITIES Design, evaluate and provide written documentation for various government enterprise campus area networks and/or LAN/MAN/WAN designs or existing architecture. Provide written and oral evaluation/documentation/assessments for system/network component design specifications, installation instructions, and other network components. Collaborate with other network engineers, software developers, cyber security personnel to provide substantive and meaningful recommendations, design solutions and/or integration or modernization of network infrastructure/system components, i.e. COT integration. Evaluate current or emerging technologies to consider factors such as cost, portability, security, compatibility, or usability. Develop and test system integration implementation plans. Design, conduct, or review...Jan 22, 2021Full timeLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Engineer NETWORK ENGINEER The Network Engineer shall provide support for our DoD customer at Fort Belvoir. RESPONSIBILITIES Design, evaluate and provide written documentation for various government enterprise campus area networks and/or LAN/MAN/WAN designs or existing architecture. Provide written and oral evaluation/documentation/assessments for system/network component design specifications, installation instructions, and other network components. Collaborate with other network engineers, software developers, cyber security personnel to provide substantive and meaningful recommendations, design solutions and/or integration or modernization of network infrastructure/system components, i.e. COT integration. Evaluate current or emerging technologies to consider factors such as cost, portability, security, compatibility, or usability. Develop and test system integration implementation plans. Design, conduct, or review...SATCOM Systems EngineerSystek (Systems Technologies) Fort Belvoir, VA, USALocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Engineer SATCOM SYSTEMS ENGINEER The SATCOM Systems Engineer will provide technical analysis and guidance in support of SATCOM acquisition initiatives by Product Manager, Wideband Enterprise Satellite Systems (PdM WESS). This position is located in Orlando, FL. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide technical expertise relevant to SATCOM modems, L-Band IF architecture, Digital IF architecture and associated subsystems. Deliver technical analysis, performance requirements, design review, integration support and consultation on complex problems. Provide systems engineering required to upgrade and modernize DoD SATCOM Gateway terminal equipment and to support the Earth segment architecture transition to Digital IF. Provide technical support for DoD SATCOM equipment development. Apply key subject matter expertise on modems, DSP and SATCOM technology to customer activities as requested. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in Electrical...Jan 22, 2021Full timeLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Engineer SATCOM SYSTEMS ENGINEER The SATCOM Systems Engineer will provide technical analysis and guidance in support of SATCOM acquisition initiatives by Product Manager, Wideband Enterprise Satellite Systems (PdM WESS). This position is located in Orlando, FL. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide technical expertise relevant to SATCOM modems, L-Band IF architecture, Digital IF architecture and associated subsystems. Deliver technical analysis, performance requirements, design review, integration support and consultation on complex problems. Provide systems engineering required to upgrade and modernize DoD SATCOM Gateway terminal equipment and to support the Earth segment architecture transition to Digital IF. Provide technical support for DoD SATCOM equipment development. Apply key subject matter expertise on modems, DSP and SATCOM technology to customer activities as requested. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in Electrical...Budget AnalystGlobal Systems Engineering Fort Belvoir, VA, USAGlobal Systems Engineering (GSE)is a HUBZone small business that supports the federal government with a variety of high-end technical and engineering services. We are responsive to our customer's needs, which change often. This creates a fast-paced environment where priorities can shift and tasks may require short deadlines. GSE is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Budget Analyst to join our team at Fort Belvoir, Virginia, providing unparalleled support to our customer and in an exciting and rewarding career. This position provides Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS) to the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA), Nuclear Technologies Department, developing capabilities that enable an effective nuclear deterrent, integrate conventional forces to operate effectively in a nuclear environment, and counter nuclear threat networks. The successful candidate will assist in the development of acquisition packages supporting research and development efforts...Jan 22, 2021Full timeGlobal Systems Engineering (GSE)is a HUBZone small business that supports the federal government with a variety of high-end technical and engineering services. We are responsive to our customer's needs, which change often. This creates a fast-paced environment where priorities can shift and tasks may require short deadlines. GSE is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Budget Analyst to join our team at Fort Belvoir, Virginia, providing unparalleled support to our customer and in an exciting and rewarding career. This position provides Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS) to the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA), Nuclear Technologies Department, developing capabilities that enable an effective nuclear deterrent, integrate conventional forces to operate effectively in a nuclear environment, and counter nuclear threat networks. The successful candidate will assist in the development of acquisition packages supporting research and development efforts...Project CoordinatorSystek (Systems Technologies) Fort Belvoir, VA, USALocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Administrative SUMMARY The Project Coordinator assists in tracking, compiling, and analyzing program documentation and financial data. This position is located at Ft. Belvoir, VA. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide general, holistic project management support for the DoD customer to include providing recommendations to program leadership to ensure the effective operations for various project tasks. Coordinate/monitor the execution of funding in support of assigned projects IAW PEO/DA/DOD and other Federal Regulations. Monitor and report performance against plans to ensure that contractual, cost, and schedule objectives are met. Assign project resources and analyze project life cycle. Assist in the formulation and definition of project scope and plans and facilitate team to identify solution options, feasibility, and determine best viable options. Participate in improving internal and external processes to increase efficiencies and...Jan 22, 2021Full timeLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Administrative SUMMARY The Project Coordinator assists in tracking, compiling, and analyzing program documentation and financial data. This position is located at Ft. Belvoir, VA. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide general, holistic project management support for the DoD customer to include providing recommendations to program leadership to ensure the effective operations for various project tasks. Coordinate/monitor the execution of funding in support of assigned projects IAW PEO/DA/DOD and other Federal Regulations. Monitor and report performance against plans to ensure that contractual, cost, and schedule objectives are met. Assign project resources and analyze project life cycle. Assist in the formulation and definition of project scope and plans and facilitate team to identify solution options, feasibility, and determine best viable options. Participate in improving internal and external processes to increase efficiencies and...Materials Engineer I_SPEDCS Corp Fort Belvoir, VA, USAThe Materials Engineer serves as subject matter expert in the area of material engineering for all technical aspects of assigned programs. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for planning, organizing, and conducting exploratory, advanced, and engineering development as well as production engineering studies/programs for new and improved items for combat use under various battlefield and urban terrain conditions. Performs systems engineering and integration with other items of clothing and individual equipment, weapon systems, combat vehicles and airframes, etc. Plans design approach from statements of requirements, and conducts studies for the purpose of developing new and improved products and component materials. Interprets, defines or creates technical drawings, specifications, and physical characteristics/properties of items as they affect the design, development, manufacture, end-item use. Considers the properties of various textile, chemical, plastic, ceramic,...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Materials Engineer serves as subject matter expert in the area of material engineering for all technical aspects of assigned programs. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for planning, organizing, and conducting exploratory, advanced, and engineering development as well as production engineering studies/programs for new and improved items for combat use under various battlefield and urban terrain conditions. Performs systems engineering and integration with other items of clothing and individual equipment, weapon systems, combat vehicles and airframes, etc. Plans design approach from statements of requirements, and conducts studies for the purpose of developing new and improved products and component materials. Interprets, defines or creates technical drawings, specifications, and physical characteristics/properties of items as they affect the design, development, manufacture, end-item use. Considers the properties of various textile, chemical, plastic, ceramic,...Petroleum Supply Specialist (92F)Army National Guard Fort Belvoir, VA, USAFuel is one of the most vital components of the Army National Guard. It's what keeps Soldiers pushing onward, and as a Petroleum Supply Specialist, you'll make sure they'll never run out. In this position, you will ensure the proper handling, storage, and shipment of petroleum-based products, such as oil, fuel, and compressed gas. Petroleum Supply Specialists primarily supervise and manage the reception, storage, and shipping of bulk or packaged petroleum products. This may include operating specialized pumping equipment to load trucks, ships, trains, and aircraft; selecting and submitting samples of petroleum-based products for testing; performing petroleum and water accounting activities; testing petroleum samples for contamination, repairing specialized equipment, and being knowledgeable about facility safety procedures and storage guidelines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Petroleum Supply Specialists take on management duties, such as...Jan 20, 2021Full timeFuel is one of the most vital components of the Army National Guard. It's what keeps Soldiers pushing onward, and as a Petroleum Supply Specialist, you'll make sure they'll never run out. In this position, you will ensure the proper handling, storage, and shipment of petroleum-based products, such as oil, fuel, and compressed gas. Petroleum Supply Specialists primarily supervise and manage the reception, storage, and shipping of bulk or packaged petroleum products. This may include operating specialized pumping equipment to load trucks, ships, trains, and aircraft; selecting and submitting samples of petroleum-based products for testing; performing petroleum and water accounting activities; testing petroleum samples for contamination, repairing specialized equipment, and being knowledgeable about facility safety procedures and storage guidelines. As your skills increase, so will your responsibilities. Advanced Petroleum Supply Specialists take on management duties, such as...Senior Principal Systems EngineerSaic Fort Belvoir, VA, USAJob ID: Location: FORT BELVOIR , VA , US Date Posted: 2021-01-04 Category: Engineering and Sciences Subcategory: Sys Integration Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time Minimum Clearance Required: TS/SCI Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: TS/SCI with Poly Potential for Remote Work: Yes Description SAIC has an opportunity for a Sr Principal Systems Engineer at INSCOM. The Sr Principal Systems Engineer will work within the Intelligence Community collaborating in technical design, deployment and infrastructure maintenance of systems crucial to national security. Note: This role offers temporary work from home/ remote/ virtual work at home due to COVID-19. Eventually the work will go back onsite Ft Belvoir, VA. Key duties/responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Translates the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) operational intelligence requirements into...Jan 20, 2021Full timeJob ID: Location: FORT BELVOIR , VA , US Date Posted: 2021-01-04 Category: Engineering and Sciences Subcategory: Sys Integration Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time Minimum Clearance Required: TS/SCI Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: TS/SCI with Poly Potential for Remote Work: Yes Description SAIC has an opportunity for a Sr Principal Systems Engineer at INSCOM. The Sr Principal Systems Engineer will work within the Intelligence Community collaborating in technical design, deployment and infrastructure maintenance of systems crucial to national security. Note: This role offers temporary work from home/ remote/ virtual work at home due to COVID-19. Eventually the work will go back onsite Ft Belvoir, VA. Key duties/responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Translates the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) operational intelligence requirements into...Materials Engineer II_SPEDCS Corp Fort Belvoir, VA, USAThe Materials Engineer serves as subject matter expert in the area of material engineering for all technical aspects of assigned programs. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for planning, organizing, and conducting exploratory, advanced, and engineering development as well as production engineering studies/programs for new and improved items for combat use under various battlefield and urban terrain conditions. Performs systems engineering and integration with other items of clothing and individual equipment, weapon systems, combat vehicles and airframes, etc. Plans design approach from statements of requirements, and conducts studies for the purpose of developing new and improved products and component materials. Interprets, defines or creates technical drawings, specifications, and physical characteristics/properties of items as they affect the design, development, manufacture, end-item use. Considers the properties of various textile, chemical, plastic, ceramic,...Jan 20, 2021Full timeThe Materials Engineer serves as subject matter expert in the area of material engineering for all technical aspects of assigned programs. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for planning, organizing, and conducting exploratory, advanced, and engineering development as well as production engineering studies/programs for new and improved items for combat use under various battlefield and urban terrain conditions. Performs systems engineering and integration with other items of clothing and individual equipment, weapon systems, combat vehicles and airframes, etc. Plans design approach from statements of requirements, and conducts studies for the purpose of developing new and improved products and component materials. Interprets, defines or creates technical drawings, specifications, and physical characteristics/properties of items as they affect the design, development, manufacture, end-item use. Considers the properties of various textile, chemical, plastic, ceramic,...Human Resources Specialist (42A)Army National Guard Fort Belvoir, VA, USAWhen a Soldier has a question about benefits, policy, or needs help with a sensitive issue, the Army National Guard's Human Resources Specialist is the primary go-to person. As an HR Specialist, you will help Soldiers develop their Guard careers and provide personnel support and assistance to all divisions within the Guard. Specific responsibilities of the HR Specialist may include: organizing, maintaining, and reviewing personnel records; data entry and retrieval; processing recommendations; arranging awards ceremonies; preparing, updating, and coordinating requests for evaluations; preparing and monitoring Soldier requests for ID cards and tags, leaves of absence, and passes; ordering and maintaining office supplies; and maintaining filing systems. Job Duties * Assist on all human resource support matters * Oversight of all strength management and strength distribution actions * Responsible for the readiness, health, and welfare of all Soldiers * Postal and personnel...Jan 19, 2021Full timeWhen a Soldier has a question about benefits, policy, or needs help with a sensitive issue, the Army National Guard's Human Resources Specialist is the primary go-to person. As an HR Specialist, you will help Soldiers develop their Guard careers and provide personnel support and assistance to all divisions within the Guard. Specific responsibilities of the HR Specialist may include: organizing, maintaining, and reviewing personnel records; data entry and retrieval; processing recommendations; arranging awards ceremonies; preparing, updating, and coordinating requests for evaluations; preparing and monitoring Soldier requests for ID cards and tags, leaves of absence, and passes; ordering and maintaining office supplies; and maintaining filing systems. Job Duties * Assist on all human resource support matters * Oversight of all strength management and strength distribution actions * Responsible for the readiness, health, and welfare of all Soldiers * Postal and personnel...Materials Engineer III_SPEDCS Corp Fort Belvoir, VA, USAThe Materials Engineer serves as subject matter expert in the area of material engineering for all technical aspects of assigned programs. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for planning, organizing, and conducting exploratory, advanced, and engineering development as well as production engineering studies/programs for new and improved items for combat use under various battlefield and urban terrain conditions. Performs systems engineering and integration with other items of clothing and individual equipment, weapon systems, combat vehicles and airframes, etc. Plans design approach from statements of requirements, and conducts studies for the purpose of developing new and improved products and component materials. Interprets, defines or creates technical drawings, specifications, and physical characteristics/properties of items as they affect the design, development, manufacture, end-item use. Considers the properties of various textile, chemical, plastic, ceramic,...Jan 14, 2021Full timeThe Materials Engineer serves as subject matter expert in the area of material engineering for all technical aspects of assigned programs. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for planning, organizing, and conducting exploratory, advanced, and engineering development as well as production engineering studies/programs for new and improved items for combat use under various battlefield and urban terrain conditions. Performs systems engineering and integration with other items of clothing and individual equipment, weapon systems, combat vehicles and airframes, etc. Plans design approach from statements of requirements, and conducts studies for the purpose of developing new and improved products and component materials. Interprets, defines or creates technical drawings, specifications, and physical characteristics/properties of items as they affect the design, development, manufacture, end-item use. Considers the properties of various textile, chemical, plastic, ceramic,...25U Signal Support Systems SpecialistArmy National Guard Fort Belvoir, VA, USACommunication is the pulse of Army National Guard units, and it's up to the Signal Support Systems Specialist to ensure the information keeps flowing so the military doesn't miss a beat. Signal Support Systems Specialists are responsible for integrating signal systems and networks; performing signal support functions and unit-level maintenance on authorized signal equipment; and installing, operating, and maintaining radio and data distribution systems. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers; maintain and install signal support systems and terminal devices; provide technical assistance and training for automation and communications equipment; prepare maintenance and supply requests for unit-level signal support; and operate and perform preventative maintenance checks and services on assigned vehicles. Job Duties • Maintain radio and data distribution systems • Perform signal support functions and technical assistance for computer systems • Provide...Jan 10, 2021Full timeCommunication is the pulse of Army National Guard units, and it's up to the Signal Support Systems Specialist to ensure the information keeps flowing so the military doesn't miss a beat. Signal Support Systems Specialists are responsible for integrating signal systems and networks; performing signal support functions and unit-level maintenance on authorized signal equipment; and installing, operating, and maintaining radio and data distribution systems. Advanced team members supervise and train other Soldiers; maintain and install signal support systems and terminal devices; provide technical assistance and training for automation and communications equipment; prepare maintenance and supply requests for unit-level signal support; and operate and perform preventative maintenance checks and services on assigned vehicles. Job Duties • Maintain radio and data distribution systems • Perform signal support functions and technical assistance for computer systems • Provide...SATCOM EngineerSystek (Systems Technologies) Fort Belvoir, VA, USALocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Engineer SUMMARY The SATCOM Engineer will provide systems engineering, programmatic/analytical support, and technical assistance for Combat Service Support Automated Information System Interface (CAISI), Very Small Aperture Terminal (VSAT), Inflatable Satellite Antenna, and any additional follow-on systems. An active DoD Secret Security Clearance is required. RESPONSIBILITIES Perform program planning, analysis, strategic planning, programmatic metrics, systems and risk management, and evaluations related to various programs and projects. Responsible for assessing and meeting user requirements. Design and analyze communications systems for satellite applications. Must be familiar with RF analyses such as link budgets, digital modulation/coding, gain/loss budgets, noise figure, etc. Work with a team providing customer support, testing, documentation, training and software installation/configuration of ERP applications. Perform...Jan 07, 2021Full timeLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VA Category: Engineer SUMMARY The SATCOM Engineer will provide systems engineering, programmatic/analytical support, and technical assistance for Combat Service Support Automated Information System Interface (CAISI), Very Small Aperture Terminal (VSAT), Inflatable Satellite Antenna, and any additional follow-on systems. An active DoD Secret Security Clearance is required. RESPONSIBILITIES Perform program planning, analysis, strategic planning, programmatic metrics, systems and risk management, and evaluations related to various programs and projects. Responsible for assessing and meeting user requirements. Design and analyze communications systems for satellite applications. Must be familiar with RF analyses such as link budgets, digital modulation/coding, gain/loss budgets, noise figure, etc. Work with a team providing customer support, testing, documentation, training and software installation/configuration of ERP applications. Perform...Business AnalystCyberData Technologies Fort Belvoir, VA, USAJob Description CyberData Technologies is looking to hire a business analyst at Ft Belvoir, VA with excellent customer service skills to support the US Army Data Center Consolidation Plan (ADCCP). The ideal candidate will have prior experience and/or background in technical writing. The Business Analyst will be responsible for building and maintaining strong relationships with Army IT and Cloud stakeholders as they navigate the Army s modernization and Cloud process and associated initiatives. The Business Analyst will be required to become a subject matter expert on Army s modernization process and use that expertise to proactively assist and inform stakeholder groups and report data and progress towards the Army s strategic goals. The candidate will assist in creating/developing/reviewing/QAing papers, presentations, and reports. The candidate must also demonstrate traits consistent with the company culture commitment to customer service and quality of work; adaptability to...Jan 05, 2021Full timeJob Description CyberData Technologies is looking to hire a business analyst at Ft Belvoir, VA with excellent customer service skills to support the US Army Data Center Consolidation Plan (ADCCP). The ideal candidate will have prior experience and/or background in technical writing. The Business Analyst will be responsible for building and maintaining strong relationships with Army IT and Cloud stakeholders as they navigate the Army s modernization and Cloud process and associated initiatives. The Business Analyst will be required to become a subject matter expert on Army s modernization process and use that expertise to proactively assist and inform stakeholder groups and report data and progress towards the Army s strategic goals. The candidate will assist in creating/developing/reviewing/QAing papers, presentations, and reports. The candidate must also demonstrate traits consistent with the company culture commitment to customer service and quality of work; adaptability to...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by Computerlog"
