"Pathology Outlines - JobsAuthorsBlogBoard ReviewCommentContact UsNewslettersStatisticsTestimonialsHow does cancer arise based on complexity theory? Follow Dr. Pernick's blog by clicking here.JobsFellowshipsConferences / WebinarsBooksOnline CMECasesAdvertiseIndustry NewsLibrariesRoche Companion Diagnostic LibraryRoche NTRK IHC Diagnostic LibraryCOVID-19 LibraryPandemic relief music awardHome > JobsPathologist, Ph.D. and Related JobsCopyright: 2001-2021, PathologyOutlines.com, Inc.Revised: 20 January 2021Click here for jobs by date postedClick here for jobs by locationClick here for jobs related to Pathology (not Pathologist / Ph.D.)Click here to subscribe to Biweekly email of new Jobs postedClick here to follow the official PathologyOutlines.com blogPathologist Jobs Report: latest report - Third Quarter 2020, posted 5 November 2020Letter to Editor describing the pathology job market, PowerPoint (PDF)Page views in 2020: 603,760Page views in 2021 to date: 30,040Advertise Your Pathologist, Ph.D. or Related Positions with us!To post a basic Pathologist / Physician / Ph.D. / Residency job ad, please email the text (Word format, up to 300 words), your logo (optional) and your contact information to Ads@PathologyOutlines.com. Please use this email because it is monitored continuously. The cost is $975. Please include a contact email in your ad for a better response. We post or respond within one business day of receipt - if no response, please resend and CC Rosie@PathologyOutlines.com. After posting, we will send you a confirmation email and invoice; please use the link at the bottom of the invoice to pay. Ads are posted until filled, up to 6 months. Prepayment may be required.We also have these options to further highlight your Jobs post:(a) $500 to add a banner for one month on the Jobs page (top: 728x90, side: 300x250).(b) $1,000 to add a standard E-blast or social media post.(c) $500 for a Pathology related (not a doctor) / Available candidate / Seeking a residency ad.(d) For packages of 6 or more ads, contact us at Ads@PathologyOutlines.com.All recent job ads are posted in our biweekly Job email sent to 6,523 subscribers, for no additional charge. Frequently Asked Questions, Testimonials, US mapList of Residency Directors, List of Pathology ChairsSearch JobsUSA: General USA Alabama (6) Alaska (1) American Samoa Arizona (7) Arkansas (4) California (28) Colorado (4) Connecticut (10) Delaware (2) Florida (34) Georgia (14) Guam Hawaii (1) Idaho Illinois (6) Indiana (4) Iowa (2) Kansas (5) Kentucky (3) Louisiana (6) Maine Maryland (9) Massachusetts (10) Michigan (11) Minnesota (6) Mississippi (2) Missouri (7) Montana Nebraska (1) Nevada (1) New Hampshire (1) New Jersey (16) New Mexico New York (36) North Carolina (12) North Dakota (2) Ohio (30) Oklahoma (2) Oregon (3) Pennsylvania (29) Puerto Rico (1) Rhode Island (1) South Carolina (9) South Dakota (2) Tennessee (11) Texas (19) Utah (5) Vermont (3) Virginia (8) Washington D.C. (3) Washington State (9) West Virginia (2) Wisconsin (8) WyomingCanada: Alberta (2) British Columbia (3) Manitoba (1) New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador (1) Nova Scotia (1) Ontario (6) Prince Edward Island Quebec SaskatchewanOther countries: Australia Bahamas Bermuda Bonaire Caribbean Dominica England / United Kingdom France Germany (1) Grand Cayman Hong Kong Iceland India Ireland (1) Israel Jordan Lebanon Netherlands Antilles New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Qatar Saba Saudi Arabia Scotland Singapore South Africa Spain St. Maarten Switzerland Tanzania Trinidad & Tobago Turks and Caicos Uganda United Arab EmiratesSubspecialties: autopsy (8) bone & soft tissue (13) breast (62) chemistry (10) chief / chair / director (16) coagulation (3) cytogenetics (2) cytopathology (85) dermatopathology (39) education (5) forensic (2) GI / liver (64) government (2) GU (38) gynecologic (59) head & neck (29) hematopathology (79) HLA / immunology (6) immunohistochemistry (6) industry (2) informatics (14) medical director (39) microbiology (13) molecular (44) neuropathology (20) no subspecialty (147) pediatric (18) pulmonary / cardiovascular (23) renal (7) research (10) tissue bank (1) transfusion medicine (27) transplant (4) veterinaryOrganizations: Case Western Reserve University (9) Indiana University School of Medicine (2) Sante Consulting (9) UT Southwestern Medical Center (3)Miscellaneous: available candidates buy / sell practices / labs locum tenens / part-time (16) Ph.D. positions (34) related (2) residency positions available seeking a residency positionSubspecialty totals by state and region-- Choose a subspecialty --All Subspecialtiesautopsybone & soft tissuebreastchemistrychief / chair / directorcoagulationcytogeneticscytopathologydermatopathologyeducationforensicGI / livergovernmentGUgynecologichead & neckhematopathologyHLA / immunologyimmunohistochemistryindustryinformaticsmedical directormicrobiologymolecularneuropathologyno subspecialtypediatricpulmonary / cardiovascularrenalresearchtissue banktransfusion medicinetransplantJobs by LocationNumber of Jobs in Database: 410Active Jobs by DateJobs by Location (Ontario) - 6 adsONTARIO, OTTAWA (CANADA). The Eastern Ontario Regional Laboratory Association and the University of Ottawa are seeking two full-time Pathologists. They are seeking candidates with fellowship training or significant working experience in Gynecologic, Gastrointestinal or Dermatopathology. Preference will be given to candidates with interest in more than one subspecialty. The minimum requirements to apply include an M.D. degree, license to practice in Ontario and Royal College of Physicians (Canada) certification in Anatomical Pathology. linkPosted also under: dermatopathology, GI / liver, gynecologicONTARIO, OTTAWA (CANADA). The University of Ottawa Faculty of Medicine, The Ottawa Hospital, CHEO and the Eastern Ontario Regional Laboratory Association (EORLA) are looking for a candidate for a leadership position as Departmental Chief at the Ottawa Hospital and CHEO and Chief of Staff at EORLA. Requirements include a proven track record of balancing multiple organizational proirities, experience within a regional health system or in a laboratory serving multiple institutions, university rank of Associate or Full Professor and eligibility for medical licensure in Ontario (if applicable). linkPosted also under: chief / chair / directorONTARIO, SUDBURY (CANADA). Health Sciences North (HSN) is recruiting a full time general (AP/CP) Pathologist. Candidates should have AP/CP training with skills that complement the current group. Applicants with specialty training or an interest in Genomics and / or laboratory management will be given preference. Candidates must also be eligible for licensure by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) and have obtained (or be eligible to obtain) specialty qualifications from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and / or the American Board of Pathology. linkPosted also under: molecular, no subspecialtyONTARIO, SUDBURY (CANADA). Health Sciences North (HSN) is recruiting a full time general (AP/CP) Pathologist with specialty training in Neuropathology. Candidates must be eligible for licensure by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) and have obtained (or be eligible to obtain) specialty qualifications from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and / or the American Board of Pathology. CPSO pathway 3 or 4 candidates from the US will be considered. linkPosted also under: neuropathologyONTARIO, TORONTO (CANADA). Mount Sinai Hospital is seeking a Gynecologic Pathologist at the Assistant/Associate/Full Professor Level. Candidates must have a medical degree and hold Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada certification in Anatomical Pathology, or equivalent, be eligible for licensure by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario and for an academic appointment at the University of Toronto. Fellowship training or experience in gynecologic pathology is preferred. Interest in another area of pathology would be an asset. linkPosted also under: gynecologicONTARIO, TORONTO (CANADA). University Health Network (UHN) is seeking an Anatomical Pathologist with diagnostic and research training / expertise in Gynecologic Pathology at the rank of Assistant, Associate or full Professor. Candidates must have or be eligible for licensure in the Province of Ontario and hold a Fellowship in Anatomic Pathology with the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada or equivalent. Subspecialty Fellowship training in gynecologic pathology or several years of expertise in this subspecialty is required. linkPosted also under: gynecologictopDepartment of Pathology and Laboratory MedicineDivision of Anatomical PathologyGyne, GI or Derm PathologistEastern Ontario Regional Laboratory Association (EORLA) and the University of OttawaOTTAWA, ONTARIO (CANADA). Applications are invited for two full-time pathologist positions with a start date in July 2021. We are seeking candidates with fellowship training and/or significant working experience in gynecological, gastrointestinal, or dermatopathology. Preference will be given to candidates with interest in more than one subspecialty. The candidate will participate in diagnostic and consultation services at The Ottawa Hospital General Campus.The minimum requirements to apply include a Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree, license to practice in Ontario, and Royal College of Physicians (Canada) certification or equivalent in Anatomical Pathology. The candidate will have academic appointment at the University of Ottawa and is expected to participate in research as well as in undergraduate and graduate teaching activities. The academic rank will commensurate according to the academic experience and the university guidelines. The Province of Ontario has uniform minimal level of salary and benefits for the pathologists. The competition will remain open until the position(s) are filled.About EORLA:EORLA operates 18 regional hospital-based licensed clinical laboratories across the Champlain Local Health Integration Network (CLHIN) of Eastern Ontario including the Ottawa Hospital and the Children Hospital of Eastern Ontario. The laboratory staff includes over 725 Medical Laboratory Professionals, 70 Medical/Scientific staff and 15 Pathology Residents.The Division of Anatomical Pathology Reference Laboratory at the Ottawa Hospital processes more than 75,000 surgical pathology specimens and 20,000 cytology specimens per year. The Division of Anatomic Pathology at the Ottawa Hospital operates a subspecialty-based practice with a high proportion of GI, Gyne and Breast cases. The Division has a state-of-the-art molecular oncology diagnostic laboratory which includes next generation sequencing technology and other platforms to support precision medicine and clinical trials.About Ottawa:Ottawa is the national capital of Canada and the fourth largest city in Canada. An affordable cosmopolitan and multicultural city, Ottawa is built for outdoor and art enthusiasts. The city has more engineers and scientists per capita than any other city in Canada.This advertisement is directed primarily, but not solely, to citizens or permanent residents of Canada. Women, aboriginal people, members of visible minorities and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Bilingualism is an asset but not a requirement.Send by email: Curriculum vitae, a letter of interest, and the names, telephone numbers, and email addresses of three references to:Ms. Joanne Hodgins, Regional Administrative Coordinatorc/o Harman Sekhon, MD, MSc, PhD, Chief, Division of Anatomic Pathology, EORLADepartment of Pathology and Laboratory MedicineThe Ottawa Hospital General Campus, 4th floor, CCW, Room 4240501 Smyth Rd, Ottawa, ON K1H 8L6Email: johodgins@eorla.ca[7 December 2020, #10147]topChair/Chief, Department of Pathology and Laboratory MedicineOTTAWA, ONTARIO (CANADA). The University of Ottawa Faculty of Medicine (FoM), The Ottawa Hospital (TOH), CHEO and the Eastern Ontario Regional Laboratory Association (EORLA) invite applications and nominations for this senior leadership position. The Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine is founded on three pillars - clinical service delivery, research and teaching and offers the full breadth of modern testing in a dedicated, timely and efficient manner. The Department also administers a collaborative graduate program in Pathology and Experimental Medicine. The successful candidate will work with their administrative co-leads to oversee laboratory services at 16 member hospitals delivering over 13 million tests annually; manage a team of over 70 Medical and Scientific staff; oversee the academic activities in 3 academic member hospitals and supporting bilingual undergraduate and post graduate teaching programs for medical students and residents. The candidate will be the board appointed Departmental Chief at the Ottawa Hospital and CHEO; Chief of Staff at EORLA as well as lead the academic portfolio for Faculty.The Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine offers a wide variety of routine and esoteric tests in a dedicated, timely and efficient manner. As a key member of EORLA's senior management team, they will help ensure high quality laboratory services are available within all hospitals in the region, whether they be large academic facilities or small community hospitals. They will also lead the development and introduction of new laboratory techniques required to enhance diagnostic procedures in our population.The successful candidate will lead the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine with its:National and international leaders in clinical care, education and research;Collegial and supportive medical school and hospital administration;Extensive undergraduate, postgraduate and fellowship training programs;Recognized delivery of laboratory services through the EORLA.Applicants must meet the following qualifications:A seasoned leader willing to take on the challenge of leading within each of the four (4) organizations simultaneously;A proven track record of engaging teams, balancing multiple organizational proirities and the effective delivery of clinical services, academic excellence and research in alignment with the mission, vision, values, policies and objectives of each organization;An outstanding leader who has demonstrated national or international impact in one or more of the following domains: record in patient care, teaching, academic leadership and research;Experience working within the context of a regional health system or in a laboratory serving multiple institutions;A clinician or researcher who is in good standing with their professional governing body;A university rank of Associate or Full Professor;Eligibility for medical licensure in Ontario (if applicable); andFluency in one official language with at least a passive knowledge of the other.You are invited to forward a letter of intent and CV no later than November 29 to:Jennifer DaleDean’s OfficeFaculty of Medicine, University of Ottawa451 Smyth Road, room 3020Ottawa ON K1H 8M5Telephone: 613-562-5800 ext.8697Email: jdale@uOttawa.caAll qualified candidates are invited to apply; however, preference will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents. When submitting your application, please indicate your current status. The University of Ottawa is an equal opportunity employer. We strongly encourage applications from women, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. If you are invited to continue the selection process, please notify us of any particular adaptive measures you might require by contacting the Office of the Associate Vice-President, Faculty Affairs at 613-562-5958. Any information you send us will be handled respectfully and in complete confidence. The University of Ottawa is proud of its 160-year tradition of bilingualism. Through its Official Languages and Bilingualism Institute, the University provides training to staff members and to their spouses in their second official language. At the time of tenure, professors are expected to have the ability to function in a bilingual setting.[5 November 2020, #10087]topPathology Practice OpportunitySUDBURY, ONTARIO (CANADA). Health Sciences North (HSN) is recruiting a full-time general (AP/CP) Pathologist. As the tertiary referral centre for Northeastern Ontario, HSN serves >600,000 residents and hosts the Regional Cancer Centre.Our department currently includes 11 pathologists providing services to HSN and other hospitals throughout Northeastern Ontario in the following areas: surgical pathology, cytology, hematopathology, flow cytometry, transfusion medicine, forensics, genomics, microbiology, chemistry. The team also includes a Biochemist, Microbiologist and Cytogeneticist.Candidates should have anatomic and clinical pathology training with skills that complement those of the current group. Applicants with specialty training or an interest in genomics and/or laboratory management will be given preference.In addition to service work, pathologists at HSN are encouraged to participate in research at the HSN Research Institute and are required to seek faculty appointments at the Northern Ontario School of Medicine. Most clinical and academic work is completed at the HSN main site, 41 Ramsey Lake Road. Compensation is fee-for-service originating from the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care and Ontario Health Insurance Plan.Sudbury offers an exceptional quality of life, with excellent schools, abundant lakes and extensive recreational opportunities and is near Georgian Bay and Muskoka, and a 50 minute flight or 3-4 hour drive from Toronto.Candidates must be eligible for licensure by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) and have obtained, or be eligible to obtain, specialty qualifications from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and/or the American Board of Pathology. CPSO pathway 3 or 4 candidates from the US will be considered.Interested individuals should send a cover letter and CV to rmcclure@hsnsudbury.ca or to:Dr. McClureDepartment of PathologyHealth Sciences North, 41 Ramsey Lake RoadSudbury, Ontario, P3E 5J1CanadaHSN thanks all applicants, but only those selected for interview will be contacted.[1 December 2020, #10163-2]topNeuropathology Practice OpportunitySUDBURY, ONTARIO (CANADA). Health Sciences North (HSN) is recruiting a full-time general (AP/CP) Pathologist with specialty training in neuropathology. As the tertiary referral centre for Northeastern Ontario, HSN serves >600,000 residents and hosts the Regional Cancer Centre.Our department currently includes 11 pathologists providing services to HSN and other hospitals throughout Northeastern Ontario in the following areas: surgical pathology, cytology, hematopathology, flow cytometry, transfusion medicine, forensics, genomics, microbiology, chemistry. The team also includes a Biochemist, Microbiologist and Cytogeneticist.In addition to service work, pathologists at HSN are encouraged to participate in research at the HSN Research Institute and are required to seek faculty appointments at the Northern Ontario School of Medicine. Most clinical and academic work is completed at the HSN main site, 41 Ramsey Lake Road. Compensation is fee-for-service originating from the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care and Ontario Health Insurance Plan.Sudbury offers an exceptional quality of life, with excellent schools, abundant lakes and extensive recreational opportunities and is near Georgian Bay and Muskoka, and a 50 minute flight or 3-4 hour drive from Toronto.Candidates must be eligible for licensure by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) and have obtained, or be eligible to obtain, specialty qualifications from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and/or the American Board of Pathology. CPSO pathway 3 or 4 candidates from the US will be considered.Interested individuals should send a cover letter and CV to rmcclure@hsnsudbury.ca or to:Dr. McClureDepartment of PathologyHealth Sciences North, 41 Ramsey Lake RoadSudbury, Ontario, P3E 5J1CanadaHSN thanks all applicants, but only those selected for interview will be contacted.[1 December 2020, #10163-1]topGynecological PathologistTORONTO, ONTARIO (CANADA). The Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine in Mount Sinai Hospital is seeking a faculty member at the Assistant/Associate/Full Professor Level with diagnostic expertise in gynecologic pathology.We are seeking an individual who values working in a collegial environment at an institution with superb clinical material and collaborations with dedicated clinical colleagues. The successful candidate will join an academic faculty with diverse diagnostic expertise, teaching responsibilities and research activities. Mount Sinai Hospital has an internationally renowned and expanding clinical program in Women’s Health with over 6,000 pathology cases/year including an extensive consult service. We utilize leading edge diagnostic technologies.Candidates must have a medical degree and hold Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada certification in Anatomical Pathology, or equivalent, and be eligible for licensure by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario. Fellowship training or experience in gynecologic pathology is preferred. Interest in another area of pathology would be an asset. The preferred candidate must be an excellent diagnostic pathologist with a demonstrated interest in teaching and a track record in clinical, translational or computational research. In addition, the candidate should be eligible for an academic appointment in the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology, University of Toronto. Rank will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.Salary and benefits are in accordance with the uniform level of compensation in the Province of Ontario. The Ministry of Health and Long Term Service has implemented a program to ensure a total compensation package that will equalize your compensation with that of other Laboratory Physicians in the Province. Benefits will be provided.Interested applicants should send their curriculum vitae, a brief statement of their career plans, and the names of three references to:Dr. Elizabeth DemiccoSection Head, Surgical PathologyDepartment of Pathology and Laboratory MedicineMount Sinai Hospital600 University AvenueToronto, ON M5G 1X5Email: Elizabeth.Demicco@sinaihealth.caReview of applications will begin on October 30, 2020. Mount Sinai and the University of Toronto are strongly committed to diversity. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.[21 September 2020, #9927]topAcademic Gynecologic PathologistTORONTO, ONTARIO (CANADA). The Laboratory Medicine Program of the University Health Network (UHN) is seeking an Anatomical Pathologist with diagnostic and research training/expertise in gynecologic pathology at the rank of Assistant, Associate or full Professor. The expected start date will be July 1st, 2021 or will be mutually agreed upon.The candidate must demonstrate excellence in clinical, research and teaching activities in gynecologic pathology.The successful candidate will join a team of subspecialty pathologists operating within a large academic laboratory medicine program at the University Health Network. The program offers diverse diagnostic expertise, excellent teaching activities, and exciting basic and clinical research activities/ opportunities. Candidates must have or be eligible for licensure in the Province of Ontario and hold a Fellowship in Anatomic Pathology with the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, or equivalent. Subspecialty Fellowship training in gynecologic pathology or several years of expertise in this subspecialty is required. Responsibilities will include participating in diagnostic and consultation service for UHN and its client facilities, as well as self-initiated and collaborative research and teaching activities. The successful candidate should be eligible for an academic appointment in the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology, University of Toronto, with a rank commensurate with academic qualifications. Salary and benefits are in accordance with the uniform minimal level of compensation for pathologists in the Province of Ontario (currently approximately $367,000 per annum).University Health Network is one of Canada's largest acute care teaching organizations with over 1000 beds and 7 priority programs in Advanced Medicine & Surgery, Oncology & Blood Disorders, Transplantation, Neural & Sensory Science, Heart & Circulation, Musculoskeletal Health & Arthritis, and Community & Population Health. It maintains a major commitment to excellence in healthcare delivery, research and teaching. University Health Network is a fully affiliated hospital of the University of Toronto.University Health Network is a major landmark in Canada’s healthcare system, and a teaching hospital of the University of Toronto. Building on the strengths and reputations of each of our four remarkable institutions, the organization brings together the talent, resources, technology and skills that make it an international leader in healthcare.Interested applicants should send their curriculum vitae, a brief statement of their career plans, and the names of three references to:Dr. Ilan WeinrebDivision Head, Anatomical PathologyUniversity Health NetworkLaboratory Medicine Program200 Elizabeth Street, 11th floorToronto, Ontario M5G 2C4Fax: (416) 340-5517Email: Ilan.Weinreb@uhn.caThe University of Toronto and University Health Network are strongly committed to diversity within its community and welcome applications from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal people, persons with disabilities, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.The Search Committee will begin to consider applications received by December 25th, 2020 for shortlisting although the process may begin in the new year. The position will remain open until filled. Only short-listed applicants will be contacted. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.[30 November 2020, #10154]Back to topHome > JobsHomeAbout UsAdvertiseAmazon.comAuthorsBlogBoard ReviewBooksCasesCME (online)Comment HereConferences / WebinarsContact UsDetroit College PromiseFAQFellowshipsIndustry NewsJobsLibrariesMerchandiseNewslettersPrivacy PolicyStatisticsTestimonials30100 Telegraph Road, Suite 408, Bingham Farms, Michigan 48025 (USA)Telephone: (248) 646-0325; Email: CommentsPathout@gmail.comSign up for our Email NewslettersThis website is intended for pathologists and laboratory personnel but not for patients. We welcome suggestions or questions about using the website. However, we cannot answer medical or research questions or give advice.© Copyright PathologyOutlines.com, Inc. Click here for information on linking to our website or using our content or images.Processing"
