"52% of the foreign students in US are from China and India « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (826,685)Econometrics Discussion (51,773)Research / Journals (182,922)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,784)From the blogs (45,135)Conferences (22,134)Questions from prospective grad students (116,685)Econ Lounge (164,545)Latest Research Discussion (24,023)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (37,126)Software and Programming for Research (13,896)Macroeconomics (18,860)Microeconomics (9,136)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (319,878)General Economics Job Market Discussion (635,433)Micro Job Rumors (13,413)Macro Job Rumors (8,477)European Job Market (82,273)China Job Market (56,953)Industry Rumors (22,344)Off TopicOff Topic (2,143,790)Sport (81,684)Technology (51,672)Trash (47,432)Job MarketJob Market WikiUT DallasInstitute for Defense AnalysesUniversity of Notre DameExample UniversityJob Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesJournal of International Trade and Economic DevelopmentInternational Economic ReviewJournal of Comparative EconomicsJournal of Comparative EconomicsJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..5 months - 67 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 140 Goods vs 109 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Off Topic » Off Topic52% of the foreign students in US are from China and IndiaEconomist103aOne give us corona, the other give us typhus and diarr/hea inducing food.No one is forcing that food down your throat now is there? You can eat your shyte Amerifood whatever that is. What's Americulture any way. The whole country is an importIm European.Go back to EU5 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist5c02Sorry, the main reason for such a high rate of Chinese and Indian students (assume your rate is accurate) is that native students are less qualified for phd programs or less interested in the economics and the industries and academia do have persistent demands of economists. There must be people meeting this gap. Currently, they are students from China and India that have super large populations. The same happens in many other fields like CS, bio, chemistry, and EE. Reflect the reasons on your own side before making any ridiculous conclusions.5 months ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistb6ffWhitbros, why do you hate us so much?5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 2 No Jab !Economistb6ffWe don't hire them. We had one indian guy applied. I told him that his eb2 is going to take 150 years. He said s386 will be a law soon. I told him that we found another candidate. lol :)You were lying. If lying makes you feel good...5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7686So? We need to represent the global population in US universities? That's news to me.I haven't looked up the numbers but, don't China and India ALMOST make up 50% of the world population?agreed. In fact, universities should be diversifying away from the most populous countries to protect their revenue streams during times of crisis.5 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist0e7bFirst the Chinese now Indians, why? Because we stopped fighting in Ladakh?Whitbros, why do you hate us so much?5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 1 No Jab !Economist0e7bI start tot think it is rac ism not about communism5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist326fIndian and Chinese are 52%? who are the other 48% then?Also, these two countries send a few thousand selected from a few million. They mostly go to the U.S. for grad school in technical subjects. Europeans are rarely smart enough to study in the U.S. for grad school. Maybe your best few hundred (some Paris 11 Frenchies and Scholze). The rest are lazy and uneducated. Same for the Latin population in South America.Those guys from Brazil or Argentina can pontificate in an MBA program or in an econ PhD. But they would get absolutely destroyed in a technical area like EECS or ChemE or math. Of course there is a one in a three hundred million counterexample like Avila.5 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 3 No Jab !Economist326fone in three hundred million5 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistc580Noooo. More like Indian and Chinese are willing to pay for cash cow programs. Europeans are smarter and have better options.Indian and Chinese are 52%? who are the other 48% then?Also, these two countries send a few thousand selected from a few million. They mostly go to the U.S. for grad school in technical subjects. Europeans are rarely smart enough to study in the U.S. for grad school. Maybe your best few hundred (some Paris 11 Frenchies and Scholze). The rest are lazy and uneducated. Same for the Latin population in South America.Those guys from Brazil or Argentina can pontificate in an MBA program or in an econ PhD. But they would get absolutely destroyed in a technical area like EECS or ChemE or math. Of course there is a one in a three hundred million counterexample like Avila.5 months ago # QUOTE 3 Jab 3 No Jab !Economistc580First the Chinese now Indians, why? Because we stopped fighting in Ladakh?Whitbros, why do you hate us so much?Why do you stop fighting?5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf915As an Ameri Professor, I can tell you over the years ameri kids have gone dummberr - no willingness to learn. Immigrant k1ds are smarter and sincere5 months ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist42f4I haven't looked up the numbers but, don't China and India ALMOST make up 50% of the world population?Yes. and because they multiply like rabbits, they all have a right to move wherever they like.No thank you.India has the oldest surviving civilization. We had a flourishing civilization while you were living as cavemen. Show some respect.5 months ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 3 No Jab !Economistdd6dI haven't looked up the numbers but, don't China and India ALMOST make up 50% of the world population?Yes. and because they multiply like rabbits, they all have a right to move wherever they like.No thank you.India has the oldest surviving civilization. We had a flourishing civilization while you were living as cavemen. Show some respect.Yes. Is that why you're country still can't feed itself and I get ads for \"help Indian children go to school\" NGOs?5 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 2 No Jab !Economistc580I haven't looked up the numbers but, don't China and India ALMOST make up 50% of the world population?Yes. and because they multiply like rabbits, they all have a right to move wherever they like.No thank you.India has the oldest surviving civilization. We had a flourishing civilization while you were living as cavemen. Show some respect.Yes. Is that why you're country still can't feed itself and I get ads for \"help Indian children go to school\" NGOs?India has the fast growing economy. Yes it still has a lot people in poverty. Does it make you superior?5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist326fNoooo. More like Indian and Chinese are willing to pay for cash cow programs. Europeans are smarter and have better options.Indian and Chinese are 52%? who are the other 48% then?Also, these two countries send a few thousand selected from a few million. They mostly go to the U.S. for grad school in technical subjects. Europeans are rarely smart enough to study in the U.S. for grad school. Maybe your best few hundred (some Paris 11 Frenchies and Scholze). The rest are lazy and uneducated. Same for the Latin population in South America.Those guys from Brazil or Argentina can pontificate in an MBA program or in an econ PhD. But they would get absolutely destroyed in a technical area like EECS or ChemE or math. Of course there is a one in a three hundred million counterexample like Avila.Of course Europeans would attend American cash cow masters if they could afford them; unfortunately their parents don't have the tuition money and their local banks don't lend.Europeans would definitely want access to the U.S. labor market after a masters- what's their alternative- 30% youth unemployment?5 months ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistfed2Noooo. More like Indian and Chinese are willing to pay for cash cow programs. Europeans are smarter and have better options.Indian and Chinese are 52%? who are the other 48% then?Also, these two countries send a few thousand selected from a few million. They mostly go to the U.S. for grad school in technical subjects. Europeans are rarely smart enough to study in the U.S. for grad school. Maybe your best few hundred (some Paris 11 Frenchies and Scholze). The rest are lazy and uneducated. Same for the Latin population in South America.Those guys from Brazil or Argentina can pontificate in an MBA program or in an econ PhD. But they would get absolutely destroyed in a technical area like EECS or ChemE or math. Of course there is a one in a three hundred million counterexample like Avila.Of course Europeans would attend American cash cow masters if they could afford them; unfortunately their parents don't have the tuition money and their local banks don't lend.Europeans would definitely want access to the U.S. labor market after a masters- what's their alternative- 30% youth unemployment?lol, you are completely deluded5 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 1 No Jab !Economist326fyeah I might be wrong on the 30%probably 50% youth unemployment in a normal economyand 80% now (no demand for waiters and Uber drivers unfortunately)5 months ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist0d91Das data:https://www.gzeromedia.com/the-graphic-truth-who-sends-the-most-students-to-the-us5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 1 No Jab !Economistdd6dGzero Media!?What next? G-eazy Media?LoooooolChill C580, I'm just trolling you Indians.5 months ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !« Previous1234Next »Topic ClosedThis topic has been closed to new replies.Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
