"Jobs in Atlanta | HireLatinos.orgJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingModal titleCloseFind Jobs6 jobs found in AtlantaRegional Philanthropy Officer - Corporate GivingAmerican Red Cross Atlanta, GeorgiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Do you want to make a difference? Join The American Red Cross, the world’s largest humanitarian network. For over 100 years The American Red Cross has been a leader in the nonprofit world. In order to support our many humanitarian efforts, our organization depends heavily on the support of our generous donor population. We participate in many donor-focused fundraising activities including identifying, cultivating, soliciting and stewarding individual donors and philanthropists, as well as corporate and foundation partners across the country. The funds we receive provide unrestricted support to our Chapters, helping us fulfill our mission to provide relief to victims of disaster and help people prevent, prepare and respond to emergencies in our communities. As a result, we are always looking for proactive and mission-driven fundraisers with an established track record of increasing philanthropic support. Job Summary: Identifies, engages, cultivates, solicits, and stewards current and prospective Corporate donors in expanding their financial support of the work of the American Red Cross. Responsible for meeting an annual revenue target by working with an assigned portfolio of Corporate donors and prospects to advance the mission of the organization and assist donors in creating meaning in their lives through giving to the American Red Cross. In conjunction with Chief Development Officer, may lead team in planning and implementing fundraising strategies. As required, serve as operational resource to less experienced team members to ensure consistent and effective implementation of donor development plans. Responsibilities Strategy: Develops and executes ongoing strategy for qualifying Corporate donors to ensure retention, growth of donor contributions as well as recapture from previous donors. Works collaboratively with other departments and partners with development staff at the National Office to create customized solicitation strategies matching the objectives of the organization and interests of the donor/prospect. Fundraising Targets and Portfolio Management: Manages an assigned portfolio of donors and prospects with intent to form deep relationships. Responsible for minimum annual fundraising goal tied to segmented or blended portfolio as specified in performance standards, including both renewable gifts and new incremental revenue. Develop donor management plans for entire portfolio resulting in strategic, knowledgeable and complex asks. Personally solicits assigned donor portfolio through face to face visits, including preparation of personalized materials. Revenue target may increase due to major domestic disasters. Serve as mentor/informal leader to less experienced team members and operational resource for Regional Philanthropy. Prospect Development: Implements programs/activities to identify, cultivate, solicit and steward Corporate donors at the $2,500 level or higher, with an emphasis on maximizing revenue for the American Red Cross. Works with community Board members and other leadership volunteers to identify, cultivate, solicit and steward appropriate donors. Identifies potential planned giving prospects among assigned donors and partners with Region’s assigned Gift Planning Officer to solicit those prospects. Updates donor records in region and/or district database and Salesforce.com following donor contacts. May lead team(s) in planning and executing against prospecting development programs. Relationship Development: Develops ongoing relationships with major donors for the benefits of the American Red Cross. Accountable for cultivating relationships for individual fundraising, organizational fundraising or both as outlined below: Individuals: Cultivates relationships with individual donors personally and by supporting volunteer leaders in peer-to-peer outreach, (if appropriate) using giving societies such as the Tiffany Circle Society of Women Leaders as a key program. Organizations: Cultivates, solicits and stewards support from corporations and foundations to meet annual fundraising goals within their Regions. This includes assisting corporations in achieving their goals in strengthening their brand, marketing, and employee engagement by being proficient at clearly articulating Red Cross programs, listening to corporations’ needs and aligning programs to their interests, preparing grant proposals, and engaging foundation staff. Education: Bachelor’s degree required; advanced degree is highly desirable. Experience: Minimum five years sales and/or Corporate fundraising experience required. Proven experience in developing strategies for donor retention growth and recapture and proven success with complex requests is required. Significant expertise with the area’s funding community highly desirable. Progressive experience in successful development programs and knowledge of “best practices” in development. Travel: Requires frequent travel within the Region. The amount will vary depending upon size and geography of region. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster. *LI-POST Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Do you want to make a difference? Join The American Red Cross, the world’s largest humanitarian network. For over 100 years The American Red Cross has been a leader in the nonprofit world. In order to support our many humanitarian efforts, our organization depends heavily on the support of our generous donor population. We participate in many donor-focused fundraising activities including identifying, cultivating, soliciting and stewarding individual donors and philanthropists, as well as corporate and foundation partners across the country. The funds we receive provide unrestricted support to our Chapters, helping us fulfill our mission to provide relief to victims of disaster and help people prevent, prepare and respond to emergencies in our communities. As a result, we are always looking for proactive and mission-driven fundraisers with an established track record of increasing philanthropic support. Job Summary: Identifies, engages, cultivates, solicits, and stewards current and prospective Corporate donors in expanding their financial support of the work of the American Red Cross. Responsible for meeting an annual revenue target by working with an assigned portfolio of Corporate donors and prospects to advance the mission of the organization and assist donors in creating meaning in their lives through giving to the American Red Cross. In conjunction with Chief Development Officer, may lead team in planning and implementing fundraising strategies. As required, serve as operational resource to less experienced team members to ensure consistent and effective implementation of donor development plans. Responsibilities Strategy: Develops and executes ongoing strategy for qualifying Corporate donors to ensure retention, growth of donor contributions as well as recapture from previous donors. Works collaboratively with other departments and partners with development staff at the National Office to create customized solicitation strategies matching the objectives of the organization and interests of the donor/prospect. Fundraising Targets and Portfolio Management: Manages an assigned portfolio of donors and prospects with intent to form deep relationships. Responsible for minimum annual fundraising goal tied to segmented or blended portfolio as specified in performance standards, including both renewable gifts and new incremental revenue. Develop donor management plans for entire portfolio resulting in strategic, knowledgeable and complex asks. Personally solicits assigned donor portfolio through face to face visits, including preparation of personalized materials. Revenue target may increase due to major domestic disasters. Serve as mentor/informal leader to less experienced team members and operational resource for Regional Philanthropy. Prospect Development: Implements programs/activities to identify, cultivate, solicit and steward Corporate donors at the $2,500 level or higher, with an emphasis on maximizing revenue for the American Red Cross. Works with community Board members and other leadership volunteers to identify, cultivate, solicit and steward appropriate donors. Identifies potential planned giving prospects among assigned donors and partners with Region’s assigned Gift Planning Officer to solicit those prospects. Updates donor records in region and/or district database and Salesforce.com following donor contacts. May lead team(s) in planning and executing against prospecting development programs. Relationship Development: Develops ongoing relationships with major donors for the benefits of the American Red Cross. Accountable for cultivating relationships for individual fundraising, organizational fundraising or both as outlined below: Individuals: Cultivates relationships with individual donors personally and by supporting volunteer leaders in peer-to-peer outreach, (if appropriate) using giving societies such as the Tiffany Circle Society of Women Leaders as a key program. Organizations: Cultivates, solicits and stewards support from corporations and foundations to meet annual fundraising goals within their Regions. This includes assisting corporations in achieving their goals in strengthening their brand, marketing, and employee engagement by being proficient at clearly articulating Red Cross programs, listening to corporations’ needs and aligning programs to their interests, preparing grant proposals, and engaging foundation staff. Education: Bachelor’s degree required; advanced degree is highly desirable. Experience: Minimum five years sales and/or Corporate fundraising experience required. Proven experience in developing strategies for donor retention growth and recapture and proven success with complex requests is required. Significant expertise with the area’s funding community highly desirable. Progressive experience in successful development programs and knowledge of “best practices” in development. Travel: Requires frequent travel within the Region. The amount will vary depending upon size and geography of region. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster. *LI-POST Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsPhlebotomist/DriverAmerican Red Cross Atlanta, GeorgiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Help saves lives every day with a phlebotomy & driving career at the American Red Cross. No experience needed! Join the Red Cross Biomed Team! At the American Red Cross, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission. When you join our Biomedical team, you can help save lives every day. You’ll be part of a like-minded team that shares a passion for making a difference and a work environment that supports growing, learning and succeeding. About this Role As a Phlebotomist/Driver, you’ll use your compassion and customer service skill to collect lifesaving blood donations from our volunteer donors and ensure they have the best experience possible. Your driving experience will assist us with transporting equipment and setting up at the collection sites. The Red Cross offers paid phlebotomy training with the ability to grow your skills and career within the nation’s top humanitarian organization. To learn more about being a phlebotomist, watch this short video: rdcrss.org/lifesavingrole Responsibilities Take the time to personally connect with donors – listen to their stories and help them understand the value of their donation Contribute to a friendly and fun environment. Team up with your co-workers to keep our donors coming back again and again Be detailed oriented all day, every day, to ensure that the blood you collect meets goals, regulatory requirements and can be safely transfused To best meet the needs of our donors and community, Phlebotomist/Drivers work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays The aforementioned responsibilities of the Phlebotomist/Driver describe the general nature and level of work and are not an exhaustive list Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required Customer service experience and effective verbal communication skills are required Ability to work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays. Overnight travel may be required A current, valid driver's license with good driving record is required. Experience driving larger vehicles preferred. DOT certification may be required in some locations. If required, must pass applicable DOT physical and related requirements and be able to possess or obtain a medical certification of at least one-year duration. Ability to load and unload vehicles with or without reasonable accommodations Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., occasionally physically assisting donors experiencing an adverse reaction, as well as pushing or pulling heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs (potentially up to 250 lbs. in weight and with up to 75-degree angles). Physical requirements may be performed in adverse weather conditions Basic computer skills are desirable Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Help saves lives every day with a phlebotomy & driving career at the American Red Cross. No experience needed! Join the Red Cross Biomed Team! At the American Red Cross, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission. When you join our Biomedical team, you can help save lives every day. You’ll be part of a like-minded team that shares a passion for making a difference and a work environment that supports growing, learning and succeeding. About this Role As a Phlebotomist/Driver, you’ll use your compassion and customer service skill to collect lifesaving blood donations from our volunteer donors and ensure they have the best experience possible. Your driving experience will assist us with transporting equipment and setting up at the collection sites. The Red Cross offers paid phlebotomy training with the ability to grow your skills and career within the nation’s top humanitarian organization. To learn more about being a phlebotomist, watch this short video: rdcrss.org/lifesavingrole Responsibilities Take the time to personally connect with donors – listen to their stories and help them understand the value of their donation Contribute to a friendly and fun environment. Team up with your co-workers to keep our donors coming back again and again Be detailed oriented all day, every day, to ensure that the blood you collect meets goals, regulatory requirements and can be safely transfused To best meet the needs of our donors and community, Phlebotomist/Drivers work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays The aforementioned responsibilities of the Phlebotomist/Driver describe the general nature and level of work and are not an exhaustive list Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required Customer service experience and effective verbal communication skills are required Ability to work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays. Overnight travel may be required A current, valid driver's license with good driving record is required. Experience driving larger vehicles preferred. DOT certification may be required in some locations. If required, must pass applicable DOT physical and related requirements and be able to possess or obtain a medical certification of at least one-year duration. Ability to load and unload vehicles with or without reasonable accommodations Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., occasionally physically assisting donors experiencing an adverse reaction, as well as pushing or pulling heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs (potentially up to 250 lbs. in weight and with up to 75-degree angles). Physical requirements may be performed in adverse weather conditions Basic computer skills are desirable Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsPhlebotomy/Driver-Paid Phlebotomy TrainingAmerican Red Cross Atlanta, GeorgiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Help saves lives every day with a phlebotomy career at the American Red Cross. No experience needed! Join the Red Cross Biomed Team! At the American Red Cross, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission. When you join our Biomedical team, you can help save lives every day. You’ll be part of a like-minded team that shares a passion for making a difference and a work environment that supports growing, learning and succeeding. About this Role As a Phlebotomist, you’ll use your compassion and customer service skill to collect lifesaving blood donations from our volunteer donors and ensure they have the best experience possible. The Red Cross offers paid phlebotomy training with the ability to grow your skills and career within the nation’s top humanitarian organization. To learn more about being a phlebotomist, watch this short video: rdcrss.org/lifesavingrole Responsibilities Take the time to personally connect with donors – listen to their stories and help them understand the value of their donation Contribute to a friendly and fun environment. Team up with your co-workers to keep our donors coming back again and again Be detailed oriented all day, every day, to ensure that the blood you collect meets goals, regulatory requirements and can be safely transfused To best meet the needs of our donors and community, Phlebotomists work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays The aforementioned responsibilities of the Phlebotomist describe the general nature and level of work and are not an exhaustive list Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required Customer service experience and effective verbal communication skills are required Ability to work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays. Overnight travel may be required A current, valid driver's license and good driving record is required Ability to load and unload vehicles with or without reasonable accommodations Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., occasionally physically assisting donors experiencing an adverse reaction, as well as pushing or pulling heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs (potentially up to 250 lbs. in weight and with up to 75-degree angles). Physical requirements may be performed in adverse weather conditions Basic computer skills are desirable The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Help saves lives every day with a phlebotomy career at the American Red Cross. No experience needed! Join the Red Cross Biomed Team! At the American Red Cross, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission. When you join our Biomedical team, you can help save lives every day. You’ll be part of a like-minded team that shares a passion for making a difference and a work environment that supports growing, learning and succeeding. About this Role As a Phlebotomist, you’ll use your compassion and customer service skill to collect lifesaving blood donations from our volunteer donors and ensure they have the best experience possible. The Red Cross offers paid phlebotomy training with the ability to grow your skills and career within the nation’s top humanitarian organization. To learn more about being a phlebotomist, watch this short video: rdcrss.org/lifesavingrole Responsibilities Take the time to personally connect with donors – listen to their stories and help them understand the value of their donation Contribute to a friendly and fun environment. Team up with your co-workers to keep our donors coming back again and again Be detailed oriented all day, every day, to ensure that the blood you collect meets goals, regulatory requirements and can be safely transfused To best meet the needs of our donors and community, Phlebotomists work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays The aforementioned responsibilities of the Phlebotomist describe the general nature and level of work and are not an exhaustive list Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required Customer service experience and effective verbal communication skills are required Ability to work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays. Overnight travel may be required A current, valid driver's license and good driving record is required Ability to load and unload vehicles with or without reasonable accommodations Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., occasionally physically assisting donors experiencing an adverse reaction, as well as pushing or pulling heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs (potentially up to 250 lbs. in weight and with up to 75-degree angles). Physical requirements may be performed in adverse weather conditions Basic computer skills are desirable The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsMobile Phlebotomist (Paid Training)American Red Cross Atlanta, GeorgiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Help saves lives every day with a phlebotomy career at the American Red Cross. No experience needed! Join the Red Cross Biomed Team! At the American Red Cross, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission. When you join our Biomedical team, you can help save lives every day. You’ll be part of a like-minded team that shares a passion for making a difference and a work environment that supports growing, learning and succeeding. About this Role As a Phlebotomist, you’ll use your compassion and customer service skill to collect lifesaving blood donations from our volunteer donors and ensure they have the best experience possible. The Red Cross offers paid phlebotomy training with the ability to grow your skills and career within the nation’s top humanitarian organization. To learn more about being a phlebotomist, watch this short video: rdcrss.org/lifesavingrole Responsibilities Take the time to personally connect with donors – listen to their stories and help them understand the value of their donation Contribute to a friendly and fun environment. Team up with your co-workers to keep our donors coming back again and again Be detailed oriented all day, every day, to ensure that the blood you collect meets goals, regulatory requirements and can be safely transfused To best meet the needs of our donors and community, Phlebotomists work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays The aforementioned responsibilities of the Phlebotomist describe the general nature and level of work and are not an exhaustive list Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required Customer service experience and effective verbal communication skills are required Ability to work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays. Overnight travel may be required A current, valid driver's license and good driving record is required Ability to load and unload vehicles with or without reasonable accommodations Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., occasionally physically assisting donors experiencing an adverse reaction, as well as pushing or pulling heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs (potentially up to 250 lbs. in weight and with up to 75-degree angles). Physical requirements may be performed in adverse weather conditions Basic computer skills are desirable The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsDec 29, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Help saves lives every day with a phlebotomy career at the American Red Cross. No experience needed! Join the Red Cross Biomed Team! At the American Red Cross, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission. When you join our Biomedical team, you can help save lives every day. You’ll be part of a like-minded team that shares a passion for making a difference and a work environment that supports growing, learning and succeeding. About this Role As a Phlebotomist, you’ll use your compassion and customer service skill to collect lifesaving blood donations from our volunteer donors and ensure they have the best experience possible. The Red Cross offers paid phlebotomy training with the ability to grow your skills and career within the nation’s top humanitarian organization. To learn more about being a phlebotomist, watch this short video: rdcrss.org/lifesavingrole Responsibilities Take the time to personally connect with donors – listen to their stories and help them understand the value of their donation Contribute to a friendly and fun environment. Team up with your co-workers to keep our donors coming back again and again Be detailed oriented all day, every day, to ensure that the blood you collect meets goals, regulatory requirements and can be safely transfused To best meet the needs of our donors and community, Phlebotomists work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays The aforementioned responsibilities of the Phlebotomist describe the general nature and level of work and are not an exhaustive list Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required Customer service experience and effective verbal communication skills are required Ability to work a variable schedule including early mornings, late nights, weekends and holidays. Overnight travel may be required A current, valid driver's license and good driving record is required Ability to load and unload vehicles with or without reasonable accommodations Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., occasionally physically assisting donors experiencing an adverse reaction, as well as pushing or pulling heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs (potentially up to 250 lbs. in weight and with up to 75-degree angles). Physical requirements may be performed in adverse weather conditions Basic computer skills are desirable The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsPhlebotomy/Driver-Paid Phlebotomy TrainingAmerican Red Cross Atlanta, GeorgiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Responsibilities 1. Comply with applicable Federal, State and local regulations as well as all American Red Cross policies, procedures and guidelines. 2. Perform whole blood collection procedures (allogeneic, autologous, directed, therapeutic). Performs donor health history screening procedures. 3. Conduct donor greeting, processing and packing blood, and donor reaction care as assigned. 4. Perform daily function checks, assemble and maintain supplies and equipment to ensure a state of readiness and to maintain compliance. 5. Function with team effort to ensure efficient donation process focused on donor and sponsor expectations. Maintain positive public relations to promote a professional image. 6. May operate ARC vehicles. May transport supplies and equipment in a state of readiness and to ensure compliance. May operate assigned vehicle according to applicable regulations. Collections Staff that is hired with DOT driving responsibilities will perform vehicle checks and complete DOT paperwork per established protocol. 7. Load, set up, maintain and tear down supplies and equipment in a state of readiness and to ensure compliance. 8. Complete required readings and training assignments by assigned deadline. 9. Perform other related duties as necessary. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required of staff so classified. Scope May drive ARC vehicles throughout the blood region to collection sites, set-up and tear down and provide other related donor and operation support. Will have frequent external customer (donor and sponsor) contact. Balance production, customer service and compliance on a daily basis, ensuring integrity of product and optimum donor experience. As an integral link between donors and ARCBS, portray a commitment to customer service by conveying and demonstrating a consistent style of professionalism. Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required. Medical assistant or phlebotomy training preferred. Customer service experience, effective verbal communication, and public relations skills are required. A current valid driver's license and good driving record is required. Previous truck and/or bus driving experience is desirable. Collections Staff that is hired with DOT driving responsibilities will be required to pass DOT physical and related requirements and be able to posses or obtain a medical certification of at least one year duration. Basic computer skills desirable. Applicable local licensure if required by state directives. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements The duties above indicate the essential functions of the position. Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., squatting, push or pull heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs, good manual dexterity, the ability to sit or stand for long periods of time and adapt to long, irregular hours and frequent schedule changes is required. At the American Red Cross, we conduct many mobile blood drives at businesses, schools and many other locations. All staff work as a team to setup and tear down the equipment required to conduct a mobile blood drive. This involves pushing carts up to 250 lbs., setting up beds and handling many totes containing equipment and snacks for the donors. Exposure levels are based on the essential functions as stated in this position description; however, in some instances, variances may occur due to the applicable nature of this position within a particular work site. Therefore the work site may determine the exposure level to be greater than or less than the below stated level. This position is an exposure determination I in view of the fact that the position requires the incumbent work under conditions where the potential exists for the incumbent to make contact with blood or blood components as a result of splashes, spills, and/or needlesticks. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsNov 23, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Responsibilities 1. Comply with applicable Federal, State and local regulations as well as all American Red Cross policies, procedures and guidelines. 2. Perform whole blood collection procedures (allogeneic, autologous, directed, therapeutic). Performs donor health history screening procedures. 3. Conduct donor greeting, processing and packing blood, and donor reaction care as assigned. 4. Perform daily function checks, assemble and maintain supplies and equipment to ensure a state of readiness and to maintain compliance. 5. Function with team effort to ensure efficient donation process focused on donor and sponsor expectations. Maintain positive public relations to promote a professional image. 6. May operate ARC vehicles. May transport supplies and equipment in a state of readiness and to ensure compliance. May operate assigned vehicle according to applicable regulations. Collections Staff that is hired with DOT driving responsibilities will perform vehicle checks and complete DOT paperwork per established protocol. 7. Load, set up, maintain and tear down supplies and equipment in a state of readiness and to ensure compliance. 8. Complete required readings and training assignments by assigned deadline. 9. Perform other related duties as necessary. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required of staff so classified. Scope May drive ARC vehicles throughout the blood region to collection sites, set-up and tear down and provide other related donor and operation support. Will have frequent external customer (donor and sponsor) contact. Balance production, customer service and compliance on a daily basis, ensuring integrity of product and optimum donor experience. As an integral link between donors and ARCBS, portray a commitment to customer service by conveying and demonstrating a consistent style of professionalism. Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required. Medical assistant or phlebotomy training preferred. Customer service experience, effective verbal communication, and public relations skills are required. A current valid driver's license and good driving record is required. Previous truck and/or bus driving experience is desirable. Collections Staff that is hired with DOT driving responsibilities will be required to pass DOT physical and related requirements and be able to posses or obtain a medical certification of at least one year duration. Basic computer skills desirable. Applicable local licensure if required by state directives. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements The duties above indicate the essential functions of the position. Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Physical requirements may include the ability to lift up to 50 lbs., squatting, push or pull heavy weights up and down ramps and stairs, good manual dexterity, the ability to sit or stand for long periods of time and adapt to long, irregular hours and frequent schedule changes is required. At the American Red Cross, we conduct many mobile blood drives at businesses, schools and many other locations. All staff work as a team to setup and tear down the equipment required to conduct a mobile blood drive. This involves pushing carts up to 250 lbs., setting up beds and handling many totes containing equipment and snacks for the donors. Exposure levels are based on the essential functions as stated in this position description; however, in some instances, variances may occur due to the applicable nature of this position within a particular work site. Therefore the work site may determine the exposure level to be greater than or less than the below stated level. This position is an exposure determination I in view of the fact that the position requires the incumbent work under conditions where the potential exists for the incumbent to make contact with blood or blood components as a result of splashes, spills, and/or needlesticks. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsClinical Services Nurse Specialist (RN)American Red Cross Atlanta, GeorgiaPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Under the direction of the Medical Director and Apheresis Supervisor/Manager has the responsibility to perform clinical apheresis procedures. These procedures may include, but are not limited to, plasma exchanges, red cell exchanges, platelet and white cell reductions, photopheresis and hematopoietic progenitor cell collections. Demonstrate excellence in customer service and public relations to promote a positive professional image of the American Red Cross. Responsibilities 1. Perform all phases of therapeutic apheresis procedures, ensuring safe and appropriate care of patient. 2. Assess patient status relative to therapeutic apheresis, prior and during procedures, utilizing nursing process. Patient assessment to include laboratory testing results and other clinically significant procedures. 3. Coordinate closely with physicians and nurses at a variety of hospitals to arrange therapeutic apheresis treatments and facilitate coordinated care. Evaluate patient medication for compatibility and safety of apheresis procedure and determine when to contact the physician. 4. Demonstrate knowledge and compliance with all ARC departmental and organizational standard operating procedures, policies, practices and regulations. 5. Explain, as needed, clinical apheresis procedures to patients and their family and other attending healthcare professionals. 6. Represent the American Red Cross to the community and internal customers by establishing and promoting a positive organizational and professional image. 7. Complete necessary training and demonstrate competency to perform each job function. 8. Assemble, restock, QC and maintain supplies and equipment in a state of readiness to maintain a clean, safe and efficient work environment. Shift: 1st shift Qualifications Registered Nurse (RA) with current state licensure as required. A minimum of one year experience in medical/surgical or critical care nursing is required. Current CPR certification. Good vein selection and venipuncture skills are essential. Good verbal communication skills and the ability to effectively discuss procedures and medical issues with patients, families, and physicians. Previous apheresis or dialysis experience is preferred. Customer service experience, effective verbal communication and public relation skills are preferred. A current valid driver’s license and good driving record are required. Physical Requirements Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Required to wear protective clothing such as lab coats, gloves, face shields, etc. when there is exposure to blood and blood products and/or where work location requires. Ability to use a wide variety of lab or medical equipment. Ability to use a personal computer and applicable software for sustained periods of time. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsAug 10, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Under the direction of the Medical Director and Apheresis Supervisor/Manager has the responsibility to perform clinical apheresis procedures. These procedures may include, but are not limited to, plasma exchanges, red cell exchanges, platelet and white cell reductions, photopheresis and hematopoietic progenitor cell collections. Demonstrate excellence in customer service and public relations to promote a positive professional image of the American Red Cross. Responsibilities 1. Perform all phases of therapeutic apheresis procedures, ensuring safe and appropriate care of patient. 2. Assess patient status relative to therapeutic apheresis, prior and during procedures, utilizing nursing process. Patient assessment to include laboratory testing results and other clinically significant procedures. 3. Coordinate closely with physicians and nurses at a variety of hospitals to arrange therapeutic apheresis treatments and facilitate coordinated care. Evaluate patient medication for compatibility and safety of apheresis procedure and determine when to contact the physician. 4. Demonstrate knowledge and compliance with all ARC departmental and organizational standard operating procedures, policies, practices and regulations. 5. Explain, as needed, clinical apheresis procedures to patients and their family and other attending healthcare professionals. 6. Represent the American Red Cross to the community and internal customers by establishing and promoting a positive organizational and professional image. 7. Complete necessary training and demonstrate competency to perform each job function. 8. Assemble, restock, QC and maintain supplies and equipment in a state of readiness to maintain a clean, safe and efficient work environment. Shift: 1st shift Qualifications Registered Nurse (RA) with current state licensure as required. A minimum of one year experience in medical/surgical or critical care nursing is required. Current CPR certification. Good vein selection and venipuncture skills are essential. Good verbal communication skills and the ability to effectively discuss procedures and medical issues with patients, families, and physicians. Previous apheresis or dialysis experience is preferred. Customer service experience, effective verbal communication and public relation skills are preferred. A current valid driver’s license and good driving record are required. Physical Requirements Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs. Required to wear protective clothing such as lab coats, gloves, face shields, etc. when there is exposure to blood and blood products and/or where work location requires. Ability to use a wide variety of lab or medical equipment. Ability to use a personal computer and applicable software for sustained periods of time. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsLoad moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitter"
