"Work From Home Jobs in New York | HEA-Employment.comHomeFor CandidatesSearch JobsAdd a ResumeCandidate DashboardMy Job AlertsMy BookmarksMy ApplicationsJob Placement AssistanceProfessional Resume ServicesFor EmployersSearch ResumesAdd a JobEmployer DashboardBlogWrite For UsSubmit Your ArticleSubmission GuidelinesSign inSign upHomeFor CandidatesSearch JobsAdd a ResumeCandidate DashboardMy Job AlertsMy BookmarksMy ApplicationsJob Placement AssistanceProfessional Resume ServicesFor EmployersSearch ResumesAdd a JobEmployer DashboardBlogWrite For UsSubmit Your ArticleSubmission GuidelinesModal titleClosework from home jobs found in new yorkFreelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)A company committed to community journalism is seeking freelance writers and photographers to local communities.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeA company committed to community journalism is seeking freelance writers and photographers to local communities.Remote Internet ResearcherHEA Remote (Anywhere)Acting company is looking for a freelancer to compile casting notices for performers in Oregon, Washington State, Vancouver and the Northeastern United States. Every week, we publishe hundreds of job listings for actors, dancers, singers, musicians, and other performers in film, TV, stage, musicals, voiceover, and much more. We also publish ads seeking models, writers, reality TV participants, and behind-the-scenes staff. We post jobs for all fifty states and Canada. This is freelance position only. Pay is $300 a month to start. We are seeking: A detail-oriented person who has some experience in the performing arts; can do research, especially on the Web; has a professional manner; and can write clearly and concisely. Job requirements include finding casting information from a variety of sources; verifying it (usually by email or phone contact); writing or editing it into a specified format; then submitting the finished casting notice to us for publication. Knowledge of MS Word, Web research, and the performing arts required. Some knowledge of HTML helpful but not required.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeActing company is looking for a freelancer to compile casting notices for performers in Oregon, Washington State, Vancouver and the Northeastern United States. Every week, we publishe hundreds of job listings for actors, dancers, singers, musicians, and other performers in film, TV, stage, musicals, voiceover, and much more. We also publish ads seeking models, writers, reality TV participants, and behind-the-scenes staff. We post jobs for all fifty states and Canada. This is freelance position only. Pay is $300 a month to start. We are seeking: A detail-oriented person who has some experience in the performing arts; can do research, especially on the Web; has a professional manner; and can write clearly and concisely. Job requirements include finding casting information from a variety of sources; verifying it (usually by email or phone contact); writing or editing it into a specified format; then submitting the finished casting notice to us for publication. Knowledge of MS Word, Web research, and the performing arts required. Some knowledge of HTML helpful but not required.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)Before submitting a proposal, please review this site to learn more about our current list and the type of books we typically publish. When submitting a proposal, please keep in mind that it may take up to three months for editors to review it. Outlined below are suggested materials to include in your proposal; the more information you can give us to understand your project, the better. Please send only copies of your material, not originals. Please note that we do not accept proposals on disks or via e-mail or fax. A proposal may include: A cover letter giving a short description of the project and what materials are included in the package. A proposal, which includes an outline, introduction, art list, and sample text/chapters. Sample illustrations or photographs (duplicates, not originals). A market analysis of the potential readership for your book, including a comparison to similar books. Author biography and credentials. A self-addressed, stamped envelope for the return of materials.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeBefore submitting a proposal, please review this site to learn more about our current list and the type of books we typically publish. When submitting a proposal, please keep in mind that it may take up to three months for editors to review it. Outlined below are suggested materials to include in your proposal; the more information you can give us to understand your project, the better. Please send only copies of your material, not originals. Please note that we do not accept proposals on disks or via e-mail or fax. A proposal may include: A cover letter giving a short description of the project and what materials are included in the package. A proposal, which includes an outline, introduction, art list, and sample text/chapters. Sample illustrations or photographs (duplicates, not originals). A market analysis of the potential readership for your book, including a comparison to similar books. Author biography and credentials. A self-addressed, stamped envelope for the return of materials.Remote Data EntryHEA Remote (Anywhere)Data Entry. The premier online based Room and Roommate service is looking for a new member to join our team on a part time basis. Primary duty will be to assist in keeping our database up to date as new members join our community. You will be expected to work from home, so internet access and knowledge in using the web a must. Scheduling will consist of roughly 1 hour per weeknight (m-f), and 1 weekend day (sunday) 4-6 hours, for an average of 10-12 hours per week. Searching for a responsible, self motived person that can be relied upon to execute duties as per instructed and on time.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeData Entry. The premier online based Room and Roommate service is looking for a new member to join our team on a part time basis. Primary duty will be to assist in keeping our database up to date as new members join our community. You will be expected to work from home, so internet access and knowledge in using the web a must. Scheduling will consist of roughly 1 hour per weeknight (m-f), and 1 weekend day (sunday) 4-6 hours, for an average of 10-12 hours per week. Searching for a responsible, self motived person that can be relied upon to execute duties as per instructed and on time.Remote Quality Assurance Control SpecialistHEA Remote (Anywhere)Digital entertainment is everywhere you live. On your PC, in your living room and with you on the go on portable media devices and mobile phones. But no matter where you are accessing your entertainment, chances are you have seen and heard us in action. From our leading-edge technologies used by some of the biggest brands in world, to our extensive portfolio of music and video content, we are changing the way that people can experience the very best in digital entertainment. So, if you share our passion for digital innovation and want to take part in shaping its future, come be part of the our team. Some Key Responsibilities include: Format raw metadata to meet company standards using proprietary Data Style Guide and proprietary data editing software. Assure quality assurance using various sources, including physical media, content provider source, and/or internet research. Create database shells from physical media. Cover art screening/manipulation and audio ripping, if necessary. Provide status reports to management. Skills/Requirements/Qualifications: High School or equivalent degree required. Previous clerical or media cataloging experience desired. Must be proficient with common Windows computer business applications (i.e. Microsoft Office, Access, Adobe Photoshop and others). Must be organized with a strong attention to detail. Must have excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills. Ability to work well in a project-driven environment under deadline pressure, and to remain flexible at a rapidly changing and sometimes demanding pace. College-level degree and/or equivalent training, course work a plus. Familiarity with the flow of digital content a plus. A true music aficionado, familiar with artists spanning a wide swath of genres, is a plus.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeDigital entertainment is everywhere you live. On your PC, in your living room and with you on the go on portable media devices and mobile phones. But no matter where you are accessing your entertainment, chances are you have seen and heard us in action. From our leading-edge technologies used by some of the biggest brands in world, to our extensive portfolio of music and video content, we are changing the way that people can experience the very best in digital entertainment. So, if you share our passion for digital innovation and want to take part in shaping its future, come be part of the our team. Some Key Responsibilities include: Format raw metadata to meet company standards using proprietary Data Style Guide and proprietary data editing software. Assure quality assurance using various sources, including physical media, content provider source, and/or internet research. Create database shells from physical media. Cover art screening/manipulation and audio ripping, if necessary. Provide status reports to management. Skills/Requirements/Qualifications: High School or equivalent degree required. Previous clerical or media cataloging experience desired. Must be proficient with common Windows computer business applications (i.e. Microsoft Office, Access, Adobe Photoshop and others). Must be organized with a strong attention to detail. Must have excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills. Ability to work well in a project-driven environment under deadline pressure, and to remain flexible at a rapidly changing and sometimes demanding pace. College-level degree and/or equivalent training, course work a plus. Familiarity with the flow of digital content a plus. A true music aficionado, familiar with artists spanning a wide swath of genres, is a plus.Remote Administrative AssistantHEA Remote (Anywhere)Administrative Assistant. Successful candidate must possess excellent clerical, organizational and mathematical skills. Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Must have excellent telephone and oral and written communications skills. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail and be able to work independently with minimal direction. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information. Required to have the ability to access, retrieve, and analyze data. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information. Successful candidate must possess excellent clerical, organizational and mathematical skills. Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Must have excellent telephone and oral and written communications skills. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail and be able to work independently with minimal direction. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information. Required to have the ability to access, retrieve, and analyze data. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeAdministrative Assistant. Successful candidate must possess excellent clerical, organizational and mathematical skills. Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Must have excellent telephone and oral and written communications skills. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail and be able to work independently with minimal direction. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information. Required to have the ability to access, retrieve, and analyze data. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information. Successful candidate must possess excellent clerical, organizational and mathematical skills. Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Must have excellent telephone and oral and written communications skills. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail and be able to work independently with minimal direction. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information. Required to have the ability to access, retrieve, and analyze data. Must exercise discretion in coordinating projects, reports and information.Freelance BloggerHEA Remote (Anywhere)Are you a professional blogger or freelance writer looking into paid blogging opportunities? We here at Blogger Jobs would love to help you out. We can post your resume and links to existing bodies of work if you get in touch with us through our contact form.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeAre you a professional blogger or freelance writer looking into paid blogging opportunities? We here at Blogger Jobs would love to help you out. We can post your resume and links to existing bodies of work if you get in touch with us through our contact form.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)Are you a professional journalist? A world class expert on a specific topic? Or maybe just someone with a passion and the desire to write about it online? Whether you like to write theater reviews, political essays, tips on building a deck, or opinions about your favorite bands and sports teams, now you can get your words published in a bold new way thanks to us. And even better, you can get paid for it.How? We are an open content submission platform that is looking for people just like you to answer the call for timely writing assignments about current topics that the Internet needs. These topics are posted here on our site and all you have to do is answer the call, publish an original piece of work and get a chance for a piece of the action when it is posted. Each post you provide is guaranteed to be accessed by others on the extensive Network which covers 80 different topics. If you can turn a phrase, now you can turn it into money.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeAre you a professional journalist? A world class expert on a specific topic? Or maybe just someone with a passion and the desire to write about it online? Whether you like to write theater reviews, political essays, tips on building a deck, or opinions about your favorite bands and sports teams, now you can get your words published in a bold new way thanks to us. And even better, you can get paid for it.How? We are an open content submission platform that is looking for people just like you to answer the call for timely writing assignments about current topics that the Internet needs. These topics are posted here on our site and all you have to do is answer the call, publish an original piece of work and get a chance for a piece of the action when it is posted. Each post you provide is guaranteed to be accessed by others on the extensive Network which covers 80 different topics. If you can turn a phrase, now you can turn it into money.Remote Loan ProcessorHEA Remote (Anywhere)As interest rates continue to rise and the refinance boom comes to an end, mortgage brokers are left with no other choice but to downsize. Typically, it is the in-house loan processors that get laid off first, and as a result, mortgage brokers opt for a more cost-effective option: contract mortgage processing. We recognize this growing trend and offer a very affordable way for new as well as existing contract loan processors to successfully launch a work-from-home mortgage loan processing business. In an effort to reduce overhead, mortgage brokerage firms are seeking contract processing companies to outsource their loan processing. Taking part of our Work-at-Home Loan Processing Program enables a contract loan processor to capitalize on this growing trend and begin working from home. As a contract processor, you will process loans for both local and national mortgage brokerage firms. We simply provide you with all the tools and resources you need to launch your own business: website, agreements/forms, online pipeline report, and even new broker clients to sign up with. If you have a minimum of 3-5 years loan processing experience and can process all types of loans, including FHA/VA, Conventional, Construction and Sub-Prime, then we might be a good option for you to help build your own work-at-home contract processing company.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeAs interest rates continue to rise and the refinance boom comes to an end, mortgage brokers are left with no other choice but to downsize. Typically, it is the in-house loan processors that get laid off first, and as a result, mortgage brokers opt for a more cost-effective option: contract mortgage processing. We recognize this growing trend and offer a very affordable way for new as well as existing contract loan processors to successfully launch a work-from-home mortgage loan processing business. In an effort to reduce overhead, mortgage brokerage firms are seeking contract processing companies to outsource their loan processing. Taking part of our Work-at-Home Loan Processing Program enables a contract loan processor to capitalize on this growing trend and begin working from home. As a contract processor, you will process loans for both local and national mortgage brokerage firms. We simply provide you with all the tools and resources you need to launch your own business: website, agreements/forms, online pipeline report, and even new broker clients to sign up with. If you have a minimum of 3-5 years loan processing experience and can process all types of loans, including FHA/VA, Conventional, Construction and Sub-Prime, then we might be a good option for you to help build your own work-at-home contract processing company.Remote TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We have a constant demand for a pool of experienced transcriptionists to accurately transcribe electronic documents of audio- and video-recorded proceedings, lectures, discussions, interviews, web casts, and conference calls. Applicants should be good typists, with a strong grasp of English grammar, punctuation, and vocabulary, who are detail-oriented and capable of following very specific instructions. Familiarity with word-processing packages as well as experience using electronic transcription equipment is a necessity. Experience in transcribing legal, medical, or technical documents is especially useful.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe have a constant demand for a pool of experienced transcriptionists to accurately transcribe electronic documents of audio- and video-recorded proceedings, lectures, discussions, interviews, web casts, and conference calls. Applicants should be good typists, with a strong grasp of English grammar, punctuation, and vocabulary, who are detail-oriented and capable of following very specific instructions. Familiarity with word-processing packages as well as experience using electronic transcription equipment is a necessity. Experience in transcribing legal, medical, or technical documents is especially useful.Remote Medical TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We have full time positions available transcribing Clinic and Hospital dictation. Our incentive based line rate is very competitive in the industry. If you have at least 2 years of experience and are interested in joining a company that prides itself in staffing the best MTs in the country, please go to our website and submit an application. Please take at least two of the transcription tests in your specialty after submitting your application.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe have full time positions available transcribing Clinic and Hospital dictation. Our incentive based line rate is very competitive in the industry. If you have at least 2 years of experience and are interested in joining a company that prides itself in staffing the best MTs in the country, please go to our website and submit an application. Please take at least two of the transcription tests in your specialty after submitting your application.Remote Medical TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We have well trained and experienced transcribers. All our transcribers have over two years of experience within a specialization area at the time of hiring. Every transcriber is assigned a standby transcriber to provide interrupted work turn around due to absense, etc. Experience: 2 years as a transcriptionist. Hardware/Software: MS-Word and must have Wave or DSS Foot Pedal.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe have well trained and experienced transcribers. All our transcribers have over two years of experience within a specialization area at the time of hiring. Every transcriber is assigned a standby transcriber to provide interrupted work turn around due to absense, etc. Experience: 2 years as a transcriptionist. Hardware/Software: MS-Word and must have Wave or DSS Foot Pedal.Remote Account Executive RepresentativeHEA Remote (Anywhere)We need Account Representatives and Others. These jobs involve telecommuting from a home-based virtual office. Experience as a programmer business analyst or other technical position is a plus not required. You are expected to work a minimum of 60 hours per week (average for a recruiter in our firm) have a strong work ethic and be motivated far beyond the above average individual. Experience as a programmer business analyst or other technical position is a plus but not required. You are expected to work a minimum of 60 hours per week (average for a recruiter in our firm) have a strong work ethic and be motivated far beyond the above average individual.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe need Account Representatives and Others. These jobs involve telecommuting from a home-based virtual office. Experience as a programmer business analyst or other technical position is a plus not required. You are expected to work a minimum of 60 hours per week (average for a recruiter in our firm) have a strong work ethic and be motivated far beyond the above average individual. Experience as a programmer business analyst or other technical position is a plus but not required. You are expected to work a minimum of 60 hours per week (average for a recruiter in our firm) have a strong work ethic and be motivated far beyond the above average individual.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We provide an in-depth coverage of culture, health, music and other lifestyle issues that pertains to Africans on a global plane with the goal of providing a breeding ground for progressing and provocative discussion. We welcome new writers and prefer to use those with previous journalism/writing experience. Thanks again for your interest. We look forward to working with you. Writers Guidelines: With more than 300,000 unique national and international visitors a month and growing, our features web-exclusive and user-driven content. This site exists to give our audience a voice. Our readers are our writers. We are also looking for recurring expert columnists in a variety of categories, from social justice to politics to cultural adjustment when living abroad. Just check out our Column categories and let us know where you would fit. Queries: Send a one-paragraph query to Editor. Include a summary describing the article idea, an approximate length and date it could be finished. Email submissions preferred, please refrain from phone or fax pitches. [Note: You do not have to query a story idea before sending it in.] We will forward the query to the appropriate section editor. Submissions: We prefer submissions as Word attachments. Your name and a one-two sentence bio should be included with your submission, as well as an author photo (for the online bio) if possible. Submissions to the website are on a donation basis (byline and bio are compensation). Articles are automatically archived. Please double-check spelling and grammar before submitting. All articles will be edited for length, grammar, content, style and tone. We do our best to respond to all inquiries, but be aware that we are sometimes inundated. If you have not heard back from us after 4-6 weeks, please assume that we will not be able to use your idea or submission.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe provide an in-depth coverage of culture, health, music and other lifestyle issues that pertains to Africans on a global plane with the goal of providing a breeding ground for progressing and provocative discussion. We welcome new writers and prefer to use those with previous journalism/writing experience. Thanks again for your interest. We look forward to working with you. Writers Guidelines: With more than 300,000 unique national and international visitors a month and growing, our features web-exclusive and user-driven content. This site exists to give our audience a voice. Our readers are our writers. We are also looking for recurring expert columnists in a variety of categories, from social justice to politics to cultural adjustment when living abroad. Just check out our Column categories and let us know where you would fit. Queries: Send a one-paragraph query to Editor. Include a summary describing the article idea, an approximate length and date it could be finished. Email submissions preferred, please refrain from phone or fax pitches. [Note: You do not have to query a story idea before sending it in.] We will forward the query to the appropriate section editor. Submissions: We prefer submissions as Word attachments. Your name and a one-two sentence bio should be included with your submission, as well as an author photo (for the online bio) if possible. Submissions to the website are on a donation basis (byline and bio are compensation). Articles are automatically archived. Please double-check spelling and grammar before submitting. All articles will be edited for length, grammar, content, style and tone. We do our best to respond to all inquiries, but be aware that we are sometimes inundated. If you have not heard back from us after 4-6 weeks, please assume that we will not be able to use your idea or submission.Remote TranslatorHEA Remote (Anywhere)We provide a full range of reporting, transcription, translation and interpreting services. We are always looking for good and dedicated professionals. Experienced translators and interpreters needed.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe provide a full range of reporting, transcription, translation and interpreting services. We are always looking for good and dedicated professionals. Experienced translators and interpreters needed.Remote TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We seeks out people who are talented and proficient. Our collaborative approach and team environment give you opportunities for career growth. We are committed to delivering top quality work, and care passionately about customer service. We offer part-time positions in transcription. Work can be performed either in our office in Harvard Square or at home. A typing speed of at least 75 wpm. Excellent English language and grammar skills. Experience in transcription and word processing. Ability to keep to a schedule.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe seeks out people who are talented and proficient. Our collaborative approach and team environment give you opportunities for career growth. We are committed to delivering top quality work, and care passionately about customer service. We offer part-time positions in transcription. Work can be performed either in our office in Harvard Square or at home. A typing speed of at least 75 wpm. Excellent English language and grammar skills. Experience in transcription and word processing. Ability to keep to a schedule.Remote Mystery ShopperHEA Remote (Anywhere)We train our shoppers over the phone and via e-mails constantly in order to ensure a high level of quality for the reports you will obtain from us. The instructions for each shop are available online 24/7 for the shoppers to review or print out before they do the shop. Shopper checks are mailed out the month FOLLOWING when your shop was completed. (i.e. If you did the shop in April, your check will be sent to you in May.) The checks are proofed, processed, and sent out by the last business day of the month. Please allow one to two weeks to receive your check. Also, note that we are in Northern California so if you are on the East Coast the mailing time could be longer. We also have a Shopper Testing, Certification, and Recertification process that requires shoppers to take specific quizzes in order to perform shops/assignments. Each shopper is constantly monitored for professionalism, quality, accuracy, and turnaround times with ongoing training continuing throughout the relationship with the shopper. You can search for open prospects using the prospects tool available in our shopper intranet or you can call us and one of our schedulers will be glad to schedule you for a shop available in your area. How often you will be working depends on where you are located. Many of our clients change locations monthly so we will most likely not have the pleasure of working with you on a regular basis.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe train our shoppers over the phone and via e-mails constantly in order to ensure a high level of quality for the reports you will obtain from us. The instructions for each shop are available online 24/7 for the shoppers to review or print out before they do the shop. Shopper checks are mailed out the month FOLLOWING when your shop was completed. (i.e. If you did the shop in April, your check will be sent to you in May.) The checks are proofed, processed, and sent out by the last business day of the month. Please allow one to two weeks to receive your check. Also, note that we are in Northern California so if you are on the East Coast the mailing time could be longer. We also have a Shopper Testing, Certification, and Recertification process that requires shoppers to take specific quizzes in order to perform shops/assignments. Each shopper is constantly monitored for professionalism, quality, accuracy, and turnaround times with ongoing training continuing throughout the relationship with the shopper. You can search for open prospects using the prospects tool available in our shopper intranet or you can call us and one of our schedulers will be glad to schedule you for a shop available in your area. How often you will be working depends on where you are located. Many of our clients change locations monthly so we will most likely not have the pleasure of working with you on a regular basis.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We publish sixty books a year in bimonthly cycles of ten. A cycle consists of four Contemporary Romances, two Historical Romances, two Mysteries, and two Westerns. Books range in length from a minimum of 50,000 words to a maximum of 70,000 words. However, if the manuscript is exceptional, we will accept somewhat longer booksJan 23, 2021Full-timeWe publish sixty books a year in bimonthly cycles of ten. A cycle consists of four Contemporary Romances, two Historical Romances, two Mysteries, and two Westerns. Books range in length from a minimum of 50,000 words to a maximum of 70,000 words. However, if the manuscript is exceptional, we will accept somewhat longer booksFreelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We publish teacher resource materials. We publish no fiction. If you have a manuscript that you think would be suitable for our needs, you may send: a letter of introduction; a table of contents; a sample chapter; and a self-addressed stamped envelope. If you would like your materials returned to you, please include an envelope large enough to hold the materials and with sufficient return postage. We make every effort to reply within 6-8 weeks. We publish teacher resource materials. We publish no fiction. If you have a manuscript that you think would be suitable for our needs, you may send: a letter of introduction; a table of contents; a sample chapter; and a self-addressed stamped envelope. If you would like your materials returned to you, please include an envelope large enough to hold the materials and with sufficient return postage. We make every effort to reply within 6-8 weeks.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe publish teacher resource materials. We publish no fiction. If you have a manuscript that you think would be suitable for our needs, you may send: a letter of introduction; a table of contents; a sample chapter; and a self-addressed stamped envelope. If you would like your materials returned to you, please include an envelope large enough to hold the materials and with sufficient return postage. We make every effort to reply within 6-8 weeks. We publish teacher resource materials. We publish no fiction. If you have a manuscript that you think would be suitable for our needs, you may send: a letter of introduction; a table of contents; a sample chapter; and a self-addressed stamped envelope. If you would like your materials returned to you, please include an envelope large enough to hold the materials and with sufficient return postage. We make every effort to reply within 6-8 weeks.Remote Web DeveloperHEA Remote (Anywhere)We work with independent developers to bring their products to market under our brand. We offer a variety of services to developers, including sales, marketing, and support. This allows you to do what you do best, and leave it up to us to handle the rest. We have been producing and marketing award-winning Macintosh and Windows software for over 15 years, and were proud to extend that expertise to third party developers. We offer a variety of services to developers, including sales, marketing, and support. This allows you to do what you do best, and leave it up to us to handle the rest.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe work with independent developers to bring their products to market under our brand. We offer a variety of services to developers, including sales, marketing, and support. This allows you to do what you do best, and leave it up to us to handle the rest. We have been producing and marketing award-winning Macintosh and Windows software for over 15 years, and were proud to extend that expertise to third party developers. We offer a variety of services to developers, including sales, marketing, and support. This allows you to do what you do best, and leave it up to us to handle the rest.Remote Word ProcessorHEA Remote (Anywhere)Word Processors. Temporary position either full or part-time to work on catalog in our office at first, possibly later at home. We also offer competitive compensation, a positive work environment, and room for you to advance. Expert proficiency in PC MS Word essential. Excellent typing and organizational skills.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWord Processors. Temporary position either full or part-time to work on catalog in our office at first, possibly later at home. We also offer competitive compensation, a positive work environment, and room for you to advance. Expert proficiency in PC MS Word essential. Excellent typing and organizational skills.Freelance ArtistHEA Remote (Anywhere)You are warmly invited to submit artwork to us. Artists whose work is chosen for the cover receive $200. Remember to include your name, address, and stamp credits on the back of each submission. Note: The due date is when the artwork is postmarked. There is no need to send it overnight, as long as you get to the post office on time. We prefer theme and other submissions no larger than 5in by 6-1/2in. All submissions are subject to reduction. Artwork can include highly dimensional art or 3-D pieces. Submit up to four entries per theme. Artwork is returned when accompanied by an SASE. If submitting for more than one theme, please include an SASE for each theme, this helps us keep track of everything. On your SASE include the words: DO NOT BEND. On the back of artwork, include your name, address, telephone number (or e-mail address). Project instructions are NOT needed at this time. Please note that we also welcome artwork not on a specific theme for various columns within each issue. Please send these submissions separately from theme artwork. Also, please note that when artwork is not returned right away, that means we are considering it for a future issue, either a second centerfold or for one of the columns. If you have 3-D artwork or live outside the USA and Canada, send scanned or photographed 100-dpi jpgs images via e-mail. Please include stamp credits, your name, address and phone number within the e-mail.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeYou are warmly invited to submit artwork to us. Artists whose work is chosen for the cover receive $200. Remember to include your name, address, and stamp credits on the back of each submission. Note: The due date is when the artwork is postmarked. There is no need to send it overnight, as long as you get to the post office on time. We prefer theme and other submissions no larger than 5in by 6-1/2in. All submissions are subject to reduction. Artwork can include highly dimensional art or 3-D pieces. Submit up to four entries per theme. Artwork is returned when accompanied by an SASE. If submitting for more than one theme, please include an SASE for each theme, this helps us keep track of everything. On your SASE include the words: DO NOT BEND. On the back of artwork, include your name, address, telephone number (or e-mail address). Project instructions are NOT needed at this time. Please note that we also welcome artwork not on a specific theme for various columns within each issue. Please send these submissions separately from theme artwork. Also, please note that when artwork is not returned right away, that means we are considering it for a future issue, either a second centerfold or for one of the columns. If you have 3-D artwork or live outside the USA and Canada, send scanned or photographed 100-dpi jpgs images via e-mail. Please include stamp credits, your name, address and phone number within the e-mail.Virtual Travel AgentHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are looking for Independent Travel Agents with a strong background in Native Sabre (must pass skills assessment test) and Domestic/International Corporate booking experience. Strong background in Native Sabre (must pass skills assessment test) and Domestic/International Corporate booking experience. Agent must have landline phone (no cable or VOIP) and Windows 7 or Vista operating system. If you are interested, apply via our website. Please put Sabre in the Referred by field.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are looking for Independent Travel Agents with a strong background in Native Sabre (must pass skills assessment test) and Domestic/International Corporate booking experience. Strong background in Native Sabre (must pass skills assessment test) and Domestic/International Corporate booking experience. Agent must have landline phone (no cable or VOIP) and Windows 7 or Vista operating system. If you are interested, apply via our website. Please put Sabre in the Referred by field.Remote Medical Content AssistantHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are looking for the top medical transcriptionists and medical content specialists in the US not yet on the team. You are here because you have a remarkable standard for your work product and have the skills and track record to prove it. Get rewarded for it! Recent Graduate from an approved AHDI program that Nuance considers. These currently include MTEC, Inc., Career Step (Honors/High Honors graduates only), Everett College, Winter Park Tech and Seminole State College. We will verify your graduation date and status with your program prior to hire. Knowledge of medical terminology, AHDI guidelines and procedures. Knowledge of medical transcription guidelines and practices. Ability to operate designated word processing, dictation, and transcription equipment, and other equipment as specified. Ability to access appropriate reference materials. Excellent listening skills and ability to understand diverse accents and dialects and varying dictation styles. Ability to work under pressure with time constraints. Ability to use excellent English grammar and spelling. Ability to speak, read and write the English language fluently.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are looking for the top medical transcriptionists and medical content specialists in the US not yet on the team. You are here because you have a remarkable standard for your work product and have the skills and track record to prove it. Get rewarded for it! Recent Graduate from an approved AHDI program that Nuance considers. These currently include MTEC, Inc., Career Step (Honors/High Honors graduates only), Everett College, Winter Park Tech and Seminole State College. We will verify your graduation date and status with your program prior to hire. Knowledge of medical terminology, AHDI guidelines and procedures. Knowledge of medical transcription guidelines and practices. Ability to operate designated word processing, dictation, and transcription equipment, and other equipment as specified. Ability to access appropriate reference materials. Excellent listening skills and ability to understand diverse accents and dialects and varying dictation styles. Ability to work under pressure with time constraints. Ability to use excellent English grammar and spelling. Ability to speak, read and write the English language fluently.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are recruiting freelance writers to pitch and write business stories about the live music and sports industry. Our magazine is targeted at operators or concert halls, stadiums, arenas, convention centers, performing arts theatres and fairgrounds. We offer two products to our subscribers: a monthly magazine and a weekly e-mail newsletter. We are currently looking for writers for our e-newsletter. Articles typically run 600-800 words and pay $100 a piece. You will also be responsible for helping us find art for the piece, typically one or two photos, often provided by the source. This position is best suited to a business reporter looking to pick up one or two stories a month and get some footing in the life-entertainment industry. The perk of this position is that it often means free tickets to concerts and sporting events. That being said, we are not looking for reviewers or feature writers. Having an understanding of business journalism is crucial. A background in trade journalism is a big-plus. We assign some stories, but we are looking for writers to pitch us ideas. We are looking for writers to cover the following areas: Regional Writers who can form some type of relationship with the major NFL, NBA and MLB facilities in their geographic area. Please also learn the regions major festivals and key concert promoters and industry figures. Regions can be as large as a section of the United States (i.e. Pacific Northwest, New England), or as small as a single state or metropolitan area (i.e. New Jersey, the Bay Area, Orlando). This area is wide-open. Marketing Writers who follow marketing trends of venues and ticketing companies. In this position, we will assign you a bulk of the stories. Talent Writers who have a good sense of writing business articles about touring acts and sports teams. These can be some of the most difficult articles to write because it is often hard to get comments from major acts, but also rewarding because of the clips one can accumulate. We are looking for resourceful writers. Food and Concessions: This position will be one of the easier to build because most of the concert/sports food operations in the U.S. are handled by about five to six large companies with responsive P.R. contacts. Also looking for stories about trends in dining and new alcohol products. If this position interests you, please send a resume and two writing samples to the email address listed above. Also provide one or two story pitches you think would work well in our magazine.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are recruiting freelance writers to pitch and write business stories about the live music and sports industry. Our magazine is targeted at operators or concert halls, stadiums, arenas, convention centers, performing arts theatres and fairgrounds. We offer two products to our subscribers: a monthly magazine and a weekly e-mail newsletter. We are currently looking for writers for our e-newsletter. Articles typically run 600-800 words and pay $100 a piece. You will also be responsible for helping us find art for the piece, typically one or two photos, often provided by the source. This position is best suited to a business reporter looking to pick up one or two stories a month and get some footing in the life-entertainment industry. The perk of this position is that it often means free tickets to concerts and sporting events. That being said, we are not looking for reviewers or feature writers. Having an understanding of business journalism is crucial. A background in trade journalism is a big-plus. We assign some stories, but we are looking for writers to pitch us ideas. We are looking for writers to cover the following areas: Regional Writers who can form some type of relationship with the major NFL, NBA and MLB facilities in their geographic area. Please also learn the regions major festivals and key concert promoters and industry figures. Regions can be as large as a section of the United States (i.e. Pacific Northwest, New England), or as small as a single state or metropolitan area (i.e. New Jersey, the Bay Area, Orlando). This area is wide-open. Marketing Writers who follow marketing trends of venues and ticketing companies. In this position, we will assign you a bulk of the stories. Talent Writers who have a good sense of writing business articles about touring acts and sports teams. These can be some of the most difficult articles to write because it is often hard to get comments from major acts, but also rewarding because of the clips one can accumulate. We are looking for resourceful writers. Food and Concessions: This position will be one of the easier to build because most of the concert/sports food operations in the U.S. are handled by about five to six large companies with responsive P.R. contacts. Also looking for stories about trends in dining and new alcohol products. If this position interests you, please send a resume and two writing samples to the email address listed above. Also provide one or two story pitches you think would work well in our magazine.Online Sales AgentHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are seeking pet loving online marketing professionals for Internet marketing. Benefits of Working with us: The oportunity to refine your skill and develop your talent. Exposure to a large audience of highly involved pet lovers. A comments section for interaction with your readers and feedback on your articles. Getting paid for your online contribution. Seven Reasons to Work with us: Build your writing portfolio. Connect with like-minded pet lovers. Improve pet care and animal welfare in general by providing good advice and information. Champion a pet cause. Get exposure for your pet-care business by linking to your web site from your articles. Make money, earn gifts and perks (awesome pet products) from us. Your goal is to promote us and acquire new members. Your responsibility will be: Promote our community and posts on top social media sites including Facebook, Twitter and other top sites. Manage our online community and forums. Communicate with the members you have brought in. Achieve user acquisition to the maximum on a weekly basis.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are seeking pet loving online marketing professionals for Internet marketing. Benefits of Working with us: The oportunity to refine your skill and develop your talent. Exposure to a large audience of highly involved pet lovers. A comments section for interaction with your readers and feedback on your articles. Getting paid for your online contribution. Seven Reasons to Work with us: Build your writing portfolio. Connect with like-minded pet lovers. Improve pet care and animal welfare in general by providing good advice and information. Champion a pet cause. Get exposure for your pet-care business by linking to your web site from your articles. Make money, earn gifts and perks (awesome pet products) from us. Your goal is to promote us and acquire new members. Your responsibility will be: Promote our community and posts on top social media sites including Facebook, Twitter and other top sites. Manage our online community and forums. Communicate with the members you have brought in. Achieve user acquisition to the maximum on a weekly basis.Remote Mystery ShopperHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are an international mystery shopping company with over 20 years mystery shopping for store chains in the US and in Canada. Mystery shopping is a term used to describe the assessment of customer service by professional shoppers posing as customers. Some companies have in-house programs, whereby the company hires its own mystery shoppers. Other firms hire outside companies like ours to provide this service. Mystery shopping is becoming more popular among chain stores because good customer service means higher, steadier sales. Happy customers will return more often and will spend more per shopping visit. Competition in the retail sector is increasing and becoming more aggressive. Companies are entering the market and providing more selection and better service in order to attract customers. Customer service is now being used to differentiate one retailer from another. An effective mystery shopping program improves customer service. Store staff and managers will respond to such a program by improving service levels for each customer when they know that such a program is in place. Managers can also monitor the companys own standards and policies as set out for the store workers.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are an international mystery shopping company with over 20 years mystery shopping for store chains in the US and in Canada. Mystery shopping is a term used to describe the assessment of customer service by professional shoppers posing as customers. Some companies have in-house programs, whereby the company hires its own mystery shoppers. Other firms hire outside companies like ours to provide this service. Mystery shopping is becoming more popular among chain stores because good customer service means higher, steadier sales. Happy customers will return more often and will spend more per shopping visit. Competition in the retail sector is increasing and becoming more aggressive. Companies are entering the market and providing more selection and better service in order to attract customers. Customer service is now being used to differentiate one retailer from another. An effective mystery shopping program improves customer service. Store staff and managers will respond to such a program by improving service levels for each customer when they know that such a program is in place. Managers can also monitor the companys own standards and policies as set out for the store workers.Freelance TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are currently accepting applications from qualified language professionals. It is the policy of our company to provide equal employment opportunities for qualified persons. An integral part of our policy is to assure that hiring, transfers, promotions, benefits, compensation, and training are all conducted without regard to age, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, or sexual orientation. We invite all qualified language professionals to fill out our online registration form. Please detail your qualifications and experience to be considered for ongoing and intermittent assignments.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are currently accepting applications from qualified language professionals. It is the policy of our company to provide equal employment opportunities for qualified persons. An integral part of our policy is to assure that hiring, transfers, promotions, benefits, compensation, and training are all conducted without regard to age, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, or sexual orientation. We invite all qualified language professionals to fill out our online registration form. Please detail your qualifications and experience to be considered for ongoing and intermittent assignments.Freelance TranslatorHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are currently accepting applications from qualified language professionals. It is the policy of our company to provide equal employment opportunities for qualified persons. An integral part of our policy is to assure that hiring, transfers, promotions, benefits, compensation, and training are all conducted without regard to age, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, or sexual orientation. We invite all qualified language professionals to fill out our online registration form. Please detail your qualifications and experience to be considered for ongoing and intermittent assignments.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are currently accepting applications from qualified language professionals. It is the policy of our company to provide equal employment opportunities for qualified persons. An integral part of our policy is to assure that hiring, transfers, promotions, benefits, compensation, and training are all conducted without regard to age, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, or sexual orientation. We invite all qualified language professionals to fill out our online registration form. Please detail your qualifications and experience to be considered for ongoing and intermittent assignments.Freelance VideographerHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are currently accepting applications from qualified language professionals. It is the policy of our company to provide equal employment opportunities for qualified persons. An integral part of our policy is to assure that hiring, transfers, promotions, benefits, compensation, and training are all conducted without regard to age, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, or sexual orientation. We invite all qualified language professionals to fill out our online registration form. Please detail your qualifications and experience to be considered for ongoing and intermittent assignments.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are currently accepting applications from qualified language professionals. It is the policy of our company to provide equal employment opportunities for qualified persons. An integral part of our policy is to assure that hiring, transfers, promotions, benefits, compensation, and training are all conducted without regard to age, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, or sexual orientation. We invite all qualified language professionals to fill out our online registration form. Please detail your qualifications and experience to be considered for ongoing and intermittent assignments.Remote Field ConsultantHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are currently considering applicants for contract field consultants nationwide. These positions are ideal for loss prevention and audit professionals who are recently retired, currently on sabbatical, or are looking for contract work to supplement their current income or position. The work involves conducting audits, mystery shops, business inspections, investigations and other typical loss prevention activities. The following lists the minimum experience necessary for consideration: Minimum 3 years multi-unit retail/restaurant experience in a loss prevention, security, or audit position. Ability to travel including weekends as needed. The ability to provide no less than three professional references of people in retail loss prevention and/or audit field. We are especially interested in candidates who possess a valid Private Investigators license. Those who do should let us know which states they currently hold licenses in. Please submit your resume, name, position and phone number of three references, and listing of PI licenses held for what states. Also, please provide a very specific list of how you meet the above qualifications in order to be considered for any future opportunities.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are currently considering applicants for contract field consultants nationwide. These positions are ideal for loss prevention and audit professionals who are recently retired, currently on sabbatical, or are looking for contract work to supplement their current income or position. The work involves conducting audits, mystery shops, business inspections, investigations and other typical loss prevention activities. The following lists the minimum experience necessary for consideration: Minimum 3 years multi-unit retail/restaurant experience in a loss prevention, security, or audit position. Ability to travel including weekends as needed. The ability to provide no less than three professional references of people in retail loss prevention and/or audit field. We are especially interested in candidates who possess a valid Private Investigators license. Those who do should let us know which states they currently hold licenses in. Please submit your resume, name, position and phone number of three references, and listing of PI licenses held for what states. Also, please provide a very specific list of how you meet the above qualifications in order to be considered for any future opportunities.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are currently seeking submissions from freelancers in any of the following markets: new york, los angeles, london, chicago, miami, san francisco, dallas, atlanta, washington D.C. and boston. We are looking for contributors who know what is going on and can get the scoop in any of these markets when it comes to new restaurants, new stores, fashion, beauty, design, and lifestyle in general. Did we mention that you need to be the kind of writer who scoffs at the words atmosphere, fashionista, sassy, classy and the like? well, we just did. If you understand where we are coming from and can offer smart and opinionated prose in a lighthearted manner with a healthy dose of attitude, then we welcome you to e-mail us. Send your pitches and at least two writing samples or links to us.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are currently seeking submissions from freelancers in any of the following markets: new york, los angeles, london, chicago, miami, san francisco, dallas, atlanta, washington D.C. and boston. We are looking for contributors who know what is going on and can get the scoop in any of these markets when it comes to new restaurants, new stores, fashion, beauty, design, and lifestyle in general. Did we mention that you need to be the kind of writer who scoffs at the words atmosphere, fashionista, sassy, classy and the like? well, we just did. If you understand where we are coming from and can offer smart and opinionated prose in a lighthearted manner with a healthy dose of attitude, then we welcome you to e-mail us. Send your pitches and at least two writing samples or links to us.Virtual Sales AgentHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are currently seeking telecommute capable marketing and sales professionals for full time, part time and flex schedule positions. We offer an exceptional opportunity for accounting and bookkeeping professionals to maximize their personal earnings, work a flex schedule which they control and set - all while working mostly from home. Compensation and Benefits: Available flex benefits. Flex work schedules. Tele-commute (work from home). Key capabilities are resourceful, conscientious, computer proficient, and effective sales presentation skills, networking skills, ability to present our solutions to bankers, CPAs, business consultants and other professionals. Other requirements: Sound presentation skills and experience. General knowledge of bookkeeping, accounting and payroll processing. Sound PC based technology skills (internet, MS Office, etc.). Able to effectively interact with professionals and business owners. Self motivated and ability to work independently. Capable of setting and maintaining own work schedule. Must have high speed internet access from home.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are currently seeking telecommute capable marketing and sales professionals for full time, part time and flex schedule positions. We offer an exceptional opportunity for accounting and bookkeeping professionals to maximize their personal earnings, work a flex schedule which they control and set - all while working mostly from home. Compensation and Benefits: Available flex benefits. Flex work schedules. Tele-commute (work from home). Key capabilities are resourceful, conscientious, computer proficient, and effective sales presentation skills, networking skills, ability to present our solutions to bankers, CPAs, business consultants and other professionals. Other requirements: Sound presentation skills and experience. General knowledge of bookkeeping, accounting and payroll processing. Sound PC based technology skills (internet, MS Office, etc.). Able to effectively interact with professionals and business owners. Self motivated and ability to work independently. Capable of setting and maintaining own work schedule. Must have high speed internet access from home.Freelance PhotographerHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are interested in photographs of many kinds. We are not looking for photojournalism, just unique perspectives on the world around us. Upon publication, we pay from $100 to $300 for one-time use of photographs featured inside the magazine; we pay $500 for those we use on our cover. For photo essays we pay $500 to $1,000. We give contributors four copies of the issue in which their work appears and a complimentary one-year subscription, also upon publication. We use ten to thirty photographs in each monthly issue. When we accept a photograph, we keep a print of it on file until we find a place for it in the magazine. We prefer that you submit traditional black-and-white prints. You may send prints of any size, though we find it easiest to review photographs that are between 4x5 and 11x17. Matte or gloss finish is acceptable; prints made on heavily textured paper, however, do not reproduce well. If you are submitting digital images, send high-quality digital prints. (One image per page, please.) We cannot review images on screen. We cannot accept images via e-mail. If we accept your digital images for publication, we will request the image files on cd or dvd media (Mac or pc). Save your image files in uncompressed tiff grayscale at 300 dpi or higher. Websites and promotional sheets with multiple photos per page will not be considered formal submissions. We cannot review color prints or slides. We do not use artwork or illustrations. We try to respond within three months. With nearly a thousand photographs submitted a month, however, our backlog is often substantial. Do not let a longer wait surprise you. All submissions must be accompanied by a stamped, self-addressed envelope or box for our response and the return of your photographs. Your work will not be returned without sufficient postage. Please include protective packaging to ensure your photographs safety in shipment.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are interested in photographs of many kinds. We are not looking for photojournalism, just unique perspectives on the world around us. Upon publication, we pay from $100 to $300 for one-time use of photographs featured inside the magazine; we pay $500 for those we use on our cover. For photo essays we pay $500 to $1,000. We give contributors four copies of the issue in which their work appears and a complimentary one-year subscription, also upon publication. We use ten to thirty photographs in each monthly issue. When we accept a photograph, we keep a print of it on file until we find a place for it in the magazine. We prefer that you submit traditional black-and-white prints. You may send prints of any size, though we find it easiest to review photographs that are between 4x5 and 11x17. Matte or gloss finish is acceptable; prints made on heavily textured paper, however, do not reproduce well. If you are submitting digital images, send high-quality digital prints. (One image per page, please.) We cannot review images on screen. We cannot accept images via e-mail. If we accept your digital images for publication, we will request the image files on cd or dvd media (Mac or pc). Save your image files in uncompressed tiff grayscale at 300 dpi or higher. Websites and promotional sheets with multiple photos per page will not be considered formal submissions. We cannot review color prints or slides. We do not use artwork or illustrations. We try to respond within three months. With nearly a thousand photographs submitted a month, however, our backlog is often substantial. Do not let a longer wait surprise you. All submissions must be accompanied by a stamped, self-addressed envelope or box for our response and the return of your photographs. Your work will not be returned without sufficient postage. Please include protective packaging to ensure your photographs safety in shipment.Freelance WriterHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are looking for a few good authors. We are always interested in manuscripts from authors whose work would provide our readers with the information necessary to affect personal improvement. Our guidelines are in two parts: (a) the subject areas in which we publish and (b) the kind of proposals we like to see. The areas in which we publish reflect our tag line, which is books for health, family, and community, although some of our books fall into more than one of these categories. Our guidelines should assist you in determining whether your manuscript fits into one of our subject areas, and will direct you through the process of submitting a book proposal. After you have done your marketing research and written your chapter outlines, consider whether we are the right publisher for you. We do not publish fiction, autobiography, or general childrens books, so those types of works get returned right away. If you do have what we are looking for, then send it on. We do accept simultaneous submissions and look for computer printouts of good quality or e-mail. Please inform us if a manuscript is available on computer disk (IBM format is preferable).Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are looking for a few good authors. We are always interested in manuscripts from authors whose work would provide our readers with the information necessary to affect personal improvement. Our guidelines are in two parts: (a) the subject areas in which we publish and (b) the kind of proposals we like to see. The areas in which we publish reflect our tag line, which is books for health, family, and community, although some of our books fall into more than one of these categories. Our guidelines should assist you in determining whether your manuscript fits into one of our subject areas, and will direct you through the process of submitting a book proposal. After you have done your marketing research and written your chapter outlines, consider whether we are the right publisher for you. We do not publish fiction, autobiography, or general childrens books, so those types of works get returned right away. If you do have what we are looking for, then send it on. We do accept simultaneous submissions and look for computer printouts of good quality or e-mail. Please inform us if a manuscript is available on computer disk (IBM format is preferable).Remote Mystery ShopperHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are looking for Business Development Associates in numerous major U.S. markets. Must be good with people, self motivated, professional and career minded.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are looking for Business Development Associates in numerous major U.S. markets. Must be good with people, self motivated, professional and career minded.Remote Administrative AssistantHEA Remote (Anywhere)Virtual Administrative Assistant. Seeking admin support for aprox 20 hours per week for minneapolis area based regional director for HDSA. Seeking admin support for aprox 20 hours per week for minneapolis area based regional director for HDSA.Jan 23, 2021Part-timeVirtual Administrative Assistant. Seeking admin support for aprox 20 hours per week for minneapolis area based regional director for HDSA. Seeking admin support for aprox 20 hours per week for minneapolis area based regional director for HDSA.Virtual Administrative AssistantHEA Remote (Anywhere)Virtual Administrative Assistant. Virtual office for consulting firm. Work two days a week in midtown Manhattan office, and at-home on an hourly basis. Computer and word processing skills, including Word, Power Point and Excel; telephone and email responses, correspondence, filing, scheduling, light bookkeeping. College graduate.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeVirtual Administrative Assistant. Virtual office for consulting firm. Work two days a week in midtown Manhattan office, and at-home on an hourly basis. Computer and word processing skills, including Word, Power Point and Excel; telephone and email responses, correspondence, filing, scheduling, light bookkeeping. College graduate.Remote TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)Transcription service seeking freelance transcribers for varied projects. Hours flexible. We have both cassette tapes and digital transcription. Must be a fast typist, with good spelling, vocabulary and a good ear. Only want people who have experience doing transcription.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeTranscription service seeking freelance transcribers for varied projects. Hours flexible. We have both cassette tapes and digital transcription. Must be a fast typist, with good spelling, vocabulary and a good ear. Only want people who have experience doing transcription.Remote Customer Service RepresentativeHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are a virtual call center headquartered in Colorado. We hire agents from across the United States to work from their homes answering in-bound customer service calls. Custom software allows calls to be routed directly to the agentJan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are a virtual call center headquartered in Colorado. We hire agents from across the United States to work from their homes answering in-bound customer service calls. Custom software allows calls to be routed directly to the agentRemote TranslatorHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are always interested in learning about exceptional editors and translators with experience in academic writing. We offer a challenging work in a stimulating environment.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are always interested in learning about exceptional editors and translators with experience in academic writing. We offer a challenging work in a stimulating environment.Remote AccountantHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are always interested in talking with bright people who are interested in working with us. We are an excellent place to work at any stage of your career. Our staff accountants gain experience in all facets of public accounting. We are an excellent option for the accounting student who cannot decide between auditing or tax, as all of our employees work on some combination of both, in addition to on a variety of special projects. People at all stages of their careers appreciate the fact that we have no levels or titles. Employees who work hard and excel can quickly become leaders in the firm and enjoy the financial rewards and responsibilities that can take a preset number of years to achieve at larger firms. Because we are a small firm, we are able to offer our employees the maximum flexibility in both the work they do and also the benefits they enjoy.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are always interested in talking with bright people who are interested in working with us. We are an excellent place to work at any stage of your career. Our staff accountants gain experience in all facets of public accounting. We are an excellent option for the accounting student who cannot decide between auditing or tax, as all of our employees work on some combination of both, in addition to on a variety of special projects. People at all stages of their careers appreciate the fact that we have no levels or titles. Employees who work hard and excel can quickly become leaders in the firm and enjoy the financial rewards and responsibilities that can take a preset number of years to achieve at larger firms. Because we are a small firm, we are able to offer our employees the maximum flexibility in both the work they do and also the benefits they enjoy.Remote Medical TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are always looking for highly skilled and motivated MTs who want to join our nationwide network. Our transcriptionists work at home from anywhere in the US, commuting via digital technology. We offer flexible scheduling and productivity-based compensation. We will provide qualified candidates with our transcription package software and hardware.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are always looking for highly skilled and motivated MTs who want to join our nationwide network. Our transcriptionists work at home from anywhere in the US, commuting via digital technology. We offer flexible scheduling and productivity-based compensation. We will provide qualified candidates with our transcription package software and hardware.Remote Medical TranscriptionistHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are always looking for qualified medical Transcriptionists to join us. You just might be the candidate we are looking for to complement our team. As you know, medical transcription is a very serious and important part of any medical practice. Help us help you find the right work for you. Only those with a minimum of 3 years experience need apply. Now hiring MTs with Cardiology, Podiatry and Pain Management experience.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are always looking for qualified medical Transcriptionists to join us. You just might be the candidate we are looking for to complement our team. As you know, medical transcription is a very serious and important part of any medical practice. Help us help you find the right work for you. Only those with a minimum of 3 years experience need apply. Now hiring MTs with Cardiology, Podiatry and Pain Management experience.Remote Mystery ShopperHEA Remote (Anywhere)We are always looking to do business with new mystery shoppers who are responsible, intelligent and able to accomplish detailed objectives. If you have the aptitude, you can become a mystery shopper today by simply filling out our online registration application with all of your contact information and answering a series of questions. A key component in developing a large network of high quality mystery shoppers is a detailed registration process. Completing the registration application in its entirety will assist us in determining if you meet the requirements for a particular mystery shop and will ultimately assist you in receiving more opportunities. All contractor registration applications are carefully screened for conflicts of interest, diligence in completing the application form, work experience and the quality of the applicants narrative. We have developed a successful mystery shopping client service by developing relationships with high quality and responsible secret shoppers who like to enjoy new experiences and who can work flexible hours without supervision. Mystery shoppers are also screened for: Ability to handle the unique nature of the work. Ability to listen carefully and record verbatim responses using proper grammar and complete sentences. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability and willingness to strictly adhere to mystery shop deadlines. Ability to accomplish project objectives precisely. Willingness to work flexible hours. Once a shop is offered to mystery shoppers and a shopper accepts the opportunity, the mystery shopper will receive extensive information to the exact objectives and parameters of the shop.Jan 23, 2021Full-timeWe are always looking to do business with new mystery shoppers who are responsible, intelligent and able to accomplish detailed objectives. If you have the aptitude, you can become a mystery shopper today by simply filling out our online registration application with all of your contact information and answering a series of questions. A key component in developing a large network of high quality mystery shoppers is a detailed registration process. Completing the registration application in its entirety will assist us in determining if you meet the requirements for a particular mystery shop and will ultimately assist you in receiving more opportunities. All contractor registration applications are carefully screened for conflicts of interest, diligence in completing the application form, work experience and the quality of the applicants narrative. We have developed a successful mystery shopping client service by developing relationships with high quality and responsible secret shoppers who like to enjoy new experiences and who can work flexible hours without supervision. Mystery shoppers are also screened for: Ability to handle the unique nature of the work. Ability to listen carefully and record verbatim responses using proper grammar and complete sentences. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability and willingness to strictly adhere to mystery shop deadlines. Ability to accomplish project objectives precisely. Willingness to work flexible hours. Once a shop is offered to mystery shoppers and a shopper accepts the opportunity, the mystery shopper will receive extensive information to the exact objectives and parameters of the shop.Load moreHomeAbout UsContact UsWork for UsHelp/FAQsTestimonialsPartnership InfoAdvertising InfoAffiliate InfoTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyPress ReleasesSitemapJob SeekerFind JobsPost a ResumeSign InCreate AccountJobs By CategoryAccounting JobsAdministrative JobsAssembly Craft JobsCustomer Service JobsData Entry JobsMedical Billing JobsIT Technical JobsSales JobsEmployerFind CandidatesPost a JobSign InCreate AccountResourcesOur BlogSearch JobsWork at Home JobsJob Seeker MembershipEmployer MembershipSearch Jobs with JoobleFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusCopyright  1997-2018, HEA-Employment.com. All rights reserved."
