"Skip to contentDB職場求職策略履歷表範本求職信面試技巧職場數據最新指標薪酬趨勢實用資訊工作信件範本打工仔識法熱門專題各行各業話題追蹤抗疫情報全部文章< 回到JobsDB主頁DB職場求職策略履歷表範本求職信面試技巧職場數據最新指標薪酬趨勢實用資訊工作信件範本打工仔識法熱門專題各行各業話題追蹤抗疫情報全部文章< 回到JobsDB主頁Five Questions to Ask Before Finding a JobFinding a job is a challenging task, especially when you have tried different jobs but still couldn’t find the one you really love. Before starting a job search, ask yourself the five questions listed below. Once you get the answers, you will know what types of work you would like and your search will be more productive.1. What do I love doing?Your interest is an important factor in finding the job and the industry suitable for you. Think about the things you love to do in your spare time. Do you love spending time on internet? Do you love to play sports, watch a movie, go travelling or reading a good book? Your answer to these questions will help determine your preferred career. If you use your interests as your basis in finding a career, you will have a great time doing the job and are less likely to experience being stressed or burned out.2. What skills do I have?Your skill set makes you better perform certain types of work and will help you stand out from the rest of the people applying for the same position. It will be easier for you to communicate this to the employer because it’s something you know you already have. If you know them by heart, you will have a clear idea of your strengths and weaknesses and will be in a much better position to do something about them.3. What values are important to me?It’s also a good idea to assess your own personal values so you can choose jobs or organizations that have the same. For example, if you value respect, hard work and innovation, you would not want to take on jobs that do not put the same premium on these core beliefs. Assessing your core values will allow you to look at, not just the job offer, but also at what joining the company is all about. At the end of the day, it’s not always about the money, but about whether you will feel comfortable doing what you’re supposed to do for the organization you decide to work for.4. What kind of lifestyle and personality do I have?This is another equally important question you need to ask before finding a job. If you love meeting new people, a career in Public Relations or Sales may be good for you. If you are keen on helping others, you might want to consider working in the social service sector. The job you desire should match your lifestyleand personality so you enjoy every moment you spend at work.5. What don’t I like doing?With all these questions about what you personally want to see or happen in your career, it is time to ask the ultimate question – what don’t you like doing? Ask yourself about what to you is non-negotiable. Answering this question will help you eliminate jobs you should never apply for.If you want to be specific about the questions you should ask yourself, here’s a few of them to help you get started:“Am I a Leader or a Follower?”“Am I good at planning or implementing things?”“Am I great at selling things or making them?”“Do I want to work in the frontline or back office?”“What are the career choices available to me given my answers to these questions?”The questions above can help you find the career that best suits you. Of course, there is no such thing as a perfect job. You may have likes and dislikes about your job. When faced with this dilemma, weigh your options properly and make a decision based on what you think is best for you. Good luck!This article is either written or edited by jobsDB HK. If you would like to publish it on other website or publication, please contact us by email: [email protected] jobsDB reserves the right to take legal action against any person that infringes the copyright.想收到更多JobsDB最新職場資訊?按訂閱後代表你已同意接受JobsDB的使用條款及隱私政策。This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.job hunting想收到更多JobsDB最新職場資訊?按訂閱後代表你已同意接受JobsDB的使用條款及隱私政策。This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.熱門文章疫市催生E-Commerce新職位！數碼營銷、成長駭客、電商網紅成人氣新工種受疫情影響，多了人選擇居家抗疫和Work From Home，電子商務（E-Commerce）的發展步伐亦因而加快。隨著愈來愈多產品及服務轉移到網上銷售，市場對相關工種的需求也有所增加，例如負責網上營銷推廣的Digital Marketer...邊個部門招聘率最高？政府工程師入行必知5件事 附月薪及晉升階梯...年薪過百萬？想做建築師要闖四關 一圖睇哂政府待遇及職級表美國建築大師法蘭克・洛伊・萊特（Frank Lloyd Wright）曾講過“The mother art is architecture.”若然建築是文明的靈魂，建築物可展現一個城市的氣質，那麼...十大熱門搜尋裁員潮職場新世代拖延症Jobs That Matter轉工英文Email招聘MT海外進修自我增值你可能會感興趣:The value of a “thank you” note after an interviewHiring interview job hunting Resume thank you letterContractors in high demand – but mind the salary gapcontract work job hunting Job Hunting Strategies Job Search salary Temporary workforce咪再收埋自己，更新個人檔案，筍工隨時搵上門！Better job job hunting Job Hunting Strategies jobsDB new job 應徵 招聘 搵工 求職 求職策略How introverts get thumbs up from interviewers?Career Confidence employer Exercise I.T. interview job hunting Job Interview Public Research回到頂部About JobsDBAbout UsCareer @ JobsDBContact UsFAQJob SeekersBrowse JobsPost ResumesJob AlertsMy jobsDBCareer InsightsEmployersPost a Job AdSearch CandidatesAdvertise With UsBest CompaniesConnectFacebookTwitter[email protected]JobsDB @ App StoreJobsDB @ Google PlayHong Kong (English)	< 回到JobsDB主頁Privacy Statement	Terms & Conditions	Site Map	Copyright 1998-2020, JobsDB.	Scroll to Top {{ itemDataObject.badgeText }}{{ toggleText }}{{item}}Processing, please wait…"
