"Forex & Fintech jobs in New South Wales | Jobs in ForexLATEST JOBSCOMPANIESRECRUITERSPRICINGPOST A JOBSign inSign upLATEST JOBSCOMPANIESRECRUITERSPRICINGPOST A JOBModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs63 Forex & Fintech jobs in New South WalesRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisOffice GuruZip Co Limited Sydney, AustraliaWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. We’re also the brains behind Pocketbook, which helps almost a million Aussies take control of their money and improve their financial wellbeing. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. Disclaimer: This is not a traditional Office Manager role. This is one the THE most important roles at Zip. As an Office Guru / Office Manager / Face of Zip within our People & Culture team, you will own the operations of Zip’s Sydney Office and enable our people to do the best work of their lives. Reporting to the Director,...21/01/2021Full timeWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. We’re also the brains behind Pocketbook, which helps almost a million Aussies take control of their money and improve their financial wellbeing. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. Disclaimer: This is not a traditional Office Manager role. This is one the THE most important roles at Zip. As an Office Guru / Office Manager / Face of Zip within our People & Culture team, you will own the operations of Zip’s Sydney Office and enable our people to do the best work of their lives. Reporting to the Director,...Frontend Engineer - UI (Web)Zip Co Limited Sydney, AustraliaWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US, Canada and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. The role We're on the lookout for a superstar Frontend User Interface Engineer to build out our global Zip website, integrating product search and discovery to drive user acquisition at scale. As a Frontend User Interface Engineer for the Web squad, you will be applying the atomic design methodology to deliver pixel perfect, well-tested UI components. You will make effective use of Storybook to design each component in isolation as well as leveraging Chromatic for visual...21/01/2021Full timeWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US, Canada and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. The role We're on the lookout for a superstar Frontend User Interface Engineer to build out our global Zip website, integrating product search and discovery to drive user acquisition at scale. As a Frontend User Interface Engineer for the Web squad, you will be applying the atomic design methodology to deliver pixel perfect, well-tested UI components. You will make effective use of Storybook to design each component in isolation as well as leveraging Chromatic for visual...Software Engineerdeferit Sydney, AustraliaWe’re a fast-growing FinTech startup based in Sydney and we're out to change the way bills are paid, one bill at a time. At deferit, we've created an easy to use budgeting tool to pay bills on time, breaking them down into 4 flexible instalments with no interest or hidden fees. Our mission is to help people pay their bills, and since launching in February 2018 we have grown exponentially, helping almost 200,000 Australians. We are looking for enthusiastic and accomplished engineers to join our core engineering team in Sydney. Our team is driven and we like to have fun while doing what we do best. Collaboration is at the heart of everything we do. We are always growing, learning, and adapting both in and out of the office. We're dedicated to agile methodology and big believers in 'lean'. Our team is growing and we’re looking for people that would like to join us on the journey as we scale with our rapidly growing user base. Do you enjoy building new features from the...20/01/2021Full timeWe’re a fast-growing FinTech startup based in Sydney and we're out to change the way bills are paid, one bill at a time. At deferit, we've created an easy to use budgeting tool to pay bills on time, breaking them down into 4 flexible instalments with no interest or hidden fees. Our mission is to help people pay their bills, and since launching in February 2018 we have grown exponentially, helping almost 200,000 Australians. We are looking for enthusiastic and accomplished engineers to join our core engineering team in Sydney. Our team is driven and we like to have fun while doing what we do best. Collaboration is at the heart of everything we do. We are always growing, learning, and adapting both in and out of the office. We're dedicated to agile methodology and big believers in 'lean'. Our team is growing and we’re looking for people that would like to join us on the journey as we scale with our rapidly growing user base. Do you enjoy building new features from the...Junior Legal CounselSandstone Technology Sydney, AustraliaSandstone Technology is a leading Australian Fintech company and provider of award-winning Digital Origination, Banking and Lending Automation solutions. Our cutting-edge software products are implemented in more than 30 financial institutions globally, including major top tier banks. We have over 330 staff across Australia, Asia and the UK. Our business is built around our people and our shared vision of continuous innovation, building market leading products, and partnering with our valued customers to build better banking. The role We currently have an opportunity for a junior level (2-3 years post admission) Legal Counsel to join the Sandstone team. Reporting to the Senior Legal Counsel, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work in a fast-growing industry and work on negotiating commercial and technology transactions as well as providing regulatory advice (particularly in relation to GDPR/privacy law and data security). You will be expected to...20/01/2021Full timeSandstone Technology is a leading Australian Fintech company and provider of award-winning Digital Origination, Banking and Lending Automation solutions. Our cutting-edge software products are implemented in more than 30 financial institutions globally, including major top tier banks. We have over 330 staff across Australia, Asia and the UK. Our business is built around our people and our shared vision of continuous innovation, building market leading products, and partnering with our valued customers to build better banking. The role We currently have an opportunity for a junior level (2-3 years post admission) Legal Counsel to join the Sandstone team. Reporting to the Senior Legal Counsel, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work in a fast-growing industry and work on negotiating commercial and technology transactions as well as providing regulatory advice (particularly in relation to GDPR/privacy law and data security). You will be expected to...Chief Financial & Operating OfficerSandstone Technology Sydney, AustraliaSandstone Technology is a leading Australian Fintech company. We provide award-winning Digital Origination, Banking and Lending Automation solutions. Our cutting-edge software products are implemented in more than 30 financial institutions globally, including major top tier banks. We have over 330 staff across Australia, Asia and the UK. Our business is built around our people and our shared vision of continuous innovation, building market leading products, and partnering with our valued customers to build better banking. The role There is currently an exciting opportunity to join our Executive Team as the Chief Financial & Operations Officer (CF&OO). We are seeking the services of a consummate professional with extensive executive experience in overseeing the finance, risk, compliance & legal functions of business(es) in ideally the banking & financial services or technology industries, to join this market-leading, long established Australian Fintech....20/01/2021Full timeSandstone Technology is a leading Australian Fintech company. We provide award-winning Digital Origination, Banking and Lending Automation solutions. Our cutting-edge software products are implemented in more than 30 financial institutions globally, including major top tier banks. We have over 330 staff across Australia, Asia and the UK. Our business is built around our people and our shared vision of continuous innovation, building market leading products, and partnering with our valued customers to build better banking. The role There is currently an exciting opportunity to join our Executive Team as the Chief Financial & Operations Officer (CF&OO). We are seeking the services of a consummate professional with extensive executive experience in overseeing the finance, risk, compliance & legal functions of business(es) in ideally the banking & financial services or technology industries, to join this market-leading, long established Australian Fintech....Customer Success and Operations Support ManagerCommonwealth Bank Sydney, AustraliaThe Business Unit x15 Ventures is a venture-building model, with the mission of building the next generation of solutions for 15 million customers, by unlocking new value from CommBank’s assets through partnership with the tech and innovation community. x15 identifies, builds, launches and scales new digital businesses that are strategically and operationally controlled by CommBank and are enabled to leverage CommBank’s assets. These ventures will provide a range of services to consumer, business and institutional customers, both existing and new. The Team You’ll be a key member of Backr, one of x15’s new ventures, which helps first-time business owners go from plan to launch. It guides users through the process, from business registration, to business plan formulation, invoice creation and more. You’ll be joining a fun and passionate team who are highly committed to transformative innovation where creativity, thinking outside the box and ‘getting the job done’ are highly...19/01/2021Full timeThe Business Unit x15 Ventures is a venture-building model, with the mission of building the next generation of solutions for 15 million customers, by unlocking new value from CommBank’s assets through partnership with the tech and innovation community. x15 identifies, builds, launches and scales new digital businesses that are strategically and operationally controlled by CommBank and are enabled to leverage CommBank’s assets. These ventures will provide a range of services to consumer, business and institutional customers, both existing and new. The Team You’ll be a key member of Backr, one of x15’s new ventures, which helps first-time business owners go from plan to launch. It guides users through the process, from business registration, to business plan formulation, invoice creation and more. You’ll be joining a fun and passionate team who are highly committed to transformative innovation where creativity, thinking outside the box and ‘getting the job done’ are highly...Elasticsearch SpecialistZip Co Limited Sydney, AustraliaWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. Our values: Customer First, Own It, Stronger Together and Change the Game, are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. Join us on our mission to be the first payment choice, everywhere and every day. The Role As an Elasticsearch Specialist in our Marketing/Technology team, you will own our Elasticsearch cluster architecture and infrastructure. You will monitor and scale up Elasticsearch in order to support our growing business. This role is about improving relevance of our search engine and adding new search functionalities. A...18/01/2021Full timeWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. Our values: Customer First, Own It, Stronger Together and Change the Game, are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. Join us on our mission to be the first payment choice, everywhere and every day. The Role As an Elasticsearch Specialist in our Marketing/Technology team, you will own our Elasticsearch cluster architecture and infrastructure. You will monitor and scale up Elasticsearch in order to support our growing business. This role is about improving relevance of our search engine and adding new search functionalities. A...Business Project and Process ManagerCommonwealth Bank Sydney, AustraliaAusiex Business Project and Process Manager About The Role Enterprise Services (ES) is responsible for the world leading application of technology and operations across every aspect of CommBank, from innovative product platforms for our customers to essential tools within our business. We also use technology to drive efficient and timely processing, an essential component of great customer service. See yourself in our team The Business & Change Enablement Function Provides The Following Support To The Ausiex Operational Teams To Achieve Delivery Of The Strategic Plan Subject Matter Expertise Productivity and Process Improvement Central point of contact and ownership for all projects and initiatives being performed by Ausiex Operations Change Impact Assessment Do Work That Matters The Business Project and Process Manager is pivotal to the success of Ausiex Operations in terms of managing projects, change and process improvements for the business....18/01/2021Full timeAusiex Business Project and Process Manager About The Role Enterprise Services (ES) is responsible for the world leading application of technology and operations across every aspect of CommBank, from innovative product platforms for our customers to essential tools within our business. We also use technology to drive efficient and timely processing, an essential component of great customer service. See yourself in our team The Business & Change Enablement Function Provides The Following Support To The Ausiex Operational Teams To Achieve Delivery Of The Strategic Plan Subject Matter Expertise Productivity and Process Improvement Central point of contact and ownership for all projects and initiatives being performed by Ausiex Operations Change Impact Assessment Do Work That Matters The Business Project and Process Manager is pivotal to the success of Ausiex Operations in terms of managing projects, change and process improvements for the business....Senior Digital Product OwnerCommonwealth Bank Sydney, AustraliaSenior Digital Product Owner – The CommBank App You are an early adopter with a future-focused digital mindset You have an absolute passion to deliver the best digital experiences for customers You are excited about what we can achieve in financial services now and in the future Do work that matters This Senior Digital Product Owner job will see you joining the team defining the future of the award-winning CommBank App. This strategic role will see you building personalised experiences across our native mobile applications with a clear goal of enhancing the financial wellbeing of our customers and communities. You will partner with stakeholders to explore the needs of our customers and the business. See yourself in our team Our Digital Operations and Technology (DOT) team has specialised tribes focused on various products and features across Netbank, CommBank.com.au and the CommBank App. On any given week you will Partner with business stakeholders...18/01/2021Full timeSenior Digital Product Owner – The CommBank App You are an early adopter with a future-focused digital mindset You have an absolute passion to deliver the best digital experiences for customers You are excited about what we can achieve in financial services now and in the future Do work that matters This Senior Digital Product Owner job will see you joining the team defining the future of the award-winning CommBank App. This strategic role will see you building personalised experiences across our native mobile applications with a clear goal of enhancing the financial wellbeing of our customers and communities. You will partner with stakeholders to explore the needs of our customers and the business. See yourself in our team Our Digital Operations and Technology (DOT) team has specialised tribes focused on various products and features across Netbank, CommBank.com.au and the CommBank App. On any given week you will Partner with business stakeholders...Inside Sales RepresentativeValiant Sydney, AustraliaAbout Valiant Valiant is an award-winning Fintech whose mission is “ to empower business owners by giving them the tools & advice to build awesome businesses.” Using proprietary technology, we help business owners find & apply for finance from over 70+ bank & non-bank lenders & we do it all digitally! Whilst our mission & vision is clear, we know that we cannot achieve our ambitious goals unless we have the right people behind us which is why we need you. We are looking for someone who is hungry, ambitious & who wants to join a team that consistently delivers exemplary results month-on-month, year-on-year. About the role As a key member of the business, you will be responsible for achieving monthly loan sales targets by taking a solution-based sales approach to high-intent pre-qualified customers (no cold calling). In addition to this, your daily tasks will include: Helping hundreds of business owners compare & apply for finance from over 70+...18/01/2021Full timeAbout Valiant Valiant is an award-winning Fintech whose mission is “ to empower business owners by giving them the tools & advice to build awesome businesses.” Using proprietary technology, we help business owners find & apply for finance from over 70+ bank & non-bank lenders & we do it all digitally! Whilst our mission & vision is clear, we know that we cannot achieve our ambitious goals unless we have the right people behind us which is why we need you. We are looking for someone who is hungry, ambitious & who wants to join a team that consistently delivers exemplary results month-on-month, year-on-year. About the role As a key member of the business, you will be responsible for achieving monthly loan sales targets by taking a solution-based sales approach to high-intent pre-qualified customers (no cold calling). In addition to this, your daily tasks will include: Helping hundreds of business owners compare & apply for finance from over 70+...Associate Business AnalystWestpac Sydney, AustraliaAssociate Business Analyst Calypso/ Murex / FX products knowledge Permanent Full-time, Sydney / Melbourne / Brisbane/Adelaide Multiple positions available for a Junior Business Analyst to build their career as a Business Analyst within Financial Markets. How will I help? You will be working within the Financial Markets team, on FX and Commodity products in Calypso. Working with on and offshore developers as well as on-site Calypso PS support within an agile environment with 3-week sprints, continuously integrating into production. The project which includes regulatory reporting, customer static data management, back office changes for SR2020 and ISO20022 Key responsibilities – Lead the elicitation, definition, prioritisation and validation of requirements and design of business processes to meet the needs of the organisation Defining and driving ‘As Is’ and ‘To Be’ processes Managing the development of detailed Business Requirements, Business Process...16/01/2021Full timeAssociate Business Analyst Calypso/ Murex / FX products knowledge Permanent Full-time, Sydney / Melbourne / Brisbane/Adelaide Multiple positions available for a Junior Business Analyst to build their career as a Business Analyst within Financial Markets. How will I help? You will be working within the Financial Markets team, on FX and Commodity products in Calypso. Working with on and offshore developers as well as on-site Calypso PS support within an agile environment with 3-week sprints, continuously integrating into production. The project which includes regulatory reporting, customer static data management, back office changes for SR2020 and ISO20022 Key responsibilities – Lead the elicitation, definition, prioritisation and validation of requirements and design of business processes to meet the needs of the organisation Defining and driving ‘As Is’ and ‘To Be’ processes Managing the development of detailed Business Requirements, Business Process...Senior Front End DeveloperZip Co Limited Sydney, AustraliaAbout us We are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US, Canada and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. We’re also the brains behind Pocketbook which helps almost a million Aussies take control of their money and improve their financial wellbeing. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. The role As a Senior Javascript (React) Developer in our recent eCommerce acquisition, TheUrge, you will own our front-end and contribute to the expansion of our Zip Co/QuadPay empire. We are moving fast so be sure your work will...15/01/2021Full timeAbout us We are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US, Canada and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. We’re also the brains behind Pocketbook which helps almost a million Aussies take control of their money and improve their financial wellbeing. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. The role As a Senior Javascript (React) Developer in our recent eCommerce acquisition, TheUrge, you will own our front-end and contribute to the expansion of our Zip Co/QuadPay empire. We are moving fast so be sure your work will...Engineer LeadZip Co Limited Sydney, AustraliaAbout us We are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US, Canada and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. We’re also the brains behind Pocketbook which helps almost a million Aussies take control of their money and improve their financial wellbeing. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. The role As a Lead / Engineering Manager within the Python squad within our most recent acquisition, TheUrge, you will be responsible for the development and deployment of a complex crawling and data processing pipeline. We are looking for...15/01/2021Full timeAbout us We are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused in the US, Canada and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. We’re also the brains behind Pocketbook which helps almost a million Aussies take control of their money and improve their financial wellbeing. Our values are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. The role As a Lead / Engineering Manager within the Python squad within our most recent acquisition, TheUrge, you will be responsible for the development and deployment of a complex crawling and data processing pipeline. We are looking for...Head Of Business DevelopmentMambu Sydney, AustraliaMambu is the leading SaaS core banking engine . If you’re a customer of the largest digital bank in the EU, then you’ve probably interacted with our platform and didn't even know it. We are at the heart of what makes digital banks and lenders work - the system that processes banking transactions and updates accounts and other financial records from deposits to loans and credit balances. But Mambu is different. We are not just cloud-native, lean and flexible - we are helping to revolutionise financial services globally. We are in a growth phase and we’ve only just begun To continue our success story we are looking for an experienced, skilled and enthusiastic Senior Business Development Manager - Australia / New Zealand (ANZ) to work with the General Manager for this region and steer projects with internal and external stakeholders to develop the local market and enhance our growth strategy. What you'll be working on: Analysing the latest industry developments to...15/01/2021Full timeMambu is the leading SaaS core banking engine . If you’re a customer of the largest digital bank in the EU, then you’ve probably interacted with our platform and didn't even know it. We are at the heart of what makes digital banks and lenders work - the system that processes banking transactions and updates accounts and other financial records from deposits to loans and credit balances. But Mambu is different. We are not just cloud-native, lean and flexible - we are helping to revolutionise financial services globally. We are in a growth phase and we’ve only just begun To continue our success story we are looking for an experienced, skilled and enthusiastic Senior Business Development Manager - Australia / New Zealand (ANZ) to work with the General Manager for this region and steer projects with internal and external stakeholders to develop the local market and enhance our growth strategy. What you'll be working on: Analysing the latest industry developments to...New Account & KYC SpecialistInteractive Brokers Sydney, AustraliaJob Description & Requirements Interactive Brokers Australia seeks an efficient and self-motivated individual that is hard working, detail-oriented, a quick learner, careful and a problem solver. The ideal person will be able to work well in a team environment. This position requires excellent coordination and strong customer service focus. Part of the role will be to facilitate the client onboarding process by providing account opening guidance while building and maintaining long-term customer relationships as we expand our global service offerings with a focus on Australia. The successful candidate will be the first and most important impression new customers have of Interactive Brokers Australia. Ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues is a key requirement, as well as excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills. The candidate will be expected to take responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience to the...14/01/2021Full timeJob Description & Requirements Interactive Brokers Australia seeks an efficient and self-motivated individual that is hard working, detail-oriented, a quick learner, careful and a problem solver. The ideal person will be able to work well in a team environment. This position requires excellent coordination and strong customer service focus. Part of the role will be to facilitate the client onboarding process by providing account opening guidance while building and maintaining long-term customer relationships as we expand our global service offerings with a focus on Australia. The successful candidate will be the first and most important impression new customers have of Interactive Brokers Australia. Ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues is a key requirement, as well as excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills. The candidate will be expected to take responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience to the...Director, People and Culture - ANZZip Co Limited Sydney, AustraliaWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused on the US and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. Our values: Customer First, Own It, Stronger Together and Change the Game, are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. Join us on our mission to be the first payment choice, everywhere and every day. As the Director, People & Culture, you will work closely with our ANZ extended leadership team and people leaders across the business, you will own coaching, navigating and helping them solve crunchy people problems. You’ll be a champion of our values and enjoy developing, launching and embedding programs to support all ANZ Zipsters...13/01/2021Full timeWe are Zip, a rapidly expanding global fintech headquartered out of Sydney, Australia with a growing presence focused on the US and UK markets. We're here to simplify how the world pays for what they need by connecting merchants with consumers and offering them fair and seamless payment solutions, everywhere. Our values: Customer First, Own It, Stronger Together and Change the Game, are at the heart of everything we do. They form our Mamba mentality - how we’re better than yesterday, and are used to create game-changing experiences for our customers and our people. Join us on our mission to be the first payment choice, everywhere and every day. As the Director, People & Culture, you will work closely with our ANZ extended leadership team and people leaders across the business, you will own coaching, navigating and helping them solve crunchy people problems. You’ll be a champion of our values and enjoy developing, launching and embedding programs to support all ANZ Zipsters...Business Intelligence DeveloperProspa Sydney, AustraliaProspa has established itself as a clear #1 online lender to small businesses in Australia and current growth trajectories see the business continuing to invest in its rapidly growing team, currently over 200 strong. This represents a unique opportunity to join us, one of Australia's most exciting and fastest-growing Fintech businesses with an awesome culture. We are driven by our people. Their diversity, skills and passion are the foundation of what we deliver to our customers - where employees are dedicated to achieving stellar results and exceeding customer expectations. Our values: obsess about customers; deliver value fast; day 1; simplicity; be bold, open and real; and one team, inform how we think and act every day. We are also recognised as an AON Hewitt Best Employer in 2017 and 2018 FINNIES Best Fintech Place to Work and a Great Place to Work in 2019! The role As a Business Intelligence Developer, you will drive improvements in sales and marketing performance,...13/01/2021Full timeProspa has established itself as a clear #1 online lender to small businesses in Australia and current growth trajectories see the business continuing to invest in its rapidly growing team, currently over 200 strong. This represents a unique opportunity to join us, one of Australia's most exciting and fastest-growing Fintech businesses with an awesome culture. We are driven by our people. Their diversity, skills and passion are the foundation of what we deliver to our customers - where employees are dedicated to achieving stellar results and exceeding customer expectations. Our values: obsess about customers; deliver value fast; day 1; simplicity; be bold, open and real; and one team, inform how we think and act every day. We are also recognised as an AON Hewitt Best Employer in 2017 and 2018 FINNIES Best Fintech Place to Work and a Great Place to Work in 2019! The role As a Business Intelligence Developer, you will drive improvements in sales and marketing performance,...New Business AdvisorValiant Sydney, AustraliaValiant is an innovative, award-winning platform connecting Australian business owners with the finance they need to kick goals. How? With pioneering tech, a diverse lending panel and a talented team, we’ve revolutionised the business lending game. What makes us different? Valiant brings the human touch to finance by making it accessible to Aussie SMEs and streamlining the (traditionally tedious) application process. We work with over 80 leading lenders to wow our clients with a seamless experience—from their initial enquiry through to settling funds. Requirements We're actively seeking hungry and driven people who have a keen interest in the Fintech space, and want to help small businesses access funding in Australia. With our expert training and learning & development programmes, Valiant offers a unique opportunity to work alongside great tech within the finance space and also gain their CertIV in mortgage broking. If the following describes you and...13/01/2021Full timeValiant is an innovative, award-winning platform connecting Australian business owners with the finance they need to kick goals. How? With pioneering tech, a diverse lending panel and a talented team, we’ve revolutionised the business lending game. What makes us different? Valiant brings the human touch to finance by making it accessible to Aussie SMEs and streamlining the (traditionally tedious) application process. We work with over 80 leading lenders to wow our clients with a seamless experience—from their initial enquiry through to settling funds. Requirements We're actively seeking hungry and driven people who have a keen interest in the Fintech space, and want to help small businesses access funding in Australia. With our expert training and learning & development programmes, Valiant offers a unique opportunity to work alongside great tech within the finance space and also gain their CertIV in mortgage broking. If the following describes you and...Asset Management Data ModellerLuxoft Sydney, AustraliaProject Description As an experienced Data Modeller supporting our Asset Management group, we want you to bring your experience and best practice data modelling principles to the project teams you will work with. You will be working closely with Data Architect and strong network of solution designers and engineers to continue the build-out of our technical data strategy. Responsibilities work closely with Data Architects and various system stakeholders to develop and maintain data models (conceptual, logical, physical and canonical) and definitions across all lines of business advise and implement best practice data modelling production, storage, and consumption standards maintain the glossary / data dictionary be involved in project initiatives to drive alignment to our data principles and standards build and maintain strong relationships with our key architects and stakeholders understand and document how data is, or will be used, and its implications on...13/01/2021Full timeProject Description As an experienced Data Modeller supporting our Asset Management group, we want you to bring your experience and best practice data modelling principles to the project teams you will work with. You will be working closely with Data Architect and strong network of solution designers and engineers to continue the build-out of our technical data strategy. Responsibilities work closely with Data Architects and various system stakeholders to develop and maintain data models (conceptual, logical, physical and canonical) and definitions across all lines of business advise and implement best practice data modelling production, storage, and consumption standards maintain the glossary / data dictionary be involved in project initiatives to drive alignment to our data principles and standards build and maintain strong relationships with our key architects and stakeholders understand and document how data is, or will be used, and its implications on...Senior Technical Talent Acquisition SpecialistAirwallex Sydney, AustraliaWho We Are Established in Melbourne in 2015, Airwallex is a global payments fintech transforming the way businesses move and manage money domestically and internationally. In today’s fast-changing digital era, our purpose is to empower businesses of all sizes to grow in their own markets and around the world, and by doing so, contribute to the global economy. With technology at our core, we built a proprietary global financial infrastructure platform to help businesses transact, collect and pay in any foreign currency across 130+ countries and 50+ currencies, without the constraints of the traditional global financial system. In just five years since we were founded, Airwallex has grown to become Australia’s fastest-growing fintech unicorn and a well-funded international technology leader backed by world-leading investors. Our leadership, innovation and scale have been recognised and awarded by leading independent authorities, such as listing in Forbes' Cloud 100 2020, and...13/01/2021Full timeWho We Are Established in Melbourne in 2015, Airwallex is a global payments fintech transforming the way businesses move and manage money domestically and internationally. In today’s fast-changing digital era, our purpose is to empower businesses of all sizes to grow in their own markets and around the world, and by doing so, contribute to the global economy. With technology at our core, we built a proprietary global financial infrastructure platform to help businesses transact, collect and pay in any foreign currency across 130+ countries and 50+ currencies, without the constraints of the traditional global financial system. In just five years since we were founded, Airwallex has grown to become Australia’s fastest-growing fintech unicorn and a well-funded international technology leader backed by world-leading investors. Our leadership, innovation and scale have been recognised and awarded by leading independent authorities, such as listing in Forbes' Cloud 100 2020, and...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsForex jobsTerms & ConditionsRECRUITERSRecruiting? Post a jobPricing & PackagesPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJOB SEEKERSFind JobsLatest Forex jobsAll Jobs in ForexCreate ResumeSign inFacebookLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 Powered by JobsinForex.com"
