"Công Việc, Thuê Joint ownership of property rights | FreelancerPhương thức hoạt độngXem các việc làmKhám pháHợp đồngKhám phá Top Cố vấn hợp đồngThuê một chuyên viên tư vấn hợp đồngXem các công việc Hợp đồngĐăng dự án Hợp đồngPháp lýKhám phá Top Luật sưThuê một luật sưXem các công việc Pháp lýĐăng dự án Pháp lýNghiên cứu pháp lýKhám phá Top Nhà nghiên cứu pháp líThuê một nhà nghiên cứu tư phápXem các công việc Nghiên cứu pháp lýĐăng dự án Nghiên cứu pháp lýViêt văn bản quy phạm pháp luậtKhám phá Top Người viết văn bản quy phạm pháp luậtThuê một cây bút pháp lýXem các công việc Viêt văn bản quy phạm pháp luậtĐăng dự án Viêt văn bản quy phạm pháp luậtLuật thuếKhám phá Top Luật sư thuếThuê một luật sư về thuếXem các công việc Luật thuếĐăng dự án Luật thuếJoint ownership of property rightscông việcTôi muốn Thuê Tôi muốn Làm ViệcFreelancerTìm Việcjoint ownership of property rights1Từ Khoá Tìm KiếmỞ đâu?Tìm kiếmBộ lọcTìm kiếm gần đây của tôiLọc theo:Ngân sáchDự Án Giá Cố ĐịnhđếnDự án theo giờđếnThời lượng Tất cả thời gian Ít hơn 1 tuần 1 đến 4 tuần 1 đến 3 tháng 3 đến 6 tháng Trên 6 tháng / Tiếp tục Không nói rõCác cuộc thiđếnLoạiCông việc địa phươngCác Công Việc Nổi BậtCông Việc Có Tuyển Dụng ViênCông Việc Toàn Thời GianNhiều kỹ năngnhập kỹ năngNgôn ngữnhập ngôn ngữTình trạng công việcCác công việc đang mở Các công việc đang mở và đã đóngÁp dụng bộ lọcMới nhất trước Ngân sách thấp nhất trước Ngân sách cao nhất trước Chào giá/bài tham dự thấp nhất Chào giá/bài tham dự cao nhất168,616 joint ownership of property rights công việc được tìm thấy, giá USDFirst 1 2 3 4 Next LastRetro political posters 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI am looking for posters to be designed for a womens rights group I belong to. If you would like me to explain in further detail I would be happy to discuss them. Thank you!Thiết kế đồ họa Minh họa Thiết kế logo Photoshop Thiết kế Poster$32 (Avg Bid)$32 Giá đặt trung bình36 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayRecruitment -- 2 6 ngày leftEasy VA Outsourcing is now hiring HOME BASED Real Estate Cold Caller and Lead Managers for our Real Estate Campaign. Work Remotely?: Yes (Must have reliable internet) Work Hours and Schedule: Anytime between 9AM EST-10PM EST. Work Duration: Long-term Rate or Salary range: $3-$5 Commission Based only?: No Paid twice monthly via Paypal Qualifications: - - Preferably someone with Real Estate Exper...BPO CRM Chăm sóc khách hàng Nhập liệu Bán hàng$11 / hr (Avg Bid)$11 / hr Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayProject for Sahil V. -- 2 9 ngày left3D rendering of a small neighborhood development. 20 design model houses with balconies to choose from. Fence design, gates design, landscaping design, two story clubhouse design with balconie facing the pool areas and garden, basketball design, gymnasium design with racquetball rooms/fitness room/reception/lockers/bathrooms. Employees office/maintenance facilities design, Playground, sidewalk...3D Animation Thiết kế 3D 3D Modelling Tạo hình 3D After Effects$20 / hr (Avg Bid)$20 / hr Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayResearch and write a 7,000 words \"how-to\" eBook on a certain topic 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCHi. I am looking for a competent writer to research and write a 7,000 words \"how-to\" eBook on a certain topic. Budget: $70 USD Payment conditions: Full payment upon completion (No upfront fees) Deadline: 14 days upon project acceptance The eBook must: * Contain original content (pass copyscape) * Be written in English * Include photos * Be free from grammar/spelling errors And upon pr...Viết sách Soạn thảo nội dung eBooks Ghostwriting Nghiên cứu$59 (Avg Bid)$59 Giá đặt trung bình15 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayVideographer needed for making Virtual Travel Videos -- 2 6 ngày leftI need virtual travel video on Various tourist destinations around the world. Need videographers who either live in/near tourist destinations or travel frequently, The Videographer will have to cover all the tourist attractions/destinations within a particular city and some aspects (Destinations, Eatings, culture, Monuments, etc) that travellers enjoy visiting that city. Required video should be o...Kỹ thuật Video$8 - $21$8 - $210 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayI need a concept designer. 6 ngày leftHi, I hope you’re keeping well. My name is Evan and I am the Co-Owner of a coffee business by the name of Elixr. Myself and my business partner are hoping to open a medium sized coffee trailer in a small park beside office spaces in Dublin City, Ireland. We are hoping to provide the property manager a small set of concept pictures that can be used to give a basic representation of what ou...Thiết kế 3D Kiến trúc xây dựng Phác họa ý tưởng Thiết kế đồ họa$202 (Avg Bid)$202 Giá đặt trung bình22 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayVideographer needed for making Virtual Travel Videos 6 ngày leftI need virtual travel video on Various tourist destinations around the world. Need videographers who either live in/near tourist destinations or travel frequently, The Videographer will have to cover all the tourist attractions/destinations within a particular city and some aspects (Destinations, Eatings, culture, Monuments, etc) that travellers enjoy visiting that city. Required video should be o...Kỹ thuật Video$8 - $21$8 - $210 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngaylist of property and Letting eastate agents in the west midlands 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCi am looking for someone to comple a list of property and Letting eastate agents in the west midlands (united kingdom)in a CSV FileNhập liệu Xử lí dữ liệu Excel PHP Web Scraping$139 (Avg Bid)$139 Giá đặt trung bình47 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayProperty Tech Web portal -- 2 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCHi Team, We are based in Australia and want to develop a self serve online portal where people can find each other to buy a property together which they can’t buy on their own and also allow people to sell a portion of their property. We are looking for UI/UX DESIGNER who has the following: 1. Experienced UI/UX Designer : 8+ years of experience designing digital experiences and products, i...Adobe Illustrator Photoshop Prototyping Sketch Thiết kế trang web$12 / hr (Avg Bid)$12 / hr Giá đặt trung bình12 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTele Marketing person required for Real Estate Company in Spain. -- 2 6 ngày leftWe are a well known Real Estate company in Spain and are looking to offer our portfolio of property listings to collaborators who can earn a nice commission for recommending our products to their clients. We are ultimately looking for telemarketers to contact investment firms, wealth managers and even independent financial advisors, with a view to selling this service to their clients. We have tak...Tiếp thị qua Internet Leads Tiếp thị Bán hàng Tiếp thị từ xa$6 / hr (Avg Bid)$6 / hr Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayAccount officer to Close Corporation 6 ngày leftI am purchasing new property into am existing CC and require an accounting officer to sign off the purchase resolution for bond registrationKế toán Kiểm toán$25 (Avg Bid)$25 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayPrepared for the outdoors 6 ngày leftI'm looking for someone who can write an ebook for me. The book needs to cover all the essentials on being adequately prepared for the outdoors, specifically for photographers. I will require the resale rights to the book. Essential things to cover in this book: Weather Clothing Gear Basic mapping & compass skills Encountering potentially dangerous wild animals, e.g. Snakes, bears, wolv...Viết sách eBooks Ghostwriting Nhiếp ảnh Viết kĩ thuật$119 (Avg Bid)$119 Giá đặt trung bình19 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngaybuild an app -- 2 6 ngày leftFeatures to be included Authentication to users, centralised database, Ledger creation, Payment and cheque reminders, info of debtors, creating and managing inventories, can be operated by multiple users, mode of payment, billing, thermal printing and normal printing option, Analyse and edit existing ledger details and entry, can enter opening balance of debtors, can handle shop and different godo...Android Billing Quản lý kho hàng Mobile App Development Phát triển phần mềm$95 (Avg Bid)$95 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngaySales Representative 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCWE'RE HIRING!! Up to £24,000 basic + £10,000 bonus uncapped + share scheme. Here is an opportunity for all Sales Executive candidates to join a dedicated & professional team in an exciting and rapidly growing sector. Here at Cocuun, we exist to help get property owners home improvement grants to reduce carbon emissions whilst helping the economy. We’re seeking dynamic...Bán hàng$14 - $21 / hr$14 - $21 / hr0 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayInfrastructure assessment of geographical area using google api and satellite imagery 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCObjective - To assess infrastructure in an geographical area. Important indicators for Infra are - 1. Roads - width and density of roads (google api or satellite imagery) 2. Traffic (google api or satellite imagery) 3. Vacant land (satellite imagery) 4. Night lumination intensity Geographical area can be - - By locality (shapefile given) - By circular area around a point - locality center - aro...Deep Learning Geographical Information System (GIS) Google APIs Google Earth Python$137 (Avg Bid)$137 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayInfrastructure assessment of geographical area using google api 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCObjective - To assess infrastructure in an geographical area. Important indicators for Infra are - 1. Hospitals (google api) 2. Schools (google api) 3. Markets/Commercial (google api) 1. Malls 2. Markets 3. Cinema halls 4. Grocery stores 5. Restaurants 6. Medical shops Geographical area can be - - By locality (shapefile given) - By circular area around a point - locality center - around ...Google APIs Python$342 (Avg Bid)$342 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayCalculate Supply of apartments in an geographical area 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCObjective - find out the number of apartments by their type within an area - Type to be - - By layout (1 bhk, 2 bhk etc) - By carpet area buckets (0-1500 [đăng nhập để xem URL], 1500 - 2000 [đăng nhập để xem URL] and so on) - Price Range (<1 cr, 1-2 cr and so on) - Area - - By locality (shapefile given) - By circular area around a point - locality center - around a particular property...Geographical Information System (GIS) Python$104 (Avg Bid)$104 Giá đặt trung bình5 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTrophy icon Create a Logo 13 ngày leftI would like a logo created for my business, called Upfront Property. I have sketched a couple of ideas, see attached photo. I would like the logo to be rectangular in shape, but open to ideas. Have fun!Thiết kế đồ họa Minh họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo Photoshop$38 (Avg Bid)$38242 bài tham dựTham gia ngayTrophy icon Design a car wrap 6 ngày leftWe are required to design a car wrap for our real estate agency. We have included the logo. The car template is attached. Only add artwork to the side and rear of the car. Our company colours are white and orange (F89522). The logo for our company is attached. You will also need to include the words \"Residential Sales & Property Management\" Be as creative as you like. Need the f...Nhận diện thương hiệu Thiết kế đồ họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo Photoshop$38 (Avg Bid)$3819 bài tham dựTham gia ngayFind an Investor 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI’m a German citizen living in Indonesia and I’m about to buy a property for investment and for me and my family in Bali to live in. This Property has a value of 120.000 EUR. I am able to pay 70.000 EUR from my own pocket but I still need 50.000 EUR which need to be financed either through a Bank or Investor. I am able to pay it of within 5 years with an interest rate of 5 % to 8% yea...Cloud Finance Tài chính Finance Transformation Nghiên cứu tài chính Môi giới vay mua nhà$10 (Avg Bid)$10 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTrophy icon Logo for my business 6 ngày leftThe business is called \"Kingdom Home and Property Services\". We are altering the existing logo (attached), and need your help to improve it! We want the logo to be: - Professional. - Maybe have a bit of colour, if it suits your design. - The house needs to be changed, to maybe a castle or something more suited to the business title. - Something the customers will remember us by. - OR y...Thiết kế 3D Thiết kế đồ họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo Photoshop$15 (Avg Bid)$1568 bài tham dựTham gia ngayUpdate wordpress custom plugin datepicker function 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCSo i have a custom wordpress plugin that needs to be updated on the functionality, right now it's working but not in the way i want it to work. so basically: ﻿Property Owners should be able to create reservations for the dates they have an assigned slot (via the date picker) Property Owners should be able to create reservations for the turnover day (4pm) until the next turnover day (10a...JavaScript jQuery / Prototype MySQL PHP WordPress$215 (Avg Bid)$215 Giá đặt trung bình20 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayVirtual Assistant with start-up RE Company -- 2 6 ngày leftOur real estate company is seeking a highly motivated, well-spoken individual who has excellent phone skills and the ability to set appointments with ease. Most of this position’s time will be spent on a computer and phone making outbound real estate lead calls through a dialer/phone system. We are looking for someone who can convert calls into qualified appointments and closed deals for our...Quảng cáo Truyền thông Quản trị cơ sở dữ liệu$5 / hr (Avg Bid)$5 / hr Giá đặt trung bình8 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayQS trade breakdown on residential property 6 ngày leftI have to complete a BILL OF QUANTITYS on a trade breakdown according to rawlinsons Thank youAutoCAD Kiến trúc xây dựng Thiết kế Nhà$33 (Avg Bid)$33 Giá đặt trung bình4 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayNZ Registered engineer for a PS1 for new building 6 ngày leftI have a Cool room building that i want to erect on my property in Whakatane and its from China and need a registered engineer to proof the drawings and calcs as council doesn't accept overseas engineers for a PS1. The building is a steel skeleton with cool room panels which will be erected at the back of our factory. I'm just waiting on the Geotest results to come through.3D Modelling AutoCAD Kiến trúc xây dựng CAD/CAM Solidworks$1260 (Avg Bid)$1260 Giá đặt trung bình6 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTrophy icon Roach Cartoon Character for a new website - 20/01/2021 20:06 EST 9 ngày leftI need a bright green Roach Cartoon Character that is smoking a joint with smoke coming out of the end of the joint. I need it in AI with all of the layers and a converted copy to JPG and PNGBook Artist Tranh biếm họa & Phim hoạt hình Thiết kế đồ họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo$100 (Avg Bid)Bảo đảm Niêm phong$1008 bài tham dựTham gia ngayLanding page for transport 6 ngày leftHello everyone! I need just Landing page for transport where people can order transport for themselves for luggage, cargo, or any other occasion. Any people can add transport which is available and other people can order this transport. Have to be easy to use and have to have this things: • SSL certificate - secure connection (https) • Google Analytics setup • GDPR & Cookie ...MySQL PHP Thử tính khả dụng Thiết kế trang web Thử nghiệm trang web$151 (Avg Bid)$151 Giá đặt trung bình7 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayAndroid app fix error 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCneed help with this error A problem occurred evaluating project ':WordPressEditor'. > Cannot set the value of read-only property 'classDirectories' for task ':WordPressEditor:jacocoTestReport' of type org.gradle.testing.jacoco.tasks.JacocoReport.Android Java Mobile App Development Test ứng dụng di động PHP$14 / hr (Avg Bid)$14 / hr Giá đặt trung bình24 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayBuild website small 6 ngày leftNeed a website built from an existing format - for a new property development. will be wordpress site - we have the details for site that we want to base it on and can provide all access details to copy the site.Thiết kế đồ họa HTML PHP Thiết kế trang web WordPress$339 (Avg Bid)$339 Giá đặt trung bình93 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTrophy icon E-Sports Logo for new brand 6 giờ leftStarting a new brand called Swellsprouts which is both an E-Sports entity and a community brand. I am initially looking for a logo to use for E-Sports purposes, but also open to alternate designs for social media purposes. It will use it initially for a Pokemon Go PvP team, specifically a Silph Arena Factions format, which you can find more about here: [đăng nhập để xem URL] We are approaching i...Thiết kế đồ họa Minh họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo Photoshop$150 (Avg Bid)Gấp Bảo đảm$150313 bài tham dựTham gia ngayHelp with UI/UX for a project I'm working on. 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI'm working on designing a project for a software application I have that helps with capturing property sizes, laying out projects, and estimating. I've already got an existing application, but would like to enhance the usability and design to be more aesthetically stylish.Thiết kế đồ họa Thiết kế logo UX Design Giao diện người dùng/IA Thiết kế trang web$19 / hr (Avg Bid)$19 / hr Giá đặt trung bình48 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayAndroid App for Property Inspection 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI am looking to develop an app for property inspections. I run a company that carries out building surveys on residential property and would like to streamline my reporting process. I would like an app on my tablet that would almost self populate once the condition is noted and that can transfer this data in a report formatAndroid Java Mobile App Development PHP Kiến trúc phần mềm$733 (Avg Bid)$733 Giá đặt trung bình88 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayCompile a list of all the student properties within a 1 hour drive. 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI'm looking for someone to create a full and complete list of all the student properties within a 1 hour drive of Longmeadow, Ma. I'm looking for groups of apartments, buildings, and complexes, not individual units. It needs to be created in a spreadsheet with the following columns: Property name, Address, number of units, Owner, Owner phone number, management company (if there is one)...Nhập liệu Khai thác dữ liệu Excel Bất động sản Tìm kiếm web$109 (Avg Bid)$109 Giá đặt trung bình19 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayDocument Translator & Interpreter (Spanish/English) 6 ngày leftDocument Translator & Interpreter (English/Spanish) This position is for a virtual assistant who can take on the role of translating documents from Spanish into English and, at times, from English into Spanish. The role will also include oral interpretation of conversations. This position may also include additional virtual administrative assistant tasks, as needed. WHO YOU ARE: 1. You are...Nhập liệu Tiếng Anh (Mỹ) Tiếng Tây Ban Nha Dịch thuật Trợ lí trực tuyến$19 / hr (Avg Bid)$19 / hr Giá đặt trung bình25 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngaySelf Driving Car Bike Renting Website Needed 6 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI want you to design and build a website for my small business in PHP or WordPress. Payment will be made after the work is finished. Please don't ask any money in advance. We want to offer Bike, Car rent services online. It will be a multiseller website, where sellers will create their Account and offer their vehicles for rent. Customer will select the vehicle, it's condition on website ...Google Firebase Google Maps API Thiết kế đồ họa PHP Thiết kế trang web$312 (Avg Bid)$312 Giá đặt trung bình7 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayAppGini App Customization 6 ngày leftAdd function to generate a schedule and then post transactions based on the schedule. For instance a rental payment schedule expecting payment per month. existing web based app can be found below [đăng nhập để xem URL] Web based App was created using AppGiniJavaScript MySQL PHP Kiến trúc phần mềm$22 (Avg Bid)$22 Giá đặt trung bình2 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayProject for Bana Ikhwanul M. 9 ngày leftHi Bana Ikhwanul M., I noticed your profile and would like to offer you my project. We're looking for a scientific journal cover, and would like the rights to make sure we can publish this on the journal cover as well as our own websites. We have a very rough mock up in Illustrator, but we really like the style of the Strange Science poster you've done and would love our cover to be in a...Tranh biếm họa & Phim hoạt hình Minh họa Illustrator Thiết kế Photoshop Thiết kế Poster$400 (Avg Bid)$400 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayReal Estate Property Search (Manual Data Collection) 5 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCI am looking for properties that meet a certain criteria. I believe that most of this search will be manual data collection. Project: Create a list of master planned community housing within 2 hours of Austin, Texas AND Houston, Texas. Here is an example: I googled master planned communities map then found this: [đăng nhập để xem URL] I clicked one of the options on the map and went to the maste...Nhập liệu Xử lí dữ liệu Excel Web Scraping Tìm kiếm web$113 (Avg Bid)$113 Giá đặt trung bình44 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayProject for Benjamin Isaac Moja K. 8 ngày leftHi Benjamin. I have some intellectual property legal work you might be interested in. Do you want to discuss is? Tom Fossick PicturesHợp đồng Luật lao động Pháp lý Nghiên cứu pháp lý Viêt văn bản quy phạm pháp luật$13 (Avg Bid)$13 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayPART-TIME Telesales - GUARANTEED Daily Pay - Calling People who have scheduled to receive a call! 5 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCTelesales - Hot leads expecting your call - Daily Pay PLEASE NOTE: YOU MUST ALREADY HAVE, OR HAVE THE ABILITY TO OBTAIN A PROPERTY & CASUALTY INSURANCE PRODUCERS LICENSE FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND We have created a system that is generating hundreds of hot leads, and they continue to come in weekly. I can't keep up, and I am accumulating a lot of missed opportunities! These \"...Tiếp thị đại trà Hỗ trợ khách hàng Leads Bán hàng Tiếp thị từ xa$380 (Avg Bid)$380 Giá đặt trung bình5 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayProject for Sahil V. 8 ngày left3D rendering of a small neighborhood development. 15 to 20 design model houses with balconies to choose from. Fence design, gates design, landscaping design, two story clubhouse design with balconie facing the pool areas and garden, basketball design, gymnasium design with racquetball rooms/fitness room/reception/lockers/bathrooms. Employees office/maintenance facilities design, Playground, si...3D Animation Thiết kế 3D 3D Modelling Tạo hình 3D After Effects$1000 (Avg Bid)$1000 Giá đặt trung bình1 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTrophy icon I need a logo designer 5 ngày leftHi I’m just starting my property sourcing business Hot Sourced Property. I’m looking for a great catchy logo design. Hopefully you can help?Thiết kế Banner Thiết kế đồ họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo Photoshop$34 (Avg Bid)$34151 bài tham dựTham gia ngayCreate a word document for end-users on how to use certain IT tools 5 ngày leftCreate a document in word and there should be below points in English and easy to understand for any Novice user. The document must be neat and professional. A table of contents is also a must. 1. Description: a. What is the tool used for? in easy to understand language with minimum IT terminology b. How the tool can be beneficial? c. How to use the tool? 2. Download links: HTTPS links for so...A+ Certified IT Technician Google Chrome Viết kĩ thuật Word$22 (Avg Bid)$22 Giá đặt trung bình6 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayLooking for an App similar to AirBnb 5 ngày leftĐÃ XÁC THỰCHello Freelancers We are looking to develop a mobile app similar to AIrbnb which will be a property listing app NOTE :- NO TIMEPASSERS PLEASE ONLY WHO HAVE PRIOR EXPERIENCE TO APPLYAndroid iPhone Mobile App Development Objective C PHP$15 / hr (Avg Bid)$15 / hr Giá đặt trung bình13 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayTrophy icon Logo for website 1 ngày leftwe need a logo for a website: [đăng nhập để xem URL] colour doesn´t matter industry is propertyThiết kế đồ họa Illustrator Thiết kế logo Photoshop Thiết kế trang web$42 (Avg Bid)Bảo đảm$42257 bài tham dựTham gia ngayapp for a cleaning company 5 ngày leftHello, we are a cleaning company from Hamburg (Germany) and we are looking for a simple app to digitalize parts of our company. The following points are important to us and must be included: 1. Database of our customer: The respective employee must be assigned to the property. A List of services, the fixed working days and the fixed working times must be stored here. 2. A GPS-controlled working ...Android iPhone Mobile App Development$2044 (Avg Bid)$2044 Giá đặt trung bình98 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngaySalesforce / Property base email design builder 5 ngày leftI need someone to design and create emails within salesforce.CRM Phát triển ứng dụng Salesforce Salesforce.com Zoho$15 / hr (Avg Bid)$15 / hr Giá đặt trung bình14 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayCreate database in MS Access for property valuations 5 ngày leftI need to create a database to support, monitor and track property valuations in Greece. Needs to be accessible over the web. Ability to produce professional looking reports, fully searchable and able to used over the webLập trình cơ sở dữ liệu Excel Microsoft Access SQL$513 (Avg Bid)$513 Giá đặt trung bình14 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayAdult Content: Article Writer Required for Sex blog!!! 5 ngày leftWe are seeking a writer to create sex education articles to our blog and report. Ideal candidate should have passion, genuine interest in personal development, create content in the first person friendly style that’s popular among readers. This will be a Very Fast / Easy project for the right skilled writer. As we are providing a complete outline list of topics to be discussed in this short ...Viết lại bài báo Article Writing Blog Ghostwriting Viết báo cáo$48 (Avg Bid)$48 Giá đặt trung bình11 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayCompile data from emails into a spread sheet. 5 ngày leftHi, I am looking for a freelancer to manually extract data from email enquiries and compile into an excel spreadsheet. The data I want compiled from these enquiry emails contain the following information and to be placed in excel under the following headers. First Name / Last Name / Email / Phone / About Me /Comments /Property Address /Date email enquiry was received Please note: that the &ls...Nhập liệu Xử lí dữ liệu Microsoft Outlook$14 (Avg Bid)$14 Giá đặt trung bình43 lượt đặt giáĐặt giá ngayHiển thị 1 đến 50 trong số 168,616 bài tham dựKết quả từng trang20 50 75 100First 1 2 3 4 Next LastCác công việc khác về joint ownership of property rightsdraft a contract clause regarding intellectual property (ip) clause regarding ownership of ip , employer waiver of intellectual property rights , intellectual property clause regarding company ownership of employee created works example , ownership of improvements to intellectual property , joint ownership of intellectual property clause , importance of intellectual property rights in engineering , role of intellectual property rights , types of intellectual property rights pdf , importance of intellectual property rights , \"deed of assignment of intellectual property rights\" , confirmatory assignment of intellectual property rights , protection of intellectual property rights in china , transfer of intellectual property rights agreement , joint ownership of ip , types of intellectual property rights , agreement of intellectual property rights , definition of intellectual property rights , history of property ownership uk , assignment of intellectual property rights clause , proof of ownership of property in india , how do i transfer ownership of a property? , can a lien be placed on property that has joint ownership , do i need a solicitor to transfer ownership of a property , importance of property rights , types of property rights , importance of property rights for economic growth , characteristics of property rights , ownership of intellectual property contract clause example , ways to transfer ownership of property , transfer of ownership of propertyCần thuê một freelancer cho công việc này?Miễn phí khi đăng ký, hãy nhập vào những gì bạn cần và nhận các báo giá miễn phí trong tích tắcHãy nhập mô tả dự án của bạn tại đâyĐăng dự án ngayTiếng Việt - VietnamTrợ Giúp & Hỗ TrợFreelancerHạng mụcCác dự ánCác cuộc thiFreelancerDoanh NghiệpChương trình Freelancer Ưa thíchQuản Lý Dự ÁnCông việc địa phươngGiới Thiệu Dự ÁnAPI cho DeveloperGiới thiệuGiới thiệu về chúng tôiPhương thức hoạt độngBảo mậtNhà đầu tưSơ đồ trangLời đề tặngTin tứcĐiều KhoảnChính sách riêng tưĐiều Khoản và Điều KiệnChính Sách Bản QuyềnQuy tắc ứng xửPhí và Chi phíỨng dụng---Người dùng đã đăng kí---Tổng Số Việc Đã ĐăngFreelancer ® is a registered Trademark of Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 141 959 042)Copyright © 2021 Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 141 959 042)"
