"Production Supervisor (Bottling), Owensboro, KY 42303 | JobsEQProduction Supervisor (Bottling)Sazerac Company - Owensboro, KY 42303January 4, 2021Production Supervisor (Bottling)Job Locations US-KY-OwensboroPosted Date 56 minutes ago (1/4/2021 6:52 PM)# of Openings 1 Category Manufacturing/Production/Warehouse Type Regular Full-TimeSazerac Company OverviewBuild your career at Sazerac! Sazerac Company produces and markets the most award-winning bourbons and whiskeys in the world, including Buffalo Trace, Pappy Van Winkle, Eagle Rare, Blanton’s, and Sazerac Rye. Additionally, Sazerac owns many popular brands across a range of spirits, including Fireball, Southern Comfort, Seagram’s V.O., Myers’s, Goldschläger, Parrot Bay, 99 Brand, and Platinum Vodka.We’re proud of our award-winning culture and distilleries. Our Louisville office has been named one of the “Best Places to Work in Kentucky” four times, and our Buffalo Trace Distillery has earned the title of “world’s most award-winning distillery” through the dedication of our craftsmen for well over 200 years. During COVID-19, Sazerac distilleries began producing hand sanitizer for some of the world’s largest organizations in healthcare, government, military, retail, distribution, airline, pharma, and banking. Also, during this time, while many companies are wading through uncertainty, Sazerac is poised for acquisition and growth – recently acquiring 18 more brands, two companies and a distillery.Since 1850, Sazerac Company has thrived as an independent, American family-owned company with operations in the United States and around the world. Since the 2000s, Sazerac has averaged double digit growth every year! We attribute our success to a unique blend of our history, culture, brands, relationships, innovation, technology, and most importantly, our people. Whether you’re a recent graduate or an experienced professional, Sazerac provides extraordinary opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, entrepreneurial industry.Company/Location OverviewThe Glenmore Distillery has been a fixture in the Owensboro Community since the late 1800s. During Prohibition, The Glenmore Distillery was fortunate enough to be one of four distilleries in the country allowed to operate on a limited scale for medicinal necessity.In March of 2009 the Sazerac Company purchased the distillery and reprised the name The Glenmore Distillery . The distillery boasts one of the largest and most modern bottling facilities in the country and continues to be a sizable employer in the city of Owensboro, KY.The Sazerac Company’s vision is to become one of the industry’s most desired places to be. The company attributes its success to a unique blend of history, culture, brands, relationships, innovation, technology, and most importantly, its people. For more information, please visit www.sazerac.com .Job Description/ResponsibilitiesThe Bottling Supervisor is responsible for the day to day supervision of bottling lines. Duties include supervision of hourly employees assigned to bottling lines, supporting personnel, preparation of production documentation required by government regulations, and monitoring all bottling lines for quality and production specifications.Priorites of the position include (but are not limited to):• Oversees operations of assigned bottling lines to effectively and efficiently ensure completion of production schedules within safety, quality, budgetary and regulatory guidelines. Provides technical assistance to operators and line employees. Coordinates necessary maintenance actions to maintain production quality and efficiency. Works with Bottling Manager and bottling maintenance team to implements operational and mechanical improvements. Evaluates production efficiency and cost; plans, organizes, directs, monitors and evaluates production on assigned lines; directs improvements and corrective action plans. Establishes work schedules• Monitors and enforces all OSHA and Company safety regulations and policies. Provides leadership to the safety program for the Bottling department through development and execution of safe practices and operating procedures to minimize the occurrence and severity of workplace accidents. Assists in the investigation of EH&S incidents to determine and address root cause. Understand and comply with safety requirements of position; keep safety top of mind at all times and prevent co-workers from working unsafely. Report all safety concerns and all accidents and near misses immediately. Participate in safety inspections• Trains and supervises assigned bottling line employees to improve skills and performance of all employees in the Bottling Department. Motivates and manages employees to product quality products within quality and efficiency guidelines. Evaluates employee performance and skill level to determine skill improvement needs and develops improvement plans to address. Creates and develops a personal development plan with Bottling Manager to improve a skill/competency that will develop personal skills and improve performance. Improve at least one skill each year as agreed with supervisor. Deliver on performance against outcomes.• Continuously improve the quality of processes, products, services and the culture in which we work. Ensure adherence to Personal Safety, Food Safety, Quality and Environmental Policies and Practices. Analyzes and resolves problems relating to product quality in a timely manner to avoid need for rework.• Provide support to the New Product Development Team in developing new products within timelines and budgets. Provides input to evaluate equipment capabilities and capital expenditure requirements. Works with the management team to implement new initiatives including new products and packages. Coordinate work with other departments to maintain product quality and production efficiency. Ensure that defect free products are scheduled, produced and shipped, in full and on time to meet customer demand.• Meets and exceeds customer expectations through supervision of assigned bottling lines to deliver product on time within budget and to meet quality specifications. Resolves production related problems.• Recommend ideas to reduce costs.Ensure production efficiency within cost standards. Tracks efficiencies, quality and production data to improve yields and throughput without sacrificing quality. Analyzes and resolves problems related to efficiency, processes, material, scrap and waste• Provides leadership to assigned bottling line teams in a manner consistent with the culture of the company. Ensures employees are treated fairly and with respect. Creates a team environment where all employees are encouraged to make a difference in meeting and exceeding customer expectations. Participates in efforts to address issues identified through climate surveys and make the Company a Best Place to Work. Behave as described by our core values of Integrity and Trust, Ethics and Values, Building Team Spirit, Fairness, Caring, Results, Managing and Measuring, Action Oriented, Priority Setting and Total Quality Management.• Ensures all Bottling operations meet regulatory requirements including OSHA, EPA and TTB regulations. Takes immediate corrective action when needed to stay in compliance. Perform job in a responsible manner and in compliance with Company procedures and applicable rules and regulations.• Monitors and supervises housekeeping within the Bottling department.Qualifications/RequirementsRequired Qualifications• Minimum of a Bachelor's Degree• 2 years of relevant experience in a fast paced environment• Supervisory experience• Strong planning and organizational skills• Ability to communicate with all levels of an organization• Excellent oral & written communication skillsPreferred Requirements• Familiar with beverage processing and its associated equipment• Strong planning and organizational skillsOptionsApply for this job online ApplyShareRefer this job to a friend ReferSorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.Share on your newsfeedSazerac and its affiliates engage in personnel decisions and administer our personnel policies without regard to race, religion or creed, color, sex or gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristic. We affirm in policy and practice to support and promote the concept of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action, in accordance with all applicable federal, state, provincial and municipal laws.Application FAQs Software Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.comView OriginalJob Posting Data and Labor Data from JobsEQ® - Copyright © 2021 Chmura Economics & Analytics. All Rights Reserved. Data as of 1/23/2021 6:17:01 PM UTC."
