"Cornell University, CALS Molecular Biology and GeneticsAcademicJobsOnline.org‌New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact UsCornell University, CALS Molecular Biology and GeneticsPosition ID: Cornell-CALS Molecular Biology and Genetics-POSTDOC_ROBERT [#16743]Position Title: Postdoctoral AssociatePosition Type: PostdoctoralPosition Location: Ithaca, New York 14853, United States [map]Subject Areas: Cell BiologyCellular and Molecular BiologyMolecular BiologyAppl Deadline: 2020/12/31 11:59PM (posted 2020/09/09, updated 2020/08/25, listed until 2020/12/31)Position Description:*** the list date or deadline for this position has passed and new applications are no longer being accepted. ***Academic Job DescriptionMolecular Biology and GeneticsRole of Inositol Phosphates in Retroviral AssemblyPosition FunctionA post-doctoral associate position is immediately available to join the research group of Robert Dick, located in the lab of Volker M. Vogt in the Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, doing research in the area of retroviral assembly and structure. The position will involve protein purification, screening for inositol phosphate sensitivity of viral lattice formation, and structure determination. Responsibilities will include: 1) setting up high throughput assembly screens using thermal shift assays, 2) structure determination of assembled virus particles, and 3) mutational analysis of critical protein-protein interfaces.Anticipated Division of TimeProtein preparation and handling30%Screening for assembly of protein into viral lattices30%Data analysis and structure determination30%Preparing reports and publications10%Minimum Position RequirementsPh.D. with research experience in protein biochemistry and molecular biology.Proficiency in DNA cloning and protein purification.Experience with sample preparation for imaging.Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with a strong publication record.Independence and project leadership skills.Preferred QualificationsMore than 3 years of experience in protein purification and handling.Experience with cryo-EM imaging and data anyalysis.A record of publication in the field of virus structure and assembly.Experience with RNA preparation and handling.Background in structure determination using RELION, Dynamo, and ETomo.Experience with tissue culture and fluorescent imaging.SalaryThe postdoctoral associate will be paid according to the NIH-scale for starting postdoc with zero years of experience.SupervisionThe postdoctoral associate will be supervised directly by they PI (Robert Dick)Supervision ExercisedThe position does not require supervision, but dependent on the experience desired by the candidate, may include some supervision of students and/or technicians.Application procedure: Submit online to https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/16743 a Curriculum Vitae, a Research Plan, 3 references, and a Statement of Contribution to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (1 page). Application review begins on September 25, 2020 and will continue until a suitable candidate is identified. Administrative questions can be addressed by Joan Olson: jmo237@cornell.eduThe College of Agriculture and Life Sciences is a pioneer of purpose-driven science and home to Cornell University’s second largest population of students, faculty and staff. We work across disciplines to tackle the challenges of our time through world-renowned research, education and outreach. The questions we probe and the answers we seek focus on three overlapping concerns: natural and human systems; food, energy and environmental resources; and social, physical and economic well-being.Cornell embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will create a climate that attracts persons of all races, ethnicities, and genders. Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Cornell understands the needs of dual career couples, which it attempts to meet through a Dual Career program and membership in the Upstate New York Higher Education Recruitment Consortium, which assists dual career searches. Visit http://www.hercjobs.org/ to see positions available in higher education in the upstate New York area.Cornell and Ithaca are family-friendly communities: Cornell has a comprehensive set of policies, services and benefits to help you, your partner and your children feel welcomed here, to support your well-being, and to help with child care, elder care, and those with disabilities. For more details, see: https://hr.cornell.edu/sites/default/files/documents/family_resources_faculty.pdf.Employment Assistance: If you require an accommodation for a disability in order to complete an employment application or to participate in the recruiting process, you are encouraged to contact Cornell University's Department of Inclusion and Workforce Diversity at voice (607) 255-3976, fax (607) 255-7481, or email at owdi@cornell.edu. For general questions about the position or the application process, please contact the Recruiter listed in the job posting. Applicants that do not have internet access are encouraged to visit your local library, or local Department of Labor. You may also visit the office of Workforce Recruitment and Retention Monday - Friday between the hours of 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. to use a dedicated workstation to complete an online application. Notice to Applicants: Please read the required Notice to Applicants statement by clicking here. This notice contains important information about applying for a position at Cornell as well as some of your rights and responsibilities as an applicant. EEO Statement: Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. We also recognize a lawful preference in employment practices for Native Americans living on or near Indian reservations. Cornell University is an innovative Ivy League university and a great place to work. Our inclusive community of scholars, students, and staff impart an uncommon sense of larger purpose, and contribute creative ideas to further the university's mission of teaching, discovery, and engagement.Application Materials Required:Submit the following items online at this website to complete your application:Cover letterCurriculum VitaeStatement of Diversity, Equity, and InclusionResearch Interests and PlansThree reference letters (to be submitted online by the reference writers at this site )And anything else requested in the position description.Further Info:https://mbg.cornell.edu/526 Campus Rd107 Biotechnology BldgIthaca, NY 14853New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us© 2021 AcademicJobsOnline.Org. All Rights Reserved."
