"BLITZER’S BLOG: Obama’s “make or break” jobs speech – The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer - CNN.com BlogsToday's Situation Room:Wolf Blitzer delivers the most important breaking news and political, international, and national security stories of the day. Tune to The Situation Room weekdays 5-7pm ET on CNN.	Wolf Blitzer delivers the most important breaking news and political, international, and national security stories of the day. Tune to The Situation Room weekdays 5-7pm ET on CNN.National SecurityPoliticsInternational AffairsEbolaISISNorth KoreaCrisis in SyriaCrisis in UkraineSituation Room on FacebookSituation Room on TwitterSituation Room on InstagramInterview highlightsAugust 31st, 2011	02:44 PM ETShare this on:FacebookTwitterDiggdel.icio.usredditMySpaceStumbleUponBLITZER’S BLOG: Obama’s “make or break” jobs speechBy CNN’s Wolf Blitzer(CNN) - Now we know that President Obama wants to deliver his major speech on jobs next Wednesday night before a joint session of the Senate and House. I've been calling it a \"make or break\" speech because jobs remains issue No. 1 in his bid for re-election and there are still so many millions of Americans out of a job. There are millions more looking for a better job. Unless the president can turn things around between now and November 2012, his re-election will be in very deep trouble irrespective of his Republican challenger.For the millions who are unemployed, the nation is not only in a recession, it's in a depression. That's certainly what it feels like for them.There are millions more underemployed. They may have had a job a few years ago earning, let's say, $70,000 a year. They lost that job, ran out of unemployment and eventually had to settle for a job earning, let's say, $30,000 – with fewer benefits to boot. These people are officially counted as fully employed but let's be clear: they are not happy about their situation. For them, it's still very much a recession.President Obama is going to have to convince these people and millions more who are deeply concerned about the jobs they still have that he's on top of the situation – that he knows how to create jobs. It won't be enough to simply state that his nearly $1 trillion economic stimulus package of 2009 \"created or saved\" 2 million or 3 million jobs. These folks are nervous and anxious and they want to see some hope.There is no doubt that President Obama inherited an economic nightmare. Americans understand that. But they also understand that after nearly three years in the White House, the president needs to show the American people that he has a concrete plan for action. They really want action.Pollsters like to say that the most important question they routinely ask voters is the \"right track-wrong track\" question. \"Is the country moving on the right track or the wrong track?\"If most Americans believe the country is moving on the wrong track, the incumbents usually get pushed out of the way.That's why I firmly believe that his speech next week will be a \"make or break\" moment for his presidency. How's that for pressure on President Obama?RELATED STORY: Obama set to deliver September 7 economic address to CongressPost by: Wolf Blitzer	Filed under: Economy • Jobs • Wolf Blitzersoundoff (1,035 Responses)custom writing servicesExcellent post! I think you've encapsulated the mission of this blog and our challenge.January 5, 2012 at 9:35 am | Log in to Reply	Alishia MecciaIts like you read my thoughts! You appear to know a lot approximately this, such as you wrote the book in it or something. I believe that you just can do with a few percent to force the message house a bit, however instead of that, this is magnificent blog. A great read. I'll certainly be back.December 1, 2011 at 4:12 am | Log in to Reply	Jay DubyaIf Obama fools enough senators and congressmen to pass this bill the dems will go back into \"reward all of our fellow dem cronies with these breaks and free government monies\" mode as they did in the stimulus party they threw when Obama first took office.September 8, 2011 at 7:49 pm | Log in to Reply	Jay DubyaWhat happens when the fringe left who has zero experience making the day to day decisions of running the country is allowed to steer the ship? You got it......tepid talk. What \"they\" are best at is the critiquing of those that do know what it takes to lead. What \"they\" are best at is trashing someone else's decisions the day after. Again I say, what happens when the professional critic gets a chance to lead?Do you remember the captain of the oil tanker in the movie \"Waterworld\"? Remember his pep talk speech? Sounds exactly like Obama. Lets go nowhere!!!! In a hurry!!!!September 8, 2011 at 7:44 pm | Log in to Reply	Jay DubyaHere's an idea..... Any ship that shows up to our shore with products to sell/ stock the lots/ shelves pays an outrageous import tax. American, foreign, ..... Doesn't matter. No breaks or loopholes. Any CFO worth their paycheck will soon agree that it costs less to create their items on shore.September 8, 2011 at 7:34 pm | Log in to Reply	AntoinetteJoe, you have absolutely hit the nail on the head! Your proposal of Buy American is simply the most do-able action I have ever seen. Imagine, a Walmart without cars in the lot! What a great front-page picture that would make!September 6, 2011 at 10:57 pm | Log in to Reply	BobObama should call for a Buy America campaign. It is vital to change consumer choices, educate the American consumer to buy US produced products, and require accurate labeling as the origin of the products, their components, and the labor used in production at all stages. Until there is a Buy America store across the street from Walmart and that parking lot is full and Walmart's is empty, there is little real hope for American manufacturing. An educated consumer making the right choices when they shop can turn this around in a year or less. How many Americans will pledge to buy no foreign made goods until we have full employment? How many US stores will sit for a year with goods on their shelves nobody will buy before ordering from American suppliers? If America is mad about no jobs they should find a mirror and look at the problem. Government will not solve the problem, cheap dollars will not solve the problem, tax breaks that bankrupt the government and encourage people to go buy more imported goods will not solve the problem, having 6 people that cost $150,000 watching one that costs $100,000 shoveling asphalt in a hole will not solve the problem. Americans buying American made goods WILL solve the problem. He needs to call the country to action WE can do, since the government has been paralyzed by the Republicans, first via hundreds of Senate filibusters during the first two year of his term, and now by a radical right House and even more recalcitrant Senate since the 2010 elections.September 6, 2011 at 7:44 pm | Log in to Reply	VictorMy proposal on how to help with unemployment:1. If more than 20% of corporation's expenses are over-sea's expenses (whatever the expenses are: supplies, customer support, development, etc) than this corporation has to pay additional 15% tax which is calculated not from the profit but from the overall over-sea's expenses.This will make the corporation to think where to expend their business (over-sea or in USA) and will make small and medium businesses stronger and more competitive to the big corporations. We have to make sure that 'Made in USA' can compete with 'made in China' and 'Made in India'. We have to make sure that customer support to American customers is provided by Americans. We have to change the dogma that Americans are consumers and the rest of the world sells to Americans. We can work and we want to work.2. The exemption from the p.1 are the companies that have more than 50% of profit coming from export (companies that deal with natural resources, oil, mining and other companies should not be covered by this exemption).We need to balance import/export and we need to protect those who exports and those who sell \"Made in USA\" outside of USA.3. If a company shows the grow in the number of employees (not over-sea's employees) that worked for more than 1 year in this company then this company is entitled for the equivalent tax deduction (max 5%). The companies that deal with natural resources, oil, mining and other companies should not be covered by this tax exemption.It should definitely attract the companies, small and big to open new working places and make it easier for them to invest the money they have into the company's expansions.4. Addition to the p.3: If a company sponsors two full time students in USA (not over-sea) for a year (tuition fees and leaving expenses) then it should be equivalent to one new working place for the tax deduction in the p.3.If we want to compete with the rest of the world we have to think about education. People with good education and good qualification have more potential to start a new business.----------------------–I could add more points, but I think it is enough for you to start thinkingSeptember 4, 2011 at 3:07 pm | Log in to Reply	Donnie RainsPresident Obama has a plan to rebuild our country,inferstructure ect. which would put so many people to work and in return they would spend there money they make to buy houses,cars,washers&dryersetc. just all kinds of things and guess what people have to build those things that people want to buy which in return puts more people to work if you (BUY AMERCIAN BUILT GOODS ONLY) in which everyone should buy americian made gooda only because the free trade agreement is so.....stacked against americian made goods,the republician party has held the amercian people hostage only for polictical gain and for the very rich and they don't care if it ruins our nation as long as they get there way,ther vte (Jonh Bohner YOU RE NOT THE PRESIDENTt).so please remember what the rebublicans done to our country when it come election day and remembe to VOTE AMERCIAN BUY AMERICIAN !!September 4, 2011 at 11:34 am | Log in to Reply	TJ AndersonI wonder if Obama will use \"focus like a laser on jobs\" again as he did 2 years ago. How can Blitzer or any pundit take this man seriously on this \"new\" jobs speech. Obama even ruined this speech in advance by his transparent political maneuvering for a time slot and his \"frustration\" email.September 4, 2011 at 1:19 am | Log in to Reply	btbisagemWell in my opinion, it's not the upcoming speech that will make or break President Obama, it's the critical comments from non supporters. In the President's election campaign, he said CLEARLY, that he couldn't fix Americas' economic issues in his first term considering it took approximately 16 years for the Republicans, (BUSH) to tear it apart. He has made some accomplishments during his term and I have faith that he will continue to move America forward if given the opportunity. The crisis America is dealing with is the direct result of Bush's mismanagement of America's budget and his greed for his own financial gain. We lived and watched as he contributed to escalating gas prices, loss of jobs, higher taxes, and the list goes on. I look forward to hearing the President's speech. I'm sure it won't be full of false promises to the Nation but realistic facts of what needs to be done to begin moving forward and a realistic time period for that to occur. Give me the truth, as my husband says, Don't blow smoke up my a$$~!!!!!September 3, 2011 at 7:40 am | Log in to Reply	S. Alex PopeThe recent hullabaloo over when the President can deliver a speech before a joint session of Congress on the subject of greatest import to the nation at the moment,jobs,is a harbinger of the daunting task before the Congressional Supercommittee;the nation demands results ASAP and,a suggested route would be for the supercommittee to constitute itself into a \"CONCLAVE\",only emerging when they have a consensus job-building,budget-trimming plan!!!September 2, 2011 at 6:59 pm | Log in to Reply	JonesJoe Walsh, needs to be removed from office. He is acting like a spoil child who can not get his way; pouting and not show up for the meeting. How can President Obama get anything done while dealing with adults with such child like behavior, taking away value time to deal with their immature actions. Mr. Walsh was not elected to disrespect his country by disrespecting the U.S.A. President, in more than one way. As a former member of the UNITED STATES ARMY, I am appalled at Mr. Walsh actions. The Military Oath of Enlistment include \"and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice.\" These service people leave their home to serve where they do not want to go for their country. Joe Walsh can not even go to Washington to hear the President without causing confusion. Mr. Walsh is committing Mutiny before the whole CNN audience.September 2, 2011 at 6:43 pm | Log in to Reply	aug01So, Joe Walsh doesn't want to show up at work, and he gets national attention? Could I have his job?September 2, 2011 at 6:06 pm | Log in to Reply	j. hoglund - Angry AmericanI'll tell you what should be done! Desperate times call for desperate measures American. Show some back bone and fight. The Republicans are so, so proud of their pledges, every American should sign a pledge stating that we will not pay our Income Taxes next year. Think about it, what could the Government really do, there is safety in numbers. Lets stand up and fight back. Stop letting these companies move to China by slapping a tariff tax for the products coming back into the U.S., and for the love of God when they close a company such as G. E. did don't let them deduct their moving costs especially if they are moving over seas. Come on America lets get the word out. If Congress so proud of what they are doing lets show them what the American People can do. Hit them where it hurts in the pocket book.September 2, 2011 at 6:33 pm | Log in to Reply	steve, phoenix, AZIt's REALLY TRAGIC, that at a time like this in the country's history, the left-wing media, that LITERALLY became the media organ for the Democratic party continues to act the way it ALWAYS did. Demonizing, ripping apart the republicans, the Tea Party,..... ANYONE, who's not a democrat ! Encouraging all the pseudo-intellectual nitwits out there to continue to vote for FAILED leftist policies that ALREADY RUINED Europe, and WILL RUIN the United States. It seems NOTHING matters any more ( not even the fate of your country !! ) .....ONLY the support of the Democratic Party.....CNN, and MSNBC have given up EVEN pretending to be a media organization.....They are NOTHING but an ESSENTIAL part of the Democratic Party's campaign apparatus..... And , by the way , ...if you want a definition here, be my guest : Fascism : The cooperation of big business ( the American left-wing media; multi-billion dollar industry ) and a political party ( The Democratic Party ) for the detriment of the people . Unfortunately, that's how easy it is.....September 2, 2011 at 2:33 pm | Log in to Reply	theTonyOut of all the comments I read, no one seems to realize the real problem. Look in the mirror, don't stare look behind the mirror, where was it made; look at all the stuff you have from your underpants to your TV to the car, 90% WAS NOT made in the USA!September 1, 2011 at 8:09 pm | Log in to Reply	DonSCMr. Blitzer, I have enjoyed watching the Situation Room for a long time, mainly because of your unbiased reporting. When it comes to your commenting on the President's speech, it really questions who may have gotten in your pocket as of late. I am a vetern, 56 yrs. old, and that makes me number one, loyal to my Commander-in-Chief, and number two, old enough to remember how OUR Presidents have traditionally been respected enough by loyal Americans everywhere to have been given the,\"Benifit of Doubt', befitting the Office. He is the President after all and he should be able to call a divided and uneffective Congress, to the carpet anytime he pleases, especially in the face of a crisis such as Jobs and our economy. Our media used to respect the office of the President, I am also old enough to remember that very well. Wolf you and all Americans need to get off the President's back and support him in his effort to make our situation better As a loyal American I support My President, and I gladly give him the breathing room he needs to do his job, no questions asked. You and many more Americans need to get off his back, and also provide \"Our\" President, \"Our\" Commander-in Chief, the great respect he deserves. Everyone who is complaining about President Obama, need to be reminded that they are not the ones with the burden of leading America through probably the most negative issues than any other American President has ever had to deal with in Modern times. Mabye people should recognize his courage, and coolness under fire, and the honorable way he has dealt with his responsibilities as President. Our President needs the support of all Americans, not the disrespect, unbefitting Our President of the United States of America, and that includes you. But then again, as you tout your dancing ability, I am sure you are conceited enought o feel that you could do a better job.September 1, 2011 at 6:55 pm | Log in to Reply	steve, phoenix, AZSir......Have you been THIS supportive of ALL the previous Presidents ???? ....republicans included ???? It's IDIOTIC to think that you HAVE TO support the President, even when it's HIS ideas , and policies that cause, the DOWNFALL of the country ......September 2, 2011 at 2:22 pm | Log in to Reply	dinakHe made his first speech on this issue after the forced, rushed, emergency trillion-dollar stimulus package. Since then, he has had a \"laser-like\" focus on jobs, several jobs summits, and the summer of recovery. Where's the scrutiny that u would normally give a president under these conditions, Mr. Blitzer?September 1, 2011 at 5:56 pm | Log in to Reply	PhillyGuyI guess everyone gets amnesia when they ask the same stupid questions \"Where are the jobs Mr. Obama?\". Let's see, from what I remember, the President doesn't create and vote laws on the house floor. Absolutely EVERY bill that has been introduced to the floor that has anything to do with giving Mr. Obama credit for achieving growth has been voted NO and/or filibustered by the GOP. All of them, with the exception of the ones that gave tax breaks to the wealthiest in the US.Why no jobs? Becasue the GOP have made sure that nothing gets passed, that's why. The POTUS can only suggest what needs to be done, but congress is supposed to pass a budget, and introduce and pass laws to be signed into declaration by the POTUS.The POTUS is apart of the process the founding fathers setup for the US Constitution, stating the 3 branches of government. They didn't give the POTUS all power to the equivalent of a king or dictator. How about all of you saying that you're tired of seeing stagnant job growth get upset with the GOP that refuse to pass anything for the POTUS to sign! The POTUS is the executive branch, not the legislative branch idiots! Put the blame where it is due.September 1, 2011 at 11:13 am | Log in to Reply	Dan in AlbuquerqueYou are absolutely right. When half the legislative brqnch is not participating in any discussions except among themselves, there is no national discourse. Until that happens, this country will suffer. That's why 2012 needs to see removal of right wing extremists who are obstructing true compromise, and realization by the far left that they can't have everything they want. Americans have clearly indicated that a majority is fed up with Congress and expect them to get off their butts and pass spending cuts AND revenue.September 1, 2011 at 2:24 pm | Log in to Reply	dinakYou have to be kidding. For the first two years, the Dems had a super-majority. How do you think the great answer to our problems, the trillion-dollar stimulus package passed, as well as Obamacare? The reason that the House was able to get a few more repubs last November is because the Dems who were in control were not doing the right things.September 1, 2011 at 5:59 pm | Log in to Reply	James B.The republican party has done everything it can do to create a failed American presidency, yet they think of themselves as being patriots. I think they are close to traitorous. They no longer serve America, nor do they care for the fate of Americans. All they care about is no taxes for the rich, which of course includes themselves. The Tea Party radicals and crazies have taken over the republican party and they have created a klan of kooks and fanatics.I will not vote for a republican for many years to come because of this lunacy. Bohner, McConnell, and the other wackos are completely nuts if they think their childish behavior is what the American people desire.September 1, 2011 at 11:09 am | Log in to Reply	born to be freeI do not need a government who wants to rule all aspects of my life nor my grandchildren.We cannot continue to spend our way out of this mess regardless of how we got here. The best plan to date was offered up by the republicans with the balanced budget and cut spending bill Reed would not even bring to the floor. If it were passes we would still have a AAAA rating.. Think about, do you spend money you down have I don't and the government cannot continue to taz taz for more money to burn.........................September 7, 2011 at 5:26 pm | Log in to Reply	SekeThe democrats make you dependent slaves and promise you benefits that they cant pay for without robbing the rest of us. That is good? You should be proud?September 1, 2011 at 10:57 am | Log in to Reply	DavidReally?September 1, 2011 at 12:25 pm | Log in to Reply	NjeanSeke, Listen! In school, those of us who did not study political science remember vaguely that socialism was the opposite of capitalism and one was about the government taking care of people and the other about those who worked to get it on their own. This is very very broad reasoning. So when we don't look at the details we can label Obama a socialist and hate his policies because they in short take care of the lazy. What is missing here is the other term that Democrats are too polite to mention i.e. FASCISTS. That what the slaveowners mentality was all about. it said don't educate them, don't give them healthcare, put the burden of sustaining the plantation on the backs of the workers. Now here is the situation today: that mentality now applies not just to blacks, but working poor, middle class and upper middle class. You better know the difference. What the TEA Party use to just feel about their slaves, they now feel about you.September 1, 2011 at 7:36 pm | Log in to Reply	LenaA chance to convince Americans? As far as I'm concerned, he's already blown it by being such a dam wimp and caving in to the Republicans every single chance he gets. He wouldn't even stand his ground on the date of his speech! He should have told Boehner, \"Fine, I'll speak directly to the American people from the Oval Office on Sept. 7. You all can go F yourselves.\" I wish the h3ll we could draft a REAL Democrat to run against him in the primaries.September 1, 2011 at 10:50 am | Log in to Reply	Citizen TwainYou are exactly right, he is a spineless jellyfish.September 2, 2011 at 3:21 pm | Log in to Reply	CarltonThe answer is SOOOOO obvious. We need Rick Perry in the oval office!! Hopefully he won't have to refurnish the entire place after the Obama's leave.September 1, 2011 at 10:48 am | Log in to Reply	NjeanJust please don't hang that Confederate flag on his podium and please no animal heads on the walls. If he secedes from the Union before his election he may not be able to hold the office even if he won because he wouldn't be a US citizen.September 1, 2011 at 7:40 pm | Log in to Reply	Garyd2Since you republicans are so very bright, how will a republican in the white house make a change? You seen what 8 years of republican rule has done for the USA and now you want them back again, how deep do you want this hole they dug for us all. There are a ton of republicans who want to be president, how are any of them gonna help us? There has been no mention of any programs to get us out of this huge hole we are now in and the republicans dug the hole, I guess they will fill in this hole now. Nothing good has ever come from a republican president and never will. The republicans want Obama to fail so that they can get back in but what are they going to do to help us? where are the zillions of new jobs that they promised in the last election? When will this huge hiring frenzy gonna start? How long do we have to wait before everyone goes busted? Bankrupt workers do not contributite to paying more takes.September 1, 2011 at 10:28 am | Log in to Reply	lodirickObama is a total failure. His economic plan is leading us to becoming bankrupt. He takes credit for killing Bin Ladin he was against the plan that gave him the information that led to the killing. He is the most liberal president of all time and what does that give us-9% unemployment, a huge debt, and a stimulus plan that did not work, I say one and done, let's get rid of this guy and vote in a fiscal conservative to turn this economy around.September 1, 2011 at 10:24 am | Log in to Reply	mcoreI'm already impressed with this president. What too many people don't consider is that Obama – as Blitzer points out – inherited an economy that was almost completely destroyed by GW Bush. In fact, it was the worst economy this country had seen since the crash in 1929. Doubters should ask themselves: how long did it take FDR to pull the country back from the Great Depression? How much help did he get from the Congress (mush more than this president is getting)? And how patient were the American people? The trouble with Americans today is we want everything fixed immediately and have no patience whatsoever – we're also spoiled rotten and accustomed to a standard of living that was only attained through decades of deficit spending, environmental destruction, and infrastructure neglect. America is now paying for all that – reaping what we've sown, so to speak. This president has been busting his ass since day one and has managed to turn the country around – from a dying economy heading deeper into the red, to a growing one with a positive GDP, reformed consumer credit, and revitalized, fiscally-sound corporations (the current strong stock market is a good indicator). The only ones not willing to let this guy's policies do their slow, steady magic are the bigots in the GOP who would rather see this country wither and die than acknowledge even the smallest success of our nation's first black president.September 1, 2011 at 10:22 am | Log in to Reply	hades65Obama is sort of a lame duck President now. He will have trouble getting anything that he wants done unless he allows the opposition to do most of the actions. If he was smart he would allow let the opposition to do the job reform and that would put their ownership partly on it for 2012.September 1, 2011 at 10:12 am | Log in to Reply	ErikI am so tired of these partisan comments. All of you people posting are no different than those in congress. You sit there and point fingers and scream about who did what. Both parties are equally worthless and if we want to get out of this we need to stop giving a f*ck about who did what and work together to pull out of these nose dives. Anyone with half a brain knows that differing opnions are a good thing. We need people with both point of views to constructively share them and blend them to create a unified solution. Until people constructively get together to do this, which isnt happening on here or in congress, the problem will not go away.September 1, 2011 at 10:09 am | Log in to Reply	Ron FleigAs a life long Republican I and outraged about how the Repbulicans have been acting in congress. They may not like Obama or his policays but they should have respect for the Office of the President. \"Just say No\" worked for Nancy Regan but the Republican policy of Just Say No this year is not helping out country. The latest controversity over the date of the Presidents speech is just the latest example.The first thing that needs to be done in Washington to end the grid lock and massave spending is to put TERM LIMITS ON CONGRESS. The spend all there time in office, working on how to stay in office and get reelected. The massave spending over decades has come about by their spending for their own district to be able to keep their seat.Why is it in all the talk about cuts, there has never been any mention about their own spending. Congressional salaries and staff's should be cut by 25%, there health care should be limited to the time they are in office, The outrages retirement program that gives them retirement after working only 2 to 6 years should be cut. Lead by example cut the outrages perks in congress, than talk about cuts in medicare, social security, student loans, etc. NEXT TIME YOU INTERVIEW A COMGRESS PERSON WOLF . . . ASK THEM ABOUT THAT. Congress is the only major office holders federal or state not subject to term limits, and they are the ones who need them the mostSeptember 1, 2011 at 10:06 am | Log in to Reply	ErnieIf any of you people who are \"managers\" or became a \"manager\" you have to correct what the former \"manager\" did that's the reason why new \"manager\" are hired. Obama is the same, he came in as the new President and he knew what he was getting into. I have seen a lot of \"managers\" try to change policies some times they work and some times they don't and went they don't that \"manager\" gets \"FIRED\". All of Obama's life it has been some one's eles fault that's the way he has been brought up. After a while people are going to start to tell Obama that now it's his fault that nothing is working. So all the \"managers\" out there who got \"FIRED\" then blamed former \"manamger\" you are still blaming the other \"manager\" who you replaced. When you become the new \"manager\" you take all responsibility to get things back on track that's why \"managers\" get paid the big buckies. So if anyone of you wnat to be a \"manager\" you better be able to take the heat in the kitchen or you'll be on the unemployment line.September 1, 2011 at 10:05 am | Log in to Reply	JOEDaveil,The Economic Recovery Bill or stimulus package has saved quarter of a million American jobs in the auto industry alone and the jobs of millions of teachers, police officers, firefighters and healthcare workers and first responders all across America. And without this bill, the unemployment rate would haave been above 10%.Furthermore, this bill was also passed out of necessity to stabilize the broken American economy and prevent it from slipping into a catsatrophic depression. And with this bill, our major financial institutions were stabilized and the end result was Americans could borrow loans to refinance and pay their mortgage and send their kids off to college. And small businesses could stay afloat and pay their employee once more. And again, common sense would tell you that if there was no economic crisis to begin with, then there would not have been a need for a stimulus bill but there was a dire need for this bill.And by the way, while you rightwingers like to criticize the Obama leadership on the economy, can you tell the American people what feasible and effective alternatives or solutions the GOP and their Tea Party have for creating American jobs? First of all, the Tea Party said they're for less government. Then if so, should they be asking for more jobs? And secondly, if the GOP had solutions for job growth and growing the American economy, do you think we would be in an economic crisis? Daveil you and the rest of the rightwingers need to go play Russian Roulett with a loaded pistol. Good Luck!September 1, 2011 at 10:03 am | Log in to Reply	richardsorry wolf but you are wrong on this one. obama may be a dissapointment on his lack of deliverybut that assessment is fundumentally different than saying a return to the strategy which got us here[no taxes on the rich, no taxes on the corporations (ie. pay the ceo more than the company pays thegovernment), wars that accomplish no purpose except to increase military product consumptionand employ private contractors from halburton]. My beef with Obama is simple: the largest leverhe has is to cancel military contractors, and bring troops home. He doesnt need Republican cooperationto do this. He has been unwilling. He needs this cash to fund the jobs program out country needs.American needs to come first, even if the governing parties dont agree.September 1, 2011 at 10:03 am | Log in to Reply	TimInheritance is a moot point now. People need to hear him take responsibility. As long as he denies any responsibility or points a finger at his opponents, he has no reason to fix it. He just part of the problem.September 1, 2011 at 10:01 am | Log in to Reply	lexgreenThe House of Representives, with completely ruined credibility, and a penchant for public hallucination, will, by its very existence and presence, render the speech moot. Unless the President can outline intiiatives that complelty bypass any meaningful participation by this congress.If the House becomes as completely irrelevant as I expect, financial markets will begin to rally at the prospect of little change, or resulting damage, and there may be a fairly improved recovery by spring.The level of insularity and incompetance in this House is truely something to behold. I'm sure there were some sessions like it in the past, but they've been long forgotten, as this one soon will be.September 1, 2011 at 9:58 am | Log in to Reply	gregwell again...here we go with whats gona help create jobs...let me say this, wallmart, kmart, target....this employers hiring is not going to fix anything....you need to make stuf!!!!!! you need to tax the hell out of companies that go offshore and you need to bring the jobs back....ii am really at a loss as to how come this seems so hard to understand?? o ya CEO's making millions off of cheep labour offshore and providing cash incentives to elected officials.....umm yes that is it...but like typically happens these same officials will stand up and let us all know how good they are as untill the roof caves in then will say.......its not may fault....and here is the best part......if only once....just once CCN and the other news agencies stop kiss Washingtons (_ _ _) then perhaps things will get betterSeptember 1, 2011 at 9:52 am | Log in to Reply	ErnieThe people are tired of hearing Obama's speeches, the American people want to see action. Obama still thinks that it's government that creates jobs, well that's wrong. Again it's the private sector that creates jobs. As long as Obama wants to tax business to death and over regulate them business will have no choice to go over seas where the taxes are lower and regulations are not a big factor. Obama doesn't seem to get that people who are out of work want to work and don't want to be on unemployment for a long period of time. The only jobs Obama is creating are \"union jobs\". Everyone knows that Obama is in the back pocket of the \"unions\". What Obama is trying to do is he's trying to create an Obama \"New Deal\". During the \"New Deal\" a lot of workers were put to work by the government but there were no \"unions\" at the time. He's going to give his same \"State of the Union\" message like he did last year which went no where. All the stimulus money Obama spend went to all the \"unions\" and government workers. The biggest mistake Obama made was passing \"Obama Care\" what he should of done was concentrate on getting the ecomomy back on track. This he didn't do now he is paying for it. How many \"Make of Break\" speeches is Obama going to give? right now he can't fool all the people all of the time all he is doing is fooling himself. People are hungry of work while business' are going over seas to China. If want to see a real failure of Socialism look at \"Cuba\" they are a real thriving ecomomy.Righ now Obama is all talk and no action and the American people are tired of it. If his speech fails which it will look for the media to start going aganist Obama for all of his failed policies. There one thing Obama has to be afraid of and that's the liberal media, once they turn on Obama he will be a \"One and Done President\"September 1, 2011 at 9:46 am | Log in to Reply	MikeBellIf the speech doesn't have substance that the American people can believe in and gets the government foot off their throat, then it is more of a 'break' between the American people and the President.September 1, 2011 at 9:45 am | Log in to Reply	Cruxof theMatterThis country will ultimately FAIL under Republicans. Of that there can be No Doubt! Look at how they are holding the President's proposed programs hostage in an effort to not give him the credit he rightfully deserves. Do they care about America? Of course they don't. If they did they would lay partisan politics aside and get down to work to truly help the American people. Have you seen any plan presented by Republicans to create jobs or help the economy? No, and you won't because they have none. And the Republican's political agenda will not allow for economic recovery by the President as they are bent upon ousting Obama at the expense of letting the American people Suffer! That is the crux of this matter and every normal thinking American needs to know and understand that and give *All Republicans* the boot in 2012 so the country can finally move forward without its progress being thwarted by the GOP!September 1, 2011 at 9:42 am | Log in to Reply	lookattherealnumbersThe economy added 1.1 million jobs during 2010 and experienced twelve straight months of gains. Eric Cantor actually tried to take credit for GDP growth in early January 2011, claiming that the 3.2% jump in GDP in the fourth quarter of 2010 was the result of extending the Bush tax cuts in December (despite the fact that they couldn't have influenced anything in October or November of the same quarter). And, of course, Cantor and everyone else in the GOP is now ignoring the Bus tax cuts lack of impact on current job numbers while proposing...more tax cuts.Cantor also attempted to take credit for positive jobs numbers released in early February of 2011, despite the fact that the House GOP hadn't passed any jobs related legislation. And, of course, another seven months have passed now without the House GOP introducing a jobs bill. This is basically the GOP strategy: do nothing that could help the economy, but attempt to take credit if it looks like things are getting better.September 1, 2011 at 9:42 am | Log in to Reply	BlitzWolferGovernments don't create jobs, companies do. America's fortune 500 companies are sitting on hoards of cash and pay low taxes. Obama needs to pay down debt after bailing out corporate America. Obama and taxpayers did their share, now let the private sector pony up and get America working again!September 1, 2011 at 9:32 am | Log in to Reply	The Man from Scene 24What Obama doesn't get and never will is that it's not the governments role to create jobs. Never has been and never will be. It's the governments job to get out of the private sectors way and let them do what they do, he'd know this if he ever had a job in his life. Obama just keeps throwing gasoline on the fire and can't (or won't) understand why it won't go out.September 1, 2011 at 9:31 am | Log in to Reply	NetNinjaMake or break speech?Are you kidding me? If I were a candidate debating Obama, I would clean his clock!\" Mr President you are campagining on new jobs, however those were promises made in your first election, how is it that the American people can trust you to come through on this promise when you failed to fufill your initial promise?Pretty much all your campagin promises were not met except for the unconstituional health care reform you cramed down the American peoples throat at 2:00am. Here were are 3 years into your presidency and we are still in an unemployment slup, the American economy is skittish because of wavering tax incentives for business to create jobs\"It's been the economy that should have been your focus and here we are debating on an issue that should have been behins us. If this was not the case this debate would be on another subject in it's entreity, in fact the entire debate would be a formaility because your approval rating would be through the roof.\"I think I should run.September 1, 2011 at 9:29 am | Log in to Reply	rangAll the speeches are not going to create jobs. And there is no point trying to blame GOP or Dems for the economic situation we are in. We need a confidence booster here which will bring the parties together and change the direction the economy is going.How about this…. Social security is an entitlement which the older folks contributed to and feel entitled to. But many in the SS age group are well off and don't need the payments. If the government agrees to defer these payments and pass along the accrued amounts at a later date or to their children, the folks won't feel cheated. This reduces the current deficits and helps the economy. Why not stop this petty squabbling and solve the nations problems.September 1, 2011 at 9:27 am | Log in to Reply	Enlightened4The Administration's Job Plan? Non existent. Waiting for BO to suggest that half the unemployed move to another country and half die. That would take unemployment to 0%, make Obama look good, huh? He pushed Obamacare through to help the second half along their way. This is all well within the mind set of Socialism, so no one should be surprised. If you pretend outrage, remember you are pretending when you promote this man of No Vision, no plan, no foreign policy,ETC.September 1, 2011 at 9:27 am | Log in to Reply	ByronTrying to put my own bias aside, I agree with wolf's article. When looking at the historical Data, no President has ever survived economic numbers like the ones Obama is facing. Jimmy Carter lost to Ronald Regan in 1980 because of super inflation, limited gas reserves and unemployment. Lyndon B. Johnson left the 1968 presidential race because of a downswing in manufacturing, unpopular social programs and a very unpopular war in Vietnam. President Hoover lost In 1932 to FDR because a bad economy under President Coolidge got worse under Hoover. FDR was reelected in 1936 because the economy did improve again. All historical data points to Obama losing to whatever Republican is nominated for President. Even Political writers from the New York Times are questioning whether they should have voted for Hillary in the 2008 primaries. Wolf is correct that this speech is make or break because Americans want to hear what is the plan. If not, Democrats can start looking forward to 2016 campaign if the Republicans fail with the economy in the post-Obama era.September 1, 2011 at 9:18 am | Log in to Reply	CarmenNothing will change or improve until term limits are put in. Why is it that our president is limited to 8 years but the country club (house/senate) can be there forever???? I'll vote for any politician that truly pushes term limits. Until then; these guys are out to just get power; protect thier jobs and play in the biggest game. Get in with the knowledge that you will be out. Once the cameras are off; the people are the enemy; both groups just go back to the club.September 1, 2011 at 9:11 am | Log in to Reply	ToucheSime solution, stop giving tax breaks to companies that ship jobs overseas. If it costs them more to do that, then they will start to keep jobs here.September 1, 2011 at 9:10 am | Log in to Reply	HonestAbeBah... you're all barking up the wrong tree. It's not Dems or Reps or GOPS or TeaPeeS or any other political group. If you want America to get back on track, then Americans need to stop taking and start giving. Start at the top. Greedy corporations need to stop sending our jobs overseas to increase their profit margins. That will create jobs. You want to cut costs? Don't pay your exec's 16 million per year! Execs should be ashamed. Who needs that much money? NEXT? Sports figures. 100 million over 6 years? Entertainers, musicians, it is ridiculous the amount of money that we waste every year. Welfare recipients, Takers! (yes i know there are execptions to every rule, but the SYSTEM is broken!) Free lunch programs in our schools, Bussing! TAKERS!!! America has stopped producing.. we're fat, lazy bums who expect that Someone OWES us a living. You want change? Get rid of Credit! You want change? Get rid of PROGRAMS. Children should take care of their parents as they age... the parents took care of them as they were growing up!!! BUT... noooOooo americans DESERVE MORE!!! Let the government take care of old people, and underprivileged! Wait... so ... the CHURCHES were given the responsibility to take care of needy people... but they CAN'T because the government prevents it... because apparently, the churches only help people who DESERVE it!?!?! Stop wasting! If you want change... then change yourself... and encourage those around you to change. QUIT SUPPORTING programs aimed at LOOSENING the moral fiber of the country! We encourage our children to have sex, and we glamorize pre-marital sex.. and THEN we pay for the abortions that are created because of the unwanted pregnancies. What we need in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA is... simply... a return to the status that the nation was founded upon.. ONE NATION UNDER GOD! The country is in turmoil because we have forsaken that which has kept us blessed for centuries! 'We're calling what is wrong right, and what is right, we call wrong. It doesn't matter who is in the whitehouse or who is in congress or who is in the senate. What matters is each individual needs to return to a more morally conservative world view. THEN, and only then will our nation begin to flourish as it did 50 years ago.September 1, 2011 at 9:02 am | Log in to Reply	JOEWhen you right wingers say that president Obama's stimulus package and Obamacare contributed to the deficit, that just explains how incompetent and stupid you rightwingers really are. First of all, the stimulus package or Economic Recovery bill was passed OUT OF NECESSITY to stabilize the fragile American economy and prevent it from slipping into a catastrophic depression. And common sense (which you rightwingers lack) would tell you that if there was no economic crisis to begin with, then there would not have been a need for a stimulus bill but there was a dire need for this bill. That is real F-ing leadership.Secondly, the comprehensive healthcare legislation has very minimal impact on the deficit and significant long term benefits to our economy because as the CBO or Congressional Budget Office said, this bill will reduce our national deficit by almost three hundred billion dollars over a ten year period. That is called being F-ing fiscallly responsible.And when you rightwingers say that the Democrats had control of the House and Senate and did nothing, you all are missing the whole picture. You see, when the GOP controlled congress, they never did compromise and listen to the Democrats. They did things their way. However, when the Democrats had control of congress, they compromised and worked with the GOP and unfortunately they subsequently gave the GOP too much leeway to F-up our economy. That's the big difference.September 1, 2011 at 8:57 am | Log in to Reply	MartinIt's not about speeches, it's about performance and results. Obama needs to show leadership instead of continual campaigning and polling. I am a liberal and will vote for Obama. And if he loses, I will feel bad for the country, but I won't feel bad for him. HE deserves to lose.September 1, 2011 at 8:55 am | Log in to Reply	BostonB52Here's a whacky idea, that just might help the economy (and, jobs): Conservatives are calling for smaller government. How about a statute that limits the amount of federal money going to states to the amount of taxes paid out by residents of those same states? That would have the effect not only of saving money, but making government smaller.I mean, it seems fair. California is struggling, but only gets back .78 cents per dollar it pays in. Alaska, awash in oil money, gets back $1.84. Which doesn't, A: seem fair, and B: well, seem fair. At any level. I want a level playing field for us to play on. Really sick on my state (Massachusetts) subsidizing Mississippi (they get $2.02 per dollar!). Let's follow another plan from the conservative playbook, and starve the beasties: no more Welfare Moms Driving Campaign Busses around the country.September 1, 2011 at 8:54 am | Log in to Reply	JOEHey Chris,President Obama isn't living in the past. He's just dealing with past problems that are confronting us today. Obama/Biden 2012.September 1, 2011 at 8:40 am | Log in to Reply	Badeley-BentThere will NEVER be economic recovery as long as we continue with Free Trade! It has been a disaster and it is insane to continue with it. Voters MUST demand their representatives deal with the real problem and soon. I doubt our President has the will to acknowledge and redress the damage it is doing to the American economy.September 1, 2011 at 8:30 am | Log in to Reply	MartinI have 25 years of experience in international banking, specifically financing international trade. And I agree! It is naive to think that all trade barriers can be eliminated and that goods can simply compete on the basis of who makes them best and most efficiently. There are many barriers to trade that have nothing to do with duties and tariffs. Language and other cultural barriers are a significant issue in most countries. Distribution systems and the local ways of doing business can pose a huge challenge to anyone trying to sell from the outside. The U.S. is also a huge market and there are no barriers to interstate commerce in the U.S. Launching a new brand in the U.S. is easy and for the required investment you get access to a market of 300 million people. You can create a corporation in a day in the U.S. In other countries it can take years. The international playing field is far from being level, partly by design, but mostly because that's just the way it is... We are losing our middle class in the U.S. partly because we have embraced free trade that will never really be free, and the benefits are coming to the very few.September 1, 2011 at 8:52 am | Log in to Reply	MikeBellIt needs to be changed from 'Free Trade' to 'Fair Trade'.September 1, 2011 at 9:47 am | Log in to Reply	MichaelFree trade has been bad for \"who\"? Us corporations have seen the largest increase in earnings and are sitting on the largest cash reserves (after keeping their shareholders very happy) in a long time. Perhaps, the real problem is the illiterate and underskilled population the USA has achieved over the past three decades while the upper 5% of Americans have seen their net worth increase at staggering rates while the general population have been on a straight line just keeping their heads above water. Wise up fool, the trickle down effect has worked only for those who 'p...ed' down on the US citizens while shipping all those manufacturing jobs overseas helping their balance sheets over what was good for America. The enemy is within and the President today has to work around all of this fallout while trying to convince the haves that the have-nots need some fairness.September 1, 2011 at 9:54 am | Log in to Reply	chrisSo Obama is going to start and end with it's not my fault the republicans are the bad guys. He's hoping that people forget he squandered his opportunity when the Democrats had the presidency, senate and house majorities. Forget that he promised change and all that has happened was same old, same old politics. And most importantly, forget a majority of Americans created this supreme regulator by voting blindly.September 1, 2011 at 8:22 am | Log in to Reply	DaveilTHe country elected a communtiy organizer, political hack from Chicago and now they're learning what that means.September 1, 2011 at 8:46 am | Log in to Reply	DoriGood points, however and sadly people have the memory of gnats or just insist on denial and have to fault someone.September 1, 2011 at 9:06 am | Log in to Reply	lexgreenNo, it will be more like: \"It's not my fault because the House of Representatives is a vacuum unable to fashion any legislation that will reach my desk.\"Then Rep. Jim DeMint will stand up and yell: \"Mrrflgh !\" because the House ushers will have forced him to wear a muzzle...September 1, 2011 at 10:02 am | Log in to Reply	GuestThe democrats' control over the senate is meaningless because the republicans filibuster virtually everything that the democrats propose.September 1, 2011 at 10:25 am | Log in to Reply	JMR49Blindly? So you are saying you voted for Mcain/Palin with your eyes wide open?September 1, 2011 at 10:28 am | Log in to Reply	Free SpeechI understand your disappointment in president Obama, but you can not let the title of President fool you. In theory the president is suppose to be the highest position in the United States of America, but in reality being the CEO of a fortune 500 company is just as powerful. Obama does not control unemployment, he can only give incentives to companies and hope that they will accept his plan and higher people. Let's be real, there are a lot of American corporations who outsource work. Why not bash these companies about their practices of outsourcing? Remember the media is not a free service, and journalist do what their employers pay them to doSeptember 1, 2011 at 10:37 am | Log in to Reply	James B.We hear this bs all the time, but did anyone really expect any president to cure the nation's woes in the first two years of his presidency? Remember, Bohner, McConnell, and other republicans vowed to stop, delay, or destroy everything Obama would attempt to do in order to make the Obama presidency fail. They vowed to screw Obama at every opportunity, so no president could cure everything with the republicans fighting EVERYTHING.Obama has not failed. It is the republican party that has failed America.September 1, 2011 at 11:15 am | Log in to Reply	JOEA make or break speech? So how many make or break speeches did George W. Bush make? Yet he was re-elected, make that elected because he was appointed to office by the Supreme court the first time around after his brother Jed Bush sabotaged and rigged the 2000 election. And yes, GWB was elected in 2004 despite not uncovering any WMD's in Iraq, a mission that has left thousands of our troops dead and they're still dying in Iraq and Afghanistan as we speak. But what I find ironic is that in 2004 the American people said let GWB FINISH what he started. And that is exactly what he did because in his second term he FINISHED America with the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.So how many make or break speeches did GWB make during his presidency? In his first term he gave us 9/11, two unpaid wars and a whole lot of dead American soldiers and in his second term he gave us the worst economic crisis in America since the Great Depression. Yet, he never gave a prime time speech to address these problems he and the GOP brought on America. But since president Obama has taken office, I find it ironic that he has been pressured to address every problem he inherited from GWB and the GOP. So how come? And why the double standard? I hate to play the race card but that is blatant bigotry and racism. That is exactly what it is.And let's face it, president Obama doesn't have to deliver make or break speeches because no matter what he says to the American people, the GOP, their Tea Party and the mainstream republican owned and operated media will unleash stern criticism to appease to their base, score political points and make the president look bad anyway.But the reality is the president doesn't really have to deliver make or break speeches because his presidency has already been one of the most successful in American history despite the deliverate roadblocks and policy delaying tactics by the GOP and their Tea Party. And the president doesn't really have to deliver make or break speeches on the economy for two reasons. The first is that the American people already know that if the Democrats had control of the House, alot more job would have already been created. Secondly, the American people already know that if the GOP had aany solutions to job growth, we wouldn't have been in an economic crisis in the first place. And could you imagine if president Obama had to wait for the GOP's vote on whether or not we go after Osama Bin Laden, what would have been Bin Laden's fate today? Well, the reality is Osama Bin Laden would still be alive today and threatening to attack America once more.Finally, the president doesn't have to deliver a make or break speech on the economy because in 2009 the Federal Reserve made it clear that due to the severity and dept of this crisis, significant job growth in the millions would not happen overnight, but it would be a gradual process that would take a few years to materialize. Furthermore, no administrations in American history has ever been able to create 20 million jobs in two and a half years. Even God couldn't do that. So a make or break speech? I don't think so.September 1, 2011 at 8:11 am | Log in to Reply	chrisI guarantee if Obama comes out and says it's GW Bush's fault he'll get bounced in 2012. The American public doesn't want to hear how it's commander in chief is living so far in the past... like the rest of you sofa liberals....September 1, 2011 at 8:23 am | Log in to Reply	GregWhy end your smart comment about not pointing fingers with a finger pointing jab? It negated all your credibility.September 1, 2011 at 8:32 am |DaveilJoe, you exemplify the typical left wing liberal sipping the Obama koolaid. For you it's not a matter of what Obama has done for the economy (not much), but who you can blame for his failure to produce a recovery with the trillions of \"stimulus\" dollars he's invested in his automotive, construction, teacher, and government employee union supporters.September 1, 2011 at 8:35 am | Log in to Reply	neo-facismTypical neo-facist diatribe......Here is a qoute for you:Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone.John Maynard KeynesSeptember 1, 2011 at 9:04 am |Chuck FinleyDaveil,You hit the nail on the head. The \"stimulus\" did little more than create useless government jobs, which are part of the reason we are in this mess. Too many useless government employees that can't be fired because they suck. For example, the \"Race to the Top\" Grant the Feds gave NC. The money that was awarded went to pay raises for the management teams and more management positions, while the people on the ground doing the good work that earned the grant got NOTHING! It's a complete joke.The fact is that the President, nor Congress can \"create\" jobs really. We don't have a Hoover Dam or Tennesse Valley Authority coming out of this. Just more government waste. They want to create jobs, stop scaring the heck out of companies that should be hiring people but are terrified about new regulations and the Health Care Plan costing them too much money. People can say that big companies are the devil, they they are also the employers.September 1, 2011 at 9:50 am |KamMiddle class Americans needs to wake up and face a few hard facts. Fact #1: The office of the President does not create jobs, and for those who like to quote the Constitution, please actually read the document. Fact #2: Congress has failed wilth partisan political games, as well as demonstrated an unwillingness to work for the greater good of the nation. Fact #3: No Republican Administration from Reagan to the present has balanced a budget after 4 years in office. Fact #4: Tax breaks for the richest 1% when military spending, fighting two wars for over a decade has depleted the Treasury, compounded with poor economic policy from Congress and the White House during that same period, leads to the financial collapse that we witnessed in 2008/2009. Fact #5: Eight years of financial, political, military, domestic, and international policy mismanagement can not be repaired in three and a half years. Fact # 6: After 8 years of having a President in the White House who butchered the English language, implemented policies that benefitted the wealthiest 1%, and created the worst economic crisis of our generation, ruined US prestige throughout the international community, under funded public education, and frankly promoted arrogance, incompetence and elitism, why criticise a President born of the middle class, educated in both public and private institutions, and in 3 years, stablized a depressed economy, refocused the military, made health care for middle class Americans and the poor a legislative mandate, energized US Foreign Policy bringing our allies back to the table, saved the Auto industry, killed Bin Ladin, and is proficient in the use of the English language?George Bush is stronger than any candidate that makes up the current GOP field. What will it say about America if one of them is elected? What will it say about the American voter? This next election should not be difficult to recognize which candidate has the ability to lead. For those who can remember, we have already experimented with a President who had half a brain.September 1, 2011 at 11:15 am |Hockyen109Quit making excuses and quit comparing. President Obama needs to be judged on his own merits. Pure and simple.September 1, 2011 at 8:41 am | Log in to Reply	John Kaufman, Oceanside, CADudes, I'm no Tea Party person, Republican or Democrat, just a person who reads and studies American History, Economics and business. Here are the facts, jobs will never come back as they once were in USA. Reason, America outsources a lot of its consumable products, cheap labor, no unions abroad in 3rd world countires. America's debt will eventually do us in and this is directly ties to jobs. Both Bush Jr. and Obama have spent trillions, Clinton borrowed from Social Security to balance the budget meaning it was moving money from one area to another. Bush SR. and Regan both ran up the debt in borrowing. Congress is inept to come up with a realistic business plan to begin and continue cutting the out of control spending. Congress and the White House can't figure out a balance sheet for this country, most in politics have never run a business so the word profit does not even exist. Social Security and Medicare are both broke, being a Ponzi schemes to pay for what both pays out to what comes in (in the RED). The final straw will be when the rest of the world country's tell America we no longer want to use the dollar as the base to all other currencies. And with this Dr. Alexander Tyler's cycle of Western Governments will come again to a full circle. I could go on but what is the point, nothing is going to stop this tragic end, for most are to blind to see it coming!September 1, 2011 at 8:42 am | Log in to Reply	John Kaufman, Oceanside, CAThe TRUTH hurts most of the time becuase it is so harsh in its reality!September 1, 2011 at 8:45 am |TerryReally! The Republican media. You are the posterboy for not seeing the forest for the trees. Republican controlled media? This may be the craziest thing I've heard all year.September 1, 2011 at 8:48 am | Log in to Reply	StevenAll good points. However the \"right\" in our country, who are doing quiet well -financially, want nothing less then the President's head. At the expense of a few million without work or hope, so be it. The under employed, unfortunate. Health care \"we can afford to pay & if you can not – do without\". It's truly the white male republican who has no interest in compromise that holds up the likes of Eric Canter as a shining example of the way America should operate. The rest of us are nothing but surfs to pay for corporations mistakes, fight the wars, keep our noses to the grind stone, and our mouths shut. This from a guy who voted Republican for 30 years until \"W\" showed up & I saw the light.September 1, 2011 at 9:07 am | Log in to Reply	hongrnJoe, you're part of the 28% who still thinks Obama is doing a great job. The rest of the country is voting for a new president in 2012. So, wake up.September 1, 2011 at 9:35 am | Log in to Reply	rstlneWell said! However notice that the hard-line conservative response is the typical \"stop talking about the past\"; they will never accept the blame for the debacle that is our current economy.September 1, 2011 at 9:41 am | Log in to Reply	Clyde RicksJoe and the rest of you need to get off the couch and out of the house more often – you'll find that if you do, the world may open up a bit and truth may begin to pervade your otherwise enfeebled brains. So far, in almost 3 years of his \"great leadership\" our economy, our military engagements, and our society have all worsened from 4 years ago. How do you account for that? Bush set us on a course of failure and Obama has been greasing the tracks to speed us all into oblivion as fast as he possibly can. Put political rhetoric aside and learn FACTS...you will be doing yourselves and our country a world of good.September 1, 2011 at 9:52 am | Log in to Reply	seanster5977That whole Bush didn't win is such a crock. First in 2000 there were 4 states too close to call. Of them all but Florida looked to edge Democrat, so no media coverage and no recount. Secondly a recount was completed by an unbiased group of organizations and Bush actually gained votes. Thrid the veterans votes were ALL thrown out by the Democratic party trying to pick and choose which counties got a recount. Stop lying liberals.September 1, 2011 at 10:05 am | Log in to Reply	SekeDid you ever consider the fact that the president ideas are wrong. 75% of the people in this country think we are going in the wrong direction and you encourage the president to forge ahead? You are in the minority. Check your premises. You and the president are wrong , wrong, wrong.September 1, 2011 at 10:44 am | Log in to Reply	FocusMore OnThisSeke, what is wrong, Wrong, WRONG is for the Republicans to shamefully stand in the way as they are doing to obstruct the President's plan to create jobs and move this country forward! If the Republicans were not obstructionists the President would have already presented his plan for more jobs and Americans could be enjoying more in less time! But as long as Republicans are in office, that will never happen because they will simply not give the President credit for job creation and that is what good-thinking Americans should be focused on in order to see things clearly, for what is really happening here. Out with Boehner already! We need a *Democratic* House Speaker in order to really move things forward!September 3, 2011 at 12:20 pm |Joe WilliamsJoe, it has been 3 years and your boy has not been effective. Not only has he not improved the situation, he has made it worse by squandering the stimulus money, enacting an unaffordable health care policy, keeping us at war, and raising our debt to astronomical levels...but, you dear man, want to give him more time...more time for what...complete destruction of our capitalistic system which has served us so well for over 200 years. Remember, capitalism is a system for those who want to work hard, get ahead, not for the lazy bunch we seen hanging around Walmart, who are fat and have no education. So, NO MORE Obama!September 1, 2011 at 10:44 am | Log in to Reply	RachelJoe has had a break with reality! My G – O – D man, are you just so blind that you actually think Obama has had a successful presidency up to this point? Outlandish!September 1, 2011 at 11:01 am | Log in to Reply	DannyJoe, quit living in the past. Every news agency that researched the Florida count found that GWB won the election and not Gore. Even the NYT admitted Bush won. So your lack of acceptance of facts makes the rest of your argument suspect and down right wrong.September 1, 2011 at 11:04 am | Log in to Reply	GOP Hate AmericaNo worries the GOP will make sure Americans continue to suffer unemployment no matter what.September 1, 2011 at 7:42 am | Log in to Reply	PaulieToo bad its democrats not republicans that lead and still hold the majority of elected government.September 1, 2011 at 8:03 am | Log in to Reply	WilliamYou clearly don't know what you're talking about. Do a liitle homework before making a statement like that.September 1, 2011 at 8:32 am |Joe WilliamsPaulie, you are correct. Democrats still control and what a mess they have created...Spend, spend, spend. Lie, lie, lie. Democrat politicians prey on he uninformed and ignorant. That's why they get so many votes from the minorities.September 1, 2011 at 10:47 am |JimboInAtlantaObama and Harry Reid are the major roadblocks in moving this country forward. Obama will settle for nothing less than another big tax increase for yet more spending and a bill that gets him through the 2012 election. Remember, the dems controlled both houses from January 2007 through 2010. So they controlled spending the last 2 years of Bush's term. It wasn’t until the GOP took over the house this year and submitted and passed our 2010 and 2011 budgets.Obama speak:“We have to invest in the future” Spend, spend, spend.“We need a balanced approach” Raise taxes.“Put country before party\" Do it my way or I will berate you.Nothing new, same old tax and spend diatribe.September 1, 2011 at 11:11 am | Log in to Reply	You're RightGOP Hate America you are Exactly Right!! You've hit the nail right on the head! The Obstructionist Republicans will not allow the President to get economic recovery going again as well as job creation. It would create good political points for him that are rightfully due and the Republicans won't hear of it at the cost of American jobs held hostage by them and how it does affect virtually every American except the very rich who are in their coffers and who are the very ones Republicans cater to and refuse to tax equally!September 2, 2011 at 10:36 am | Log in to Reply	Dennis CookinhamWolf, it looks like CNN is going to have to work extra hard next year to get Obama re-elected. As far as this speech.. I'm certain that CNN will focus on the negative comments made by the Republicans rather than the content of the speech. Obama makes lots of speeches.. remember his speech about the budget .. you know the one he gave after he submitted a budget that ran deficits of more than $1T for the next 10 years? The speech wiped that out..my bad. One bit of advice, be sure to have Gloria Borger \"comment\" on it.. make certain that she has her \"talking points\" issued by the White House.... Good luck with the re-election campaign.September 1, 2011 at 7:33 am | Log in to Reply	John Kaufman, Oceanside, CAWolf is so one sided its not even funny any more. He should also write and comment for Pravda!September 1, 2011 at 9:00 am | Log in to Reply	hihWould be refreshing to not see and hear another campaign speech three years into the term. The fact that the date chosen for this campaign speech was planned to cause a political issue makes it even worse.September 1, 2011 at 7:30 am | Log in to Reply	XNotice we created over 250,000 jobs in the quarter before the teapublicans decided to be economic terrorists and hold the debt ceiling hostage and drag the nation through that fiasco. If you want jobs, dump the GOP. They are the only ones holding things up.September 1, 2011 at 7:26 am | Log in to Reply	PaulieReally? What jobs and why has unemployment not dropped below 9% in 2 years since Obama was elected if jobs were created? The democrats had 3/4 of the government cornered last year and their focus was not jobs but Obamacare and fleecing us for what little money we have left via insurance companies. Thats Obama's legacy.September 1, 2011 at 8:02 am | Log in to Reply	padshave you ever heard the word NO so many times and the statement we are going to make him a ONE TERM presidentSeptember 1, 2011 at 10:05 am |Lookat theOtherSideHey, maybe if the Republicans weren't standing in the way of jobs and unemployment by being obstructionists to the President's aim to create jobs, something would be a lot different! But under the circumstances, this country will not progress one iota if Republicans continue to be in power.The answer? Get Rid of *ALL* Republicans In Congress and allow good-thinking people like the President to proceed with his plan to create jobs for Americans. Republicans, where is YOUR plan for job creation? Ah, just as we thought. You Have None but just want to stand in the President's way! End of story.September 3, 2011 at 12:13 pm |SekeI pity your wife and family if you spend more than you take in, run up credit card debt, mortgage your house for big screen tvs and other junk from China. She should divorce you and we should divorce ourselves from this president and all politicians who act irresponsibly. The medicine to fix it is bitter but must be swallowed. Do you live at Disneyland?September 1, 2011 at 10:48 am | Log in to Reply	JimboInAtlantaYou are simply another hater from the left. Nothing significant to contribute, just the same of leftist diatribe.The point is that Obama has been in office for nearly 3 years and during that time has made our economy worse. At the same time he has blamed everyone under the sun for his mismanagement and lack of leadership.September 1, 2011 at 11:15 am | Log in to Reply	samObama's game plan: #1 Blame Bush. #2 Take credit for killing Bin Laden. #3 Blame Standard and Poor. #4 Tell Uncle Ben to print more money for 'massive infastructure job creating multi-tier quality of life economy saver\". #5 Blame Bush. #6 Call for a massive meeeting of all the Ivy League economists and see why their chalk board models haven't worked. #7 Call Goldman Sachs and do what they say...do what they say.September 1, 2011 at 7:25 am | Log in to Reply	libertarianTonhe'll probably somehow work in \"If republicans didnt stand in the way of job creating progress, by allowing my speech to occur on the seventh, I could have created 800 billion jobs by today instead of trying to get it done on the 8th which is a day to late, but now I will only be able to create 25 government green jobs at a cost of 32 million dollars annually to the taxpayers\"September 1, 2011 at 10:24 am | Log in to Reply	JakeCome on Wolf. You and the rest of the main street media will proclaim this the greatest speech ever. Licking this president's boots are what you do best. Your \"interview\" with the worst governor in America, Martin O'Malley, during Irene proved your bias as you threw him leading questions to praise this administration. What a joke.September 1, 2011 at 7:07 am | Log in to Reply	JPReagan and FDR both got re-elected with high unemployment. Their argument: it could only be worse with the other guySeptember 1, 2011 at 7:05 am | Log in to Reply	GlennWolf Blitzer is a putz. With the approval rating of Congress at an all-time low, and President Obama able to show that he has recently been able to deliver on his promise to get Osama bin Laden, then the President has shown how our Country has been able to engage in a conflict (Libya) at a fraction of the financial as well as political, cost of Iraq and Afghanistan, I'd say he he is WAY ahead of any Republican challenger, regardless of they may be.I would also suggest that the President was handcuffed with the economy when he took office, not the other way around, and if the voters took a good look at the past 12 years, they would see that when Bill Clinton left office, we had a budget surplus, but when George Bush, Jr., left office, we had a HUGE budget deficit and the massive housing and jobs crisis. I might add we were also engaged in TWO wars we weren't involved in while Bill Clinton was in office.President Obama is cleaning up eight years worth of President Bush and Vice President Cheney's mess. He said he would get Bin Laden and he did, even after all the Presidents from Reagan until him couldn't. The President is getting us out of Iraq and Afghanistan, intelligently, so we don't leave a void for extremists. He will help the economy turn around.Make or break speech? Please... What are you doing, Wolf, preparing your resume for Fox?September 1, 2011 at 7:03 am | Log in to Reply	nuwansamPresident has done a lot of good things regardless how much those hypocratic republican cry. There is a group of people who hate him for the color he is and for the ideas he carry and they take this opporunity to vent out that anger hidden within. What President has failed is to give strong and unyielding leadership with the very tough headwind coming from those hypocratic republicans who's agenda is nothing but to fail him to get back to power. This speech must be strong with clear details and must follow with strong action. He has to stop going defensive with Republicans as we have seen again and again that those Republicans are ready to take this whole country into hostage to achieve their political agenda. This country is in a very tough position. We need tough leadership to handle that. He has been too soft and he needs to get a grip and go head to head with those republicans who try to destroy this country.September 1, 2011 at 9:47 am | Log in to Reply	usmc1you and obama dating or something?September 1, 2011 at 9:49 am | Log in to Reply	SekeAny fool can spend other peoples money.September 1, 2011 at 10:49 am | Log in to Reply	BevansReally, so you don't blame the Democrats for any of the debt they help increase when they have been in control of the White House, Senate and House for over 3 years..How about the Stimulus package that Obama sent through..how about Obamacare...how about the new regulations..how about him increasing the size of government...but it is the GOP fault..Obama doesn't have a clue..he never puts anything in writing and blames everyone else but himself...then again, so do you, so prep yourself for another empty speech and continue to believe in his hope and change because that is all you will have left when he is done using you.September 1, 2011 at 7:02 am | Log in to Reply	E. WintersThis is about racist republicans attempting to insure that this President will fail. Their behavior is un-American.September 1, 2011 at 6:58 am | Log in to Reply	M.LongSo if you disagree with the president on any matter at all, you're automatically a racist? How about all of the democrats in the Senate who did not give his budget even one yes vote, are they racist as well?September 1, 2011 at 8:43 am | Log in to Reply	libertarianTonNo this is about democrats who fear employment figures rising because it will decrease the dependency of those who require government entitlement programs to live, whom also vote liberal officials to guarantee there unearned income. It's the sole purpose of being democrat official, not for the people's welfare but their own job security through a very evil reciprocating trend of creating more lower class citizens.Don't hate the rich. Show me someone who wants to work for a poor boss, and I'll show you a fool who will soon be unemployed. I like my bosses rich and successful, so that my place of employment will continue to succeed, creating job security, and I hope to one day be rich by my own efforts and decision making.September 1, 2011 at 10:14 am | Log in to Reply	shaunsmomoWell there it is, the race card. Anyone who disagrees with Obama's policies must be a racist huh? I can't stand Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid either but no one is calling me a racist for that. Obama has proven over and over that he is a terrible leader with a socialist bent and the only thing that matters to you is that he is half black.September 1, 2011 at 10:18 am | Log in to Reply	tedthats it, play the race card again............September 1, 2011 at 10:37 am | Log in to Reply	AlanLets face it, with a hostile congress, nothing will get done. They are hell bent on destroying this man and will sit on theirhands until next years election.September 1, 2011 at 6:43 am | Log in to Reply	TJeff1776We MUST NOT forget that the two major economic crashes(1929 & 2008) were BOTH under Republican administrations. The 1929 one required ten years AND WW2 to get out. Since(thamk God) here is no WW3on the horizon, its gonna take a lot longer than ten years to get out of this one no matter who tha Prez is. What worries me IS this- the very same conservatives in power in 2008 are still in power attempting(and thats all) lecturing us on howto solve fiscal problems and how to clean up THEIR MESS.September 1, 2011 at 6:37 am | Log in to Reply	libertarianTonPlease google what party the president is. and while your at it, what party has led the senate since 2006, and as well what party has had control of the house until two years ago. You're right I am deeply concerned about those in power i.e. democrats, and especially the ones that have had power since this mess started.September 1, 2011 at 10:17 am | Log in to Reply	coffeeaddictHe is better than any republican. Obama is too weak, he has no gut to tell the truth or to face the problem. What he did is to get some leftover from richer to give those inneed. Do not expect too much, this is what he will say again.September 1, 2011 at 6:18 am | Log in to Reply	coffeeaddictDo you think the country is run by Obama? No, this country is run by wall street, by banker and by bond holder. Mostly by the owner of Fed, the private bank who decide the Tax and employment.September 1, 2011 at 6:03 am | Log in to Reply	studdmuffinsNo speech ever created jobs.September 1, 2011 at 5:53 am | Log in to Reply	shermanIts not a make or break as I can not watch it. I will never watch another speech of his again since he allowed Al Queda to run rough shod over Libya. No vote from me this time.September 1, 2011 at 5:49 am | Log in to Reply	WilliamC'mon Sherman. What was he supposed to do about Libya? Send in ground troops? Haven't we already sacrificed enough lives and wasted enough money cleaning up messes? Let these other countries take care of their own problems for once!September 1, 2011 at 8:40 am | Log in to Reply	bogartThe liberal democrats will benifit too when a conservative republican gets in and improves the economy. So quit being so afraid. It's for your own good. Your guy had his chance and just made things much worse. Big surprise with absolutely nothing on his resume. What were you guys thinking who voted for him. As if...September 1, 2011 at 5:28 am | Log in to Reply	WilliamMaybe if it's Hunstman or Paul. Perry, Romney, and Bachman are frightening.September 1, 2011 at 8:42 am | Log in to Reply	Ripper In VANothing that man can say could sway me. In my opinion, and my opinion only, he is the lamest president since Carter. I don't think it needs bolding, underlining or italics. Simply the worst, ever.September 1, 2011 at 4:40 am | Log in to Reply	AnsieBIt will really be funny when this guy wins again. It's also funny to hear repubs talk about Obama because its all the same thing. You guys have your talking points down pact. I just can'rt wait for those debates because that is when he will eat whomever you have alive. That's when the truth will come out about what was actually done for this country. You wanna tag him as teh worst.......that was expected from day 1 because you hated the fact he was in there. What will be so funny is to see how much more hatred is spewed out of your mouths when he gets another term. Politics 101.........he is running against either Perry, Bachman, or Romney. I am sure he goes to bed at night saying \"Boy Michelle, i like my chances!!\" So you can hate all you want because the only way he is a one term President is if you guys get a better candidate. All of you on here state everything he is doing wrong but i guarantee if I ask you guys who is teh candidate that will take him out you'll get a variety of answers. So keep hoping, wishing, and praying that you can continue to portray him as teh worst ever.........I guess he will end up being the worst ever 2 term President, LMAO!September 1, 2011 at 10:23 am | Log in to Reply	The Selfish MemeMr. Blitzer, we Americans also want a focus on US, not illegal immigrants. Over the summer, he improved the lives of illegal immigrants OVER Americans. That was simply wrong.President Obama now really needs to get this jobs/economy thing straightened out. We the people, of the United States Of America COME FIRST.September 1, 2011 at 2:20 am | Log in to Reply	fnlThe mistaken impression of most is that government creates jobs. Sure, the government can confiscate jobs from people that earn a living and give it to others, but it's just a forced version of charity. There is no finite limit on jobs; all anyone has to do is go out and do something that another person finds valuable. Unfortunately, politicians have given the impression that they are responsible for jobs, and as is playing out now, it creates a feeling of disappointment when that turns out not to be true.September 1, 2011 at 1:45 am | Log in to Reply	James B.Government doesn't create jobs, you say? MORE GARBAGE RHETORIC!!!!Government can claim responsibility for creating millions of jobs. Consider dams, highways, infrastructure, communication, science, medicine, military....Government is not our enemy. Ignorance, bigotry, and fanaticism are the enemy, and their headquarters is in the Republican party.September 1, 2011 at 11:25 am | Log in to Reply	The Selfish MemeThis was the speech he SHOULD OF DONE AT THE BEGINNING of his administration NOT towards the end of his first term. Totally backwards. And I also didn't like that sneaky illegal immigration amnesty thing his admin and Democrats did over the summer.Although I think President Obama is brilliant, a smart man that for the most part has some great ideals, great speaker, fabulous convictions about moving the country forward and education, there are somethings he's faultered in.And it wasn't really the awful Tea Party bringing him down AND the country in terms of ratings but just that illegal thing... I mean, AMERICANS first, JOBS for AMERICANS.Very, very disappointed, I felt disillusioned with that one, big time as a voter. And Tea Party Republicans aren't any better. I'm totally at a loss on who to vote for in 2012.September 1, 2011 at 1:44 am | Log in to Reply	HawkEverything he has done has failed. Why? Because he frankly doesn't have a clue. If he did he wouldn't have waited almost three years to present an idea nor would he wait until 9/7. Americans made a huge mistake electing this slob in '08 and we're all paying the price. God help us!September 1, 2011 at 1:39 am | Log in to Reply	Andy1 trillion stimulus and 3 million jobs created. Do the math. I guess 3 million people got 333,000 each for those jobs. Doubt it. So ask yourselves what happened to the rest of the money. Thieves and scoundrels.September 1, 2011 at 1:17 am | Log in to Reply	descaradoA make or beak speech? Since when did a speech create millions of jobs? One might suggest that Barack Obama take one of his teleprompters and go on \"Dancing With the Stars.\" He might score some points with that boob tube audience and actually accomplish something at that level..September 1, 2011 at 1:16 am | Log in to Reply	bfotoHere are the facts. Read em and weap. Nearly 2-1/2 million fewer Americans have jobs than before the stimulus. And even though Bush was creating a deficit Obama has run up the deficit at more than twice the rate Bush did. How's that for transparency!? He's either clueless or a Socialist. In either event we're in it deep and all he knows how to do is more of the same. The net result is hugh economic uncertainty and that freezes individuals spending which in turn freezes businesses from hiring. NObama in 2012!September 1, 2011 at 12:53 am | Log in to Reply	LagosThis was a... well, actually pretty darn balanced opinion piece for CNN. Kudos, not exactly been a fan of Wolf all the time but he does seem to at least have a decent understanding of politics and economics which is more than I can say for a lot of the bozos writing for CNN.September 1, 2011 at 12:30 am | Log in to Reply	GeoObama should be an easy defeat in 2012. In so many ways his presidency has been a failure but many Americans are going to fear the triumph of the Republican party, a political organization dedicated to eliminating the middle class and social security/medicare. Voting Republican is like voting for your self extinction unless you are inordinately wealthy or a mega corporation. Fear with a natural survival instinct will ultimately shift most voters to cringe and choose Obama over the insanity of the Republicans and their Tea Party masters.September 1, 2011 at 12:25 am | Log in to Reply	SekeYou LieSeptember 1, 2011 at 10:51 am | Log in to Reply	MikeBellWhy another teleprompter speech?Why not present the budget and have the legislation posted for public review and vetting?We don't need another pass-the-buck speech or sunshine without substance.The only thing that has been shovel ready is the B.S. we've been dished.September 1, 2011 at 12:19 am | Log in to Reply	CCIt will make no difference, he has lied to the people from the moment he took office, has six wars going, an economy further in the tank than when he started and no light at the end of the tunnel until he is gone....nuf said.September 1, 2011 at 12:07 am | Log in to Reply	SlvrbulletLet me see if I have this correct. The republican party wants to protect the \"job creators\" and make the hiring of employees more financially comfortable for them to do so. Then they will start hiring people... Aren't the job creators the ones who did all the layoffs on the first place? Thanks to their bankers on wall street? Oh...I get it...let's see. Let's not hire anyone...period... so we can win the House,Senate and presidency. Once we put all our plans through congress...then maybe we will start hiring.August 31, 2011 at 11:52 pm | Log in to Reply	libertarianTonActually a lot of hiring freezes and layoffs occurred due to fear garnered in by unfriendly policies expressed by newly elected officials in 2008 in an already volatile economy, which by the way was produced under the watch of a democrat senate (you know part of the legislative branch of government, the one that makes laws and regulations).September 1, 2011 at 10:34 am | Log in to Reply	TomWe live in a world in which way too much emphasis is placed on a bunch of words being crowed from a platform, otherwise known as a speech.August 31, 2011 at 11:37 pm | Log in to Reply	PaulieI doubt anyone is going to take Obama's speeches seriously anymore Wolf considering the state of the union has declined since he was elected nearly 3 years ago.September 1, 2011 at 7:28 am | Log in to Reply	MikeLOL and Barack bowing down to GOP and rescheduling his speech.August 31, 2011 at 11:25 pm | Log in to Reply	HiCalit is called compromise and also good manners. The three branches of government are different but equal ... not one of them is supposed to be more powerful than the other two ... that is why we call it a system of \"checks and balances\" ... otherwise you have a dictatorship, a junta, or .....September 1, 2011 at 2:02 am | Log in to Reply	Brian\"If most Americans believe the country is moving on the wrong track, the incumbents usually get pushed out of the way. \"Yes, and then we often get someone even worse. Is there something wrong with the voters in this country? Our worst presidents, Harding, LBJ and Tricky Dick Nixon were elected by landslides.August 31, 2011 at 11:24 pm | Log in to Reply	chatmandu002I think you forgot to mention the other bad presidents like Jimmy Carter and Obama.September 1, 2011 at 1:21 am | Log in to Reply	GuestNixon was a crook. but that does not mean he wasn't a good president when he was in. The scandal is what made him an infamous president. I know it looks bad to defend a crook, but it is the truth.September 1, 2011 at 1:29 am | Log in to Reply	BillLBJ and tricky Dick got things done.September 1, 2011 at 4:02 am | Log in to Reply	bogartDon't forget Obama, worst president ever elected by landslide of gullible voters.September 1, 2011 at 5:19 am | Log in to Reply	studdmuffinsOther than Nixon being a paranoid personality, he did a fair job as President. Had he not stolen an election that was most certainly his to win anyway – foolish on his part. Maybe you should read more.September 1, 2011 at 5:55 am | Log in to Reply	JebbbOur worst President was George W. Bush (bank collapse, phony securities, housing collapse, war, from US surplus to US deficit), and he wasn't elected, till his brother counted the votes, and Republicans on the Supreme Court said, well, stop counting now.September 1, 2011 at 6:50 am | Log in to Reply	Teabag supporterBrian, people like you tend to be what is wrong with the country . . .the misinformed. LBJ was an incumbent in 1964 . . .Tricky Dick is considered by many to have been a very good president both on foreign and domestic policy until Watergate brought him down. BTW, LBJ chose not to run for re-election in '68 (the incumbent pushed himself out) and Tricky Dick won again in '72 as an incumbent. Your argument doesn't hold water.September 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Log in to Reply	BenThe USA is headed for the graveyard of empires. The comments here just prove it. No question Obama has been a disappointment, but he's still far better than anything Republicans have to offer.August 31, 2011 at 11:20 pm | Log in to Reply	thinkingriddlesActually, no. You're just blinded by the \"they're all a bunch of religious right and racists\" mantra to see that all of them would offer a strong free market alternative to the job killing gov't \"scope creep\" we have now.August 31, 2011 at 11:46 pm | Log in to Reply	chatmandu002How could anybody be worse that Obama. Keep drinking your liberal/progressive/socialist koolaide.September 1, 2011 at 1:23 am | Log in to Reply	PaulieThis is simply speculation on your part. Perhaps if Republicans had been elected 3 years ago we would not be in the same mess we are now. Democrats have a record of epic failures that leads back to Jimmy Carter's administration.September 1, 2011 at 7:29 am | Log in to Reply	WilliamAre you saying that Clinton's presidency was a failure?September 1, 2011 at 8:45 am |Obamamnestyunion strong for 2012 defeat of BHOAugust 31, 2011 at 11:11 pm | Log in to Reply	stevebwl23The Republicans were responsible for 90% of the us dept and have not created 1 job in the last 3 years. They want us to stay in a depression/recession with a high unemployment so that they can claim they can save us – what a lie. Bush left us with the worst recession in our lifetime, unemployment of around 8%, more than doubled the debt, gave more than $3 billion tax refund to the billionaires/millionaires and it keeps on going. The republicans and yes the republican tea party do not really want to balance the budget or lower the dept. If they did they would not have passed on the $60 billion give away last year (eliminated the inheritance tax for one year), increased the debt by $1 billion by dragging out the bush tax refund for another 2 years and so on and so on.Please people do not be fooled again by the anti American republicans.August 31, 2011 at 11:11 pm | Log in to Reply	karlYou're right Steve – Republicans don't create jobs – but either do Democrates – the free market and businesses create jobs.What kills jobs is big Govt – on both sides of the isle.September 1, 2011 at 12:05 am | Log in to Reply	Teabag supporterAmen, brother. I wish everyone would realize this . . .September 1, 2011 at 8:38 am |MikeThere are 3 types of lies.....1.) Lies.....2.) Damn Lies......and 3.) Statistics.September 1, 2011 at 12:27 am | Log in to Reply	googlebushwfailedeconomyStevebwl23, they think Obama is bad...they have no idea what is coming if they elect a republican president and they will blame all of their woes on Obama.. Bait and switch..which is why they never admit bush is the true architect of failed policy in america...bush Cheney screwed the American people and they are to racist to care...shame on the real american..September 1, 2011 at 12:28 am | Log in to Reply	bogartYou are so off base and just flat out wrong.September 1, 2011 at 5:22 am | Log in to Reply	KevinThat may be the most outrageous, unsubstantiated thing I've read in a year. Yet, it is typical of so many who hate Republicans, conservatives and those who genuinely want to get this country on track. When statements like this are made (90% of the debt...) made, we need to call out these people as liars and farces.September 1, 2011 at 8:01 am | Log in to Reply	BenSpeeches don't make or break Presidents. Economies do.August 31, 2011 at 10:59 pm | Log in to Reply	Rabeenhood88Wolf, hey Wolf! It ain't the President that's holding down the nation. It's that rotten 112th Congress that wants the White House to be White again. That is their objective, it is their motive, they will take this nation down just to get the White back in the House. It is not about party division, it's about race – period.(I'll await moderation now.) Oh, and the 112th Congress is at 12% popularity – they must be doing a great job! Whada ya say?August 31, 2011 at 10:55 pm | Log in to Reply	bill davisHey the new Congress just got there what have they been doing the last 2 years....August 31, 2011 at 11:32 pm | Log in to Reply	ctu know he's only half right?September 1, 2011 at 12:18 am | Log in to Reply	KevinOf course it's about race (sic). Whenever the left can't make a logical case based on truth and facts, it pulls the race card. This is all about competence. Even the president's approval ratings among African Americans has dropped from 92% (and that's not about race either?) to 83%. Give us a break...we're just not as stupid as you think to swallow that race card garbage again.September 1, 2011 at 8:07 am | Log in to Reply	Dennismake or break? Come on, stop the over the top drama.None of Obama's teleprompter speeches will ever amount to anything.I find it insulting that this had to wait after yet another vacation.But then again, perhaps his and Ms Obama's lavish and frequent vacations are supporting thousands of jobs.August 31, 2011 at 10:53 pm | Log in to Reply	buckfigbenWe have a President with a poor jobs rating, a poor economy, and a poor approval rating. But he'll get re elected. Why? Because Republicans can't find a candidate that will excite the general population. They throw people like Bachmann, Perry, and Romney...plenty of Red Meat at us, but no way any of them can beat Obama. They have spent years complaining and whining about this administration and their solution is cartoon candidates.August 31, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Log in to Reply	TomI think that you may be underestimating Rick Perry.September 1, 2011 at 6:51 am |KevinToo early to call that one, my friend. Obama has done such a poor job that he will finally (a) have a track record in his political career and (b) be held accountable. It may be too early to bury Obama but it's not to early to pick out his headstone.September 1, 2011 at 8:03 am |apdbrl1The number 1 goal of repubs: no jobs. The only way they can win in 2012 is based on the economy. They must keep the economy trashed. Why would they help Obama with job creation? It would ensure his re-election.August 31, 2011 at 10:43 pm | Log in to Reply	ObamamnestyRepubs are working as hard for Obama as you dems did for GWB. Obama does not need our help! He has the unions and illegals in his pocket. See ya in 2012!August 31, 2011 at 11:10 pm | Log in to Reply	FoobarJohnsonYes, Obama has all those illegal alien voters behind him. They are a powerful group, that's for sure. And there really is a boogieman hiding under your bed.September 1, 2011 at 6:41 am |SekeYour know this for a fact? Proof? Just another partisan opinion. Grow up become an American not a partisanSeptember 1, 2011 at 10:55 am | Log in to Reply	dinakHis time came and went after the huge 09 Stimulus package that Obama hailed as the mother of all recovery spending. It was and is an utter failure. Since then, he has had a \"laser-like\" focus on jobs, and still nothing. He puts in one academic after another into the economic advisor role instead of real-life businessmen. Obama had no experience going into the White House, which the people and media embraced as being fresh, but in reality, the job is too big for someone with no experience handling huge budgets and thousands of people world-wide.August 31, 2011 at 10:30 pm | Log in to Reply	Hellmut MeistersOUNDS LIKE THE CHIEF ECONOMIST OF THE us chamber of commerce does not know what he is talking about. He thinks the stimulus worked until it was discontinued. Repubst know better hows to restart the economy than the economists and business people. That's why their fron runner is a polictician with 27 years in \"public service\".August 31, 2011 at 11:15 pm | Log in to Reply	ObamamnestyHillary tried to warn you dems and independents! The job of the POTUS is not for \"on the job training\" Obama needed. But elections do have consequences don't they! This is our's to owe! Failure at every level of government and the only ones surviving are illegals and unions. The rest of America is in dire need of work!August 31, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Log in to Reply	KevinWell saidSeptember 1, 2011 at 8:04 am |millenIn 9 recent studies of the effect of the stimulus on the economy, 3 showed a slightly positive effect and 6 showed a very positive effect. We may have barely avoided the 25% unemployment of the Great Depression. And now Repubs are shouting deregulate so the Enrons and Bernie Madoffs can start cashing in again.September 1, 2011 at 2:36 am | Log in to Reply	BillInLAIt's not going t be \"make or break.\" The \"make or break\" is in the doing, not the talking about it.August 31, 2011 at 10:27 pm | Log in to Reply	egm11come on wolfie, who are you kidding? if presidencies were made on speeches, obama would be the best of all time right this minute. it isnt his talk it is his inaction, his inability to move away from progressivism and his inability to keep his ignorance from showing. he is so out of touch with the real american, as are you it seems, that there is no way to recover. his is one and done.August 31, 2011 at 10:36 pm | Log in to Reply	jmkpReal Americans? Republicans have absolutely no respect for anyone but the wealthy. The republicans' total disdain for blue collar workers and worker unions is incredible!September 1, 2011 at 4:34 am |JimboInAtlantaTo JMKP, thank you for your continued hate speach. Republicans respect all income levels but unlike you, we do not hate the rich. You feel free to attack the rich because you are jealous and you want to penalize them for be successful. Why don't you take on the task of improving yourself before denegrating others.September 1, 2011 at 11:19 am |ED FLI can not believe I ever thought that Obama could be not trusted. I am sorry i ever voted for him and will never again give him a vote. He is more of a GOP Flunky that Boehner or Cantor.What a disgrace to give in to the GOP.He should Hold a ONE hour speech to America at the same time the GOP is having a party and making fun of how the put it to Obama again.Obama has made Jimmy carter look like a GENIUS to him and replaced Carter as The DEMS worst President ever.August 31, 2011 at 10:26 pm | Log in to Reply	slongCome on Wolf put you tongue in his ear like to used to with Bill... he'll be ok as long as you're not in a purple dress...August 31, 2011 at 10:24 pm | Log in to Reply	realmikeYeah. Another speech. I'm so pumped......Actions are louder than words. The last 2.5 years have been on par with the previous 8. Next president please.August 31, 2011 at 10:23 pm | Log in to Reply	AntoinetteSo, Joe Walsh doesn;t want to show up at work, and he gets national attention? Could I have his job?September 2, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Log in to Reply	« Previous 1 2 3 4 5	Post a commentClick here to cancel reply.You must be logged in to post a comment.« Back to main« previous postnext post »About this ShowThe Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer is the command center for breaking news, politics and extraordinary reports from around the world. Tune in weeknights from 5-7pm ET on CNN.Subscribe | About Wolf BlitzerFollow us on:TwitterFacebook.On TwitterTrump will become the first President in 152 years to skip his successor's Inauguration. The 3 previous Presidents:�twitter.com/i/web/status/1…noWolfBlitzer4:39 pm ET January 18, 2021 RETWEETCheck out how the main streets heading into DC are pretty empty. Folks are clearly and understandably staying away. https://t.co/1K3EzIFR63WolfBlitzer4:01 pm ET January 18, 2021 RETWEETActing Defense Secretary Christopher Miller says the 25,000 National Guard troops deployed to Washington are being�twitter.com/i/web/status/1…VJWolfBlitzer2:47 pm ET January 18, 2021 RETWEETI tried to drive over to Capitol Hill just now. This is as close as I could get. There are several layers of securi�twitter.com/i/web/status/1…w6WolfBlitzer1:05 pm ET January 18, 2021 RETWEETRT @wolfblitzer: During our special @CNNSitRoom last night, I spoke with @CNN Sports Correspondent and former @BuffaloBills Safety @CoyWire…CNNSitroom10:36 am ET January 18, 2021 RETWEETArchivesAugust 2011MTWTFSS1 2 3 4 5 6 78 9 10 11 12 13 1415 16 17 18 19 20 2122 23 24 25 26 27 2829 30 31« Jul Sep »TranscriptsClick here to access transcripts from recent shows.ContributorsWolf BlitzerAnchorBrian ToddCorrespondentGloria BorgerChief Political AnalystComments »More sharingMore sharing"
