"Jobs in Colchester | Job Vacancies DirectHomeSearch JobsCompany SearchCV SearchADVERTISING PRICESPost a JobBlogSign inSign upHomeSearch JobsCompany SearchCV SearchADVERTISING PRICESPost a JobBlogModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs274 jobs found in colchesterRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisProperty Manager - EssexDeverell Smith Colchester, UKWe have an exciting opportunity for a Portfolio/Property Manager to join a team of 4 in Essex. Looking after a portfolio of Blocks across Essex. In addition, the role will offer progressive exposure to management oversight of our third party managing agents. This is a rare opportunity to take a challenging role on the client side of the block management sector...... click apply for full job details18 Jan, 2021Full TimeWe have an exciting opportunity for a Portfolio/Property Manager to join a team of 4 in Essex. Looking after a portfolio of Blocks across Essex. In addition, the role will offer progressive exposure to management oversight of our third party managing agents. This is a rare opportunity to take a challenging role on the client side of the block management sector...... click apply for full job detailsCustomer Service - Dutch Speaking, Immediate StartConfidential Colchester, UKCustomer Service - Dutch Speaking, Immediate Start! My client is seeking a temporary Customer Service Advisor - Must be fluent in Dutch and English and available to begin work immediately. Duties will include: Assisting with order information, deliveries and updates - Checking and amending where required Respond to customer communications and queries via email, telephone and live chat Speaking with couriers via telephone and web regarding customer's deliveries Achieving team KPI targets for telephone calls and customer satisfaction Delivering a high-quality customer service experience Candidate Requirements: Native or business fluent Dutch and English - written and spoken Ability to communicate professionally via telephone and email Monday-Friday, however flexibility on working Saturdays would be advantageous £9.50-£10 per hour Office based Immediate start, temporary role into January and potentially February Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race,...18 Jan, 2021SeasonalCustomer Service - Dutch Speaking, Immediate Start! My client is seeking a temporary Customer Service Advisor - Must be fluent in Dutch and English and available to begin work immediately. Duties will include: Assisting with order information, deliveries and updates - Checking and amending where required Respond to customer communications and queries via email, telephone and live chat Speaking with couriers via telephone and web regarding customer's deliveries Achieving team KPI targets for telephone calls and customer satisfaction Delivering a high-quality customer service experience Candidate Requirements: Native or business fluent Dutch and English - written and spoken Ability to communicate professionally via telephone and email Monday-Friday, however flexibility on working Saturdays would be advantageous £9.50-£10 per hour Office based Immediate start, temporary role into January and potentially February Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race,...CNC Turner required ASAP ColchesterSkala Technical Recruitment Colchester, UKCNC Turner required ASAP - Colchester Skala have a position available for a CNC Turners detailed below: Job Title: CNC Turner Duration: Long term Location: Colchester Rates: Up to £16paye or £19ltd Experience we a... ..... click apply for full job details18 Jan, 2021Full TimeCNC Turner required ASAP - Colchester Skala have a position available for a CNC Turners detailed below: Job Title: CNC Turner Duration: Long term Location: Colchester Rates: Up to £16paye or £19ltd Experience we a... ..... click apply for full job detailsRefrigeration Design EngineerCalibre Search Colchester, UKRefrigeration Design Engineer / Project Engineer An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Refrigeration Design / Project Engineer to join one of the most successful, dynamic refrigeration, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning service providers in the UK. They are proud to offer innovative products and services, and market-leading refrigeration technology, for which we have received awards an...... click apply for full job details18 Jan, 2021Full TimeRefrigeration Design Engineer / Project Engineer An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Refrigeration Design / Project Engineer to join one of the most successful, dynamic refrigeration, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning service providers in the UK. They are proud to offer innovative products and services, and market-leading refrigeration technology, for which we have received awards an...... click apply for full job detailsCensus officer (Customer Service)Confidential Colchester, UKCensus officers Contract duration 1st intake; 1 March to 29 April 2021 2nd intake; 16 March to 29 April 2021 3rd intake; 23 March to 29 April 2021 Hours 1st intake; 37 hours per week 2nd intake; 15, 25 or 37 hours per week 3rd intake; 15 or 37 hours per week Salary dependent on location Band 1 - £14.61 Band 2 - £12.64 Band 3 - £11.22 Flexible working hours within these times: Monday to Saturday: 9am - 8pm Sundays and bank holidays: 10am - 4pm 60% of your hours must be between: Monday to Friday: 4pm - 8pm Saturday: 9am - 8 pm Sunday: 10am - 4pm Persuasive people make the census The census is a survey of the entire population of England and Wales that happens every 10 years. It's run by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and gives us a picture of all the people and households in England and Wales. The information we collect is used to make decisions that affect everyone - things like how many schools, surgeries and hospitals we need. To make the census a...18 Jan, 2021SeasonalCensus officers Contract duration 1st intake; 1 March to 29 April 2021 2nd intake; 16 March to 29 April 2021 3rd intake; 23 March to 29 April 2021 Hours 1st intake; 37 hours per week 2nd intake; 15, 25 or 37 hours per week 3rd intake; 15 or 37 hours per week Salary dependent on location Band 1 - £14.61 Band 2 - £12.64 Band 3 - £11.22 Flexible working hours within these times: Monday to Saturday: 9am - 8pm Sundays and bank holidays: 10am - 4pm 60% of your hours must be between: Monday to Friday: 4pm - 8pm Saturday: 9am - 8 pm Sunday: 10am - 4pm Persuasive people make the census The census is a survey of the entire population of England and Wales that happens every 10 years. It's run by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and gives us a picture of all the people and households in England and Wales. The information we collect is used to make decisions that affect everyone - things like how many schools, surgeries and hospitals we need. To make the census a...Wood MachinistConfidential Colchester, UKWood Machinist - Competitive Pay - ASAP start - Permanent, full time. We are looking for a skilled wood machinist to join our busy joinery firm in Colchester, Essex. This is a permanent position subject to a successful 3-month probation period. The successful wood machinist would need the following experience: Previous knowledge of operating machine within a joinery shop (ideally some CNC) Various T&G, V Groove, beading & boarding. Jig preparation Previous experience with furniture making. Knowledge of common workshop machinery such as spindle moulders, routers, saws, bandsaw, and drum sander Ideal candidate will also have CNC router experience. This role will be a multi-skilled role so only machinists who have worked on a variety of different tools and machines will be considered. Previous knowledge of some wood work machinery is essential. 40 hours a week, Monday - Friday work. Potentially turning into long-term work for the suitable applicants. If you think this...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeWood Machinist - Competitive Pay - ASAP start - Permanent, full time. We are looking for a skilled wood machinist to join our busy joinery firm in Colchester, Essex. This is a permanent position subject to a successful 3-month probation period. The successful wood machinist would need the following experience: Previous knowledge of operating machine within a joinery shop (ideally some CNC) Various T&G, V Groove, beading & boarding. Jig preparation Previous experience with furniture making. Knowledge of common workshop machinery such as spindle moulders, routers, saws, bandsaw, and drum sander Ideal candidate will also have CNC router experience. This role will be a multi-skilled role so only machinists who have worked on a variety of different tools and machines will be considered. Previous knowledge of some wood work machinery is essential. 40 hours a week, Monday - Friday work. Potentially turning into long-term work for the suitable applicants. If you think this...Chief Technology OfficerConfidential Colchester, UKThis is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced CTO or R&D Director level candidate to head up Innovation & R&D for a forward thinking and progressive Global Consumer Electronics company who have achieved double digit growth over the last two years. BASIC SALARY: Negotiable on experience BENEFITS: · Performance related bonus · Share Scheme · Group Pension · Mobile/Laptop · Company Car LOCATION: Cambridge Commutable from: Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire, Essex, Suffolk & Norfolk. JOB DESCRIPTION: Chief Technology Officer - Consumer Electronics Reporting directly to the CEO, this is a high-profile role based in the Cambridge area. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced and qualified Chief Technology Officer level candidate to join a world-renowned Consumer Electronics company in a high-profile role managing six head of departments and indirectly around 40 engineers and scientists. You will work closely with all departments across the business to...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeThis is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced CTO or R&D Director level candidate to head up Innovation & R&D for a forward thinking and progressive Global Consumer Electronics company who have achieved double digit growth over the last two years. BASIC SALARY: Negotiable on experience BENEFITS: · Performance related bonus · Share Scheme · Group Pension · Mobile/Laptop · Company Car LOCATION: Cambridge Commutable from: Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire, Essex, Suffolk & Norfolk. JOB DESCRIPTION: Chief Technology Officer - Consumer Electronics Reporting directly to the CEO, this is a high-profile role based in the Cambridge area. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced and qualified Chief Technology Officer level candidate to join a world-renowned Consumer Electronics company in a high-profile role managing six head of departments and indirectly around 40 engineers and scientists. You will work closely with all departments across the business to...Trainee Driving InstructorFour Wheels Colchester, UKMy Four Wheels are looking to expand our team and are recruiting both part time and full time Driving Instructors though out the UK. Next year there will be a record 700,000 learner drivers hitting our roads, there has never been a better time to become a Driving Instructor. Becoming a Driving Instructor has many benefits, these include - A car - Get your very own dual controlled car to teach in Be your own boss - work hours which suit you (Monday to Sunday - 7am to 7pm) Excellent Pay - £20,000 - £35,000 per year We are looking for candidates who meet the following criteria - Reliable Punctual Patient Possess excellent customer service skills Enjoy meeting new people Anyone can become a Driving Instructor, recently we have recruited candidates from driving roles such as HGV Drivers, Teachers, Delivery Drivers, Accountants and Estate Agents. We also have successfully recruited candidates who decided to completely change their career from sales right to...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeMy Four Wheels are looking to expand our team and are recruiting both part time and full time Driving Instructors though out the UK. Next year there will be a record 700,000 learner drivers hitting our roads, there has never been a better time to become a Driving Instructor. Becoming a Driving Instructor has many benefits, these include - A car - Get your very own dual controlled car to teach in Be your own boss - work hours which suit you (Monday to Sunday - 7am to 7pm) Excellent Pay - £20,000 - £35,000 per year We are looking for candidates who meet the following criteria - Reliable Punctual Patient Possess excellent customer service skills Enjoy meeting new people Anyone can become a Driving Instructor, recently we have recruited candidates from driving roles such as HGV Drivers, Teachers, Delivery Drivers, Accountants and Estate Agents. We also have successfully recruited candidates who decided to completely change their career from sales right to...Waiting StaffConfidential Colchester, UKBerry Recruitment are recruiting for experienced waiting staff for a position based in Colchester. This is a temporary position with the start date of 9th December 2020. Working hours vary from 12:00pm-15:00pm - 17:30pm-20:30pm If you have waiting experience and are looking for a part time temporary role, please apply with your CV and Rhiannon from our Brentwood branch will be on contact. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Every candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and ability to perform the duties of the job18 Jan, 2021SeasonalBerry Recruitment are recruiting for experienced waiting staff for a position based in Colchester. This is a temporary position with the start date of 9th December 2020. Working hours vary from 12:00pm-15:00pm - 17:30pm-20:30pm If you have waiting experience and are looking for a part time temporary role, please apply with your CV and Rhiannon from our Brentwood branch will be on contact. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Every candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and ability to perform the duties of the jobHygiene cleaners nightsConfidential Colchester, UKHygiene Cleaner Prime Appointments are currently looking for Hygiene Cleaners to work for a food production factory based on the outskirts of Colchester. Clean, light and modern working environment, working a shift pattern 4 on 4 off. Pay: £10.00ph (option to work additional night shifts at enhanced rate) Shift: Night shift 18.00pm - 03.00am shift pattern 4 on 4 off Your duties will include: - Three stage clean - Ensuring the highest standards of hygiene - Follow operational production processes - Working as part of a small team - Attention to detail To be considered for this exciting Production Operative role, you will need the following experience: - You need to be able to drive due to the location - Be able to concentrate for long periods of time - Follow procedures and work safely Our client is looking for a reliable Hygiene Cleaners to join and flourish within their company! Lots of promotion opportunities to become team leader and machine operators for the right...18 Jan, 2021SeasonalHygiene Cleaner Prime Appointments are currently looking for Hygiene Cleaners to work for a food production factory based on the outskirts of Colchester. Clean, light and modern working environment, working a shift pattern 4 on 4 off. Pay: £10.00ph (option to work additional night shifts at enhanced rate) Shift: Night shift 18.00pm - 03.00am shift pattern 4 on 4 off Your duties will include: - Three stage clean - Ensuring the highest standards of hygiene - Follow operational production processes - Working as part of a small team - Attention to detail To be considered for this exciting Production Operative role, you will need the following experience: - You need to be able to drive due to the location - Be able to concentrate for long periods of time - Follow procedures and work safely Our client is looking for a reliable Hygiene Cleaners to join and flourish within their company! Lots of promotion opportunities to become team leader and machine operators for the right...Lead PlannerConfidential Colchester, UKA busy multi-disciplined design agency based in the Colchester area specialising in interior design, space planning, building and land surveying, planning applications, building control, branding, concept, product design are looking to recruit a Lead Planner to join their team. Working from a client brief you will manage a small team to deliver planning activities. If you have planning design experience, then please call... Duties Manage and drive the overall client brief. Manage a small team on a day to day basis. Be accountable for the quality, accuracy and delivery of plans on time and for your team's overall output. Attend client meetings and lead site surveys where required. Understand and apply the client's standards and formats Contribute to the wider team and recommend how we can plan better and drive efficiencies going forward. Implement new processes that streamline workloads Support, coach and train colleagues in-line with the business progression plan. Complete team's...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeA busy multi-disciplined design agency based in the Colchester area specialising in interior design, space planning, building and land surveying, planning applications, building control, branding, concept, product design are looking to recruit a Lead Planner to join their team. Working from a client brief you will manage a small team to deliver planning activities. If you have planning design experience, then please call... Duties Manage and drive the overall client brief. Manage a small team on a day to day basis. Be accountable for the quality, accuracy and delivery of plans on time and for your team's overall output. Attend client meetings and lead site surveys where required. Understand and apply the client's standards and formats Contribute to the wider team and recommend how we can plan better and drive efficiencies going forward. Implement new processes that streamline workloads Support, coach and train colleagues in-line with the business progression plan. Complete team's...Security OfficerConfidential Colchester, UKWe are looking for an SIA licensed individual to join our Essex Operational Support Team (OST). The position will be a contracted 42 hours per week role, although more hours may be available if requested, working on manned guarding assignments across the county. We have manned guarding contracts based in Colchester, Braintree and Chelmsford - all of which the Area Security Officer will be expected to cover. This will include a combination of days, nights and weekends. Many of our roles of customer-facing so you will be confident and courteous in dealing with members of the public. You must also be able to conduct regular foot patrols as this a key requirement for most of our clients. All applicants must have a valid UK driving license, their own transport and a valid SIA license (door supervision or security guarding). Hours: 42 Per Week (Overtime May Be Available) Pay Rate: £9.40 per Hour We offer a wide range of staff benefits for our employees, including: * Company...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeWe are looking for an SIA licensed individual to join our Essex Operational Support Team (OST). The position will be a contracted 42 hours per week role, although more hours may be available if requested, working on manned guarding assignments across the county. We have manned guarding contracts based in Colchester, Braintree and Chelmsford - all of which the Area Security Officer will be expected to cover. This will include a combination of days, nights and weekends. Many of our roles of customer-facing so you will be confident and courteous in dealing with members of the public. You must also be able to conduct regular foot patrols as this a key requirement for most of our clients. All applicants must have a valid UK driving license, their own transport and a valid SIA license (door supervision or security guarding). Hours: 42 Per Week (Overtime May Be Available) Pay Rate: £9.40 per Hour We offer a wide range of staff benefits for our employees, including: * Company...People Development ExecutiveConfidential Colchester, UKCulture & People Development Executive- Dura Composites is a leading supplier of composite products for flooring, structures, and façades, ideal for industrial, rail, marine, landscaping, and architectural applications with over 24 years' experience. We are looking for a Culture & People Development Executive to join our team based in Clacton on Sea, Essex, on a full-time permanent basis. Are you someone who loves to smile, with a happy disposition, who can infect others with their positive energy and attitude towards life? This role is perfect for someone who loves going that extra mile to make someone else's day. Are you committed and wants to be part of a team that makes a difference? Can you be flexible and adapt to make things happen? If so, then this could be the role for you. As Culture & People Development Executive, you will be part of the team responsible for following and delivering tasks and activities using our department strategy: Recruit, Align, Learn,...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeCulture & People Development Executive- Dura Composites is a leading supplier of composite products for flooring, structures, and façades, ideal for industrial, rail, marine, landscaping, and architectural applications with over 24 years' experience. We are looking for a Culture & People Development Executive to join our team based in Clacton on Sea, Essex, on a full-time permanent basis. Are you someone who loves to smile, with a happy disposition, who can infect others with their positive energy and attitude towards life? This role is perfect for someone who loves going that extra mile to make someone else's day. Are you committed and wants to be part of a team that makes a difference? Can you be flexible and adapt to make things happen? If so, then this could be the role for you. As Culture & People Development Executive, you will be part of the team responsible for following and delivering tasks and activities using our department strategy: Recruit, Align, Learn,...Senior Financial AccountantConfidential Colchester, UKWe are recruiting for an exciting opportunity for a Senior Financial Accountant to join a growing and leading organisation based in Colchester. The role plays a key part in delivering high quality, timely and reliable financial and management reporting and accounting support to the internal and external stakeholders of the Group. The role offers fantastic exposure across the business to include liaising directly with the Group CFO and Finance Director. Key duties: - To deliver routine consolidated financial reporting to the board and external stakeholders to a tight reporting timetable - To be a key contact for external stakeholders for all reporting enquiries - To develop and further enhance management reporting, and ad hoc analysis - Preparation of Statutory financial statements for the group for review with internal stakeholders and external auditors - To be the key contact in the business for technical accounting support and advice - To play a key role in the preparation of...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeWe are recruiting for an exciting opportunity for a Senior Financial Accountant to join a growing and leading organisation based in Colchester. The role plays a key part in delivering high quality, timely and reliable financial and management reporting and accounting support to the internal and external stakeholders of the Group. The role offers fantastic exposure across the business to include liaising directly with the Group CFO and Finance Director. Key duties: - To deliver routine consolidated financial reporting to the board and external stakeholders to a tight reporting timetable - To be a key contact for external stakeholders for all reporting enquiries - To develop and further enhance management reporting, and ad hoc analysis - Preparation of Statutory financial statements for the group for review with internal stakeholders and external auditors - To be the key contact in the business for technical accounting support and advice - To play a key role in the preparation of...Senior Revit TechnicianConfidential Colchester, UKA busy multi-disciplined design agency specialising in interior design, space planning, surveying, branding, concept and product design are looking to recruit a Senior Revit Technician to join their team. Working from a client brief you will work on your own or within a small team on both large and small projects. If you have extensive Revit and BIM experience, then this would be the ideal fit. Due to the current situation the role will be a combination of office and home based. Duties Working as the sole Senior or within a team of Revit Technicians on Large and Small projects Utilise Revit BIM software to produce and update existing drawings to a high standard within tight deadlines. Sending and receiving data electronically Supporting the rest of the architectural and design teams Solve technical problems and advise the team on technical issues Skills & Experience Extensive experience in job running, technical detailing, construction detailing in Revit & AutoCAD are...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeA busy multi-disciplined design agency specialising in interior design, space planning, surveying, branding, concept and product design are looking to recruit a Senior Revit Technician to join their team. Working from a client brief you will work on your own or within a small team on both large and small projects. If you have extensive Revit and BIM experience, then this would be the ideal fit. Due to the current situation the role will be a combination of office and home based. Duties Working as the sole Senior or within a team of Revit Technicians on Large and Small projects Utilise Revit BIM software to produce and update existing drawings to a high standard within tight deadlines. Sending and receiving data electronically Supporting the rest of the architectural and design teams Solve technical problems and advise the team on technical issues Skills & Experience Extensive experience in job running, technical detailing, construction detailing in Revit & AutoCAD are...Building SurveyorRise Technical Recruitment Limited Colchester, UKExcellent opportunity for Building Surveyors (MRICS, AssocRICS, FRICS) and Registered Valuers (VRS) to progress in your career, working for a rapidly expanding firm with a unique approach, cutting-edge technology, and huge growth plans to become number 1 in the market? On offer is the chance to become a highly-esteemed Chartered Building Surveyor with a company that will support you in achieving yo...... click apply for full job details18 Jan, 2021Full TimeExcellent opportunity for Building Surveyors (MRICS, AssocRICS, FRICS) and Registered Valuers (VRS) to progress in your career, working for a rapidly expanding firm with a unique approach, cutting-edge technology, and huge growth plans to become number 1 in the market? On offer is the chance to become a highly-esteemed Chartered Building Surveyor with a company that will support you in achieving yo...... click apply for full job detailsElectrical Installation Assessor (No Assessing Experience Required)Education StaffBank Colchester, UKAre you a qualified and time served Electrician that could be interested in a career change? Could moving into an Assessing position be of interest? I currently have a great opportunity with a client that is willing to take on an experienced candidate from industry and put them through the training and qualifications needed. My client is a large FE College in Essex boasting excellent facilities and is currently looking for an Electrical Installation Assessor to join the team. Package:- £30,000 - £32,000 Dependant on qualifications and experience Funded Assessing Qualification Excellent Holidays Mileage Allowance Job Description:- NVQ Assessing - Site visits and College visits 5 days a week (training and assessing electrical installation apprentices). Hours of Work - Full time Contract - Permanent Role Requirements:- For this position it is essential that you have an in depth industry experience and you have an NVQ level 3 qualification in Electrical Installation. You must...18 Jan, 2021Full TimeAre you a qualified and time served Electrician that could be interested in a career change? Could moving into an Assessing position be of interest? I currently have a great opportunity with a client that is willing to take on an experienced candidate from industry and put them through the training and qualifications needed. My client is a large FE College in Essex boasting excellent facilities and is currently looking for an Electrical Installation Assessor to join the team. Package:- £30,000 - £32,000 Dependant on qualifications and experience Funded Assessing Qualification Excellent Holidays Mileage Allowance Job Description:- NVQ Assessing - Site visits and College visits 5 days a week (training and assessing electrical installation apprentices). Hours of Work - Full time Contract - Permanent Role Requirements:- For this position it is essential that you have an in depth industry experience and you have an NVQ level 3 qualification in Electrical Installation. You must...Census officer - part timeConfidential Colchester, UKCensus officers Contract duration 1st intake; 1 March to 29 April 2021 2nd intake; 16 March to 29 April 2021 3rd intake; 23 March to 29 April 2021 Hours 1st intake; 37 hours per week 2nd intake; 15, 25 or 37 hours per week 3rd intake; 15 or 37 hours per week Salary dependent on location Band 1 - £14.61 Band 2 - £12.64 Band 3 - £11.22 Flexible working hours within these times: Monday to Saturday: 9am - 8pm Sundays and bank holidays: 10am - 4pm 60% of your hours must be between: Monday to Friday: 4pm - 8pm Saturday: 9am - 8 pm Sunday: 10am - 4pm Persuasive people make the census The census is a survey of the entire population of England and Wales that happens every 10 years. It's run by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and gives us a picture of all the people and households in England and Wales. The information we collect is used to make decisions that affect everyone - things like how many schools, surgeries and hospitals we need. To make the census a...18 Jan, 2021SeasonalCensus officers Contract duration 1st intake; 1 March to 29 April 2021 2nd intake; 16 March to 29 April 2021 3rd intake; 23 March to 29 April 2021 Hours 1st intake; 37 hours per week 2nd intake; 15, 25 or 37 hours per week 3rd intake; 15 or 37 hours per week Salary dependent on location Band 1 - £14.61 Band 2 - £12.64 Band 3 - £11.22 Flexible working hours within these times: Monday to Saturday: 9am - 8pm Sundays and bank holidays: 10am - 4pm 60% of your hours must be between: Monday to Friday: 4pm - 8pm Saturday: 9am - 8 pm Sunday: 10am - 4pm Persuasive people make the census The census is a survey of the entire population of England and Wales that happens every 10 years. It's run by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and gives us a picture of all the people and households in England and Wales. The information we collect is used to make decisions that affect everyone - things like how many schools, surgeries and hospitals we need. To make the census a...Mortgage & Protection Advisor - ColchesterGCB Agency Recruitment Colchester, UKWant to work for one of the busiest independent estate agents in Colchester? My clients are currently looking for an experienced Mortgage & protection broker to look after 2 of their leading branches. You will be providing an exceptional service to clients in across the East of England. They have had a number of record months in terms of sales and they need a Mortgage & Protection Adviser ...... click apply for full job details18 Jan, 2021Full TimeWant to work for one of the busiest independent estate agents in Colchester? My clients are currently looking for an experienced Mortgage & protection broker to look after 2 of their leading branches. You will be providing an exceptional service to clients in across the East of England. They have had a number of record months in terms of sales and they need a Mortgage & Protection Adviser ...... click apply for full job detailsMortgage & Protection Adviser - ColchesterGCB Agency Recruitment Colchester, UKOur Client is a growing impartial Mortgage & Insurance brokerage based in Suffolk and Essex, providing an exceptional service to clients in Suffolk, Essex and beyond. Due to their expanding business they require an additional Mortgage & protection broker to maintain their high levels of service to both clients and the professionals we work with...... click apply for full job details18 Jan, 2021Full TimeOur Client is a growing impartial Mortgage & Insurance brokerage based in Suffolk and Essex, providing an exceptional service to clients in Suffolk, Essex and beyond. Due to their expanding business they require an additional Mortgage & protection broker to maintain their high levels of service to both clients and the professionals we work with...... click apply for full job detailsLoad moreHomeContactPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch CV'sSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate CVSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Job Vacancies Direct Ltd"
