"Customer Success Manager | Singapore | MeeroYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.MeeroCustomer Success ManagerSingaporeMeeroCustomer Success ManagerSingaporeDate posted:May 25, 2020Meero’s core mission is to empower photographers to focus on what they love: photography! We take care of the rest by relying on tech and AI.Started in 2016, Meero is on a mission to make life easier for photographers and customers alike by bringing the top-name brands directly to image creators all the while expediting all of the tedious work. From its state-of-the-art image editing technology to our teams positioned around the world, Meero is helping creators do what they do best: create.Meero is always looking to add fresh new talents in an already amazing team. Have a look if you needed more reasons to become a Meeronaut: https://bit.ly/2UDSXiJCheck this new position:WHAT YOU'LL DO:- Develop and maintain a strategic trusted advisor relationship with your clients.- Advocate for your clients and be their internal voice by providing feedback on how Meero’s solution and processes can be improved.- Collaborate with operations and delivery team to ensure high quality and timely output.- Drive regular cadence (Call/Report/visit/QBR) with customers to report on KPIs, share results & actionable items with cross-functional stakeholders.- Proactively monitor and address customer / operational issue.- (Over)achieve your delivery targets.- Identify opportunities and collaborate with the sales teams to grow revenue.WHAT YOU'LL NEED- Complete fluency in English & Mandarin, the ability to speak other languages is highly advantageous.- Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.- Rigorous, dynamic and autonomous, you are also results-oriented and very comfortable on the phone.- Organized, detail-oriented and relationship focused.- Willingness to build relationships and network across a wide spectrum of clients.- Previous experience working in a sales/customer success environment needed (minimum 2-3 years).- Willing and able to travel about 5% of the time.- You are a problem solver, you are able to come up with financially and operationally sound solutions quickly.WORK @ MEERODream big and do bigger - Dreaming big is step one, but we don’t stop there. By realizing our ideas ata global scale, we can transform the industry with new tools, processes, and opportunities.Make work play - Work should never be boring. Bold ideas and big laughs make everyday exciting, so we never get complacent. We are a family that loves each other, pushes each other, and laughs with each other.Champion creators - Creatives are the architects of our visual world. We work tirelessly to support their skills and business, so they can feel inspired to create.Rise faster than you fail - We celebrate resilience in the face of failure. We truly support one other, so we’re free to fall, but quick to get up and try again.Give a shit - Success doesn’t happen by accident. We work with focus, determination, and pride towards our goals. We care deeply about each other, our clients, creatives, and our impact on the world.Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
