"Founder's Executive Assistant London 2160186 - Admin Jobs and CareersHOMESEARCH JOBSEMPLOYERSPARTNERSCONTACT USFounder's Executive Assistant London 2160186London, ONWe’re here today, looking for the very best Founder’s Executive Assistant we can find.This Opportunity:Cleanlist is beginning a scale-up journey with the objective of doubling in size (from a dozen people) over the next 18 months. As a company, we need to move fast and make a lot of changes. As the Founder’s Executive Assistant you’ll play a key role supporting the scale-up including developing plans, following through on various initiatives, communicating with internal and external team members, filling in various gaps in staff roles, and generally doing whatever is necessary to help the company reach our growth goals. You’ll be working side-by-side with Cleanlist’s founder and exposed to lots of variety, challenges, and learning experiences.A Day in the Life of Founder’s Executive Assistant:You’ll begin your day by finding focus in half-baked plans and ever-changing priorities. You’ll have been briefed as to the company’s top priorities and have a good sense of the company values and culture. You’ll have access to, and work directly with, the entire team. You’ll track and follow-up regularly on a host of cross-functional initiatives from product development, to marketing, sales, operations, finance, and HR. For some initiatives, you’ll troubleshoot and provide direction on your own. For others, you’ll consult with the founder and other company leaders and advisors and seek direction. You do a great job of keeping everyone in the loop, probably by using a new app or tool you’ve brought in. Often you’ll find there’s no one able to get something done so you’ll do it yourself, and do it pretty well; knowing that’s not scalable and that you’ll need to help the company find a more permanent solution when time and priorities permit. (After all, you’re a master generalist with no fear of jumping in!) You’re spread thin and feel overwhelmed at times, but maintain a positive attitude knowing you’re doing what you do best. Between moments of chaos, you take a breath and read articles and books on best practices from the gurus to get an outsider’s point-of-view so you can contribute even more the next day.What we’ll provide for you:We want to inspire you; and we want you to inspire us. It’s really that simple. Everything else inside the company and about this role will probably change as the company grows.To get us started, we’re prepared to offer you a good salary, a good benefit package, and a great working environment. We need good talent and we’re prepared to pay for it. But we know you can get that from a lot of companies.What we can offer you that’s rare is the chance to join a dynamic winning team, to work directly with the company founder and senior staff, to learn a ton of cool stuff, and to really make a difference for the company and your career. We spend too much time working to just earn a salary. As part of the Cleanlist team, we want this role to turn into an adventure that you’ll look back on as one of the most fulfilling experiences in your life!More details about the role:Here are some of the current objectives for the Founder’s Executive Assistant role:Figure out a how to obtain Cleanlist’s SOC2 certification without overburdening key technical staff.Keep our virtual marketing team of 8 people on track by helping them prepare for update reviews and development of key metrics.Fill in for the system administer role that we can’t justify hiring for.Screen new position applicants and do first level interviews to help decide which ones to invite for second interviews.Design and implement a company wide cloud-based file management system.To be successful, you’ll require these skills and experiences:Significant business administrative and management experience / education with exposure to many functional areas; preferably in a small technology firm that experienced a scale-up effort.A passion for progress, systems, and scalable processes.Excellent communication skills and an ability to quickly diagnose business problems and recommend solutions.Lots of experience with, and a high comfort level in adopting new technology, remote / specialized workers, and modern business processes,Advanced technology skills including sourcing, implementing, and overseeing new technology-based initiatives.To thrive in our company culture, here are some other attributes we value:You want to make a difference. You want to be challenged. You want to be free to innovate, exercise your talent, and learn.You like to work in a small but fast-growing environment, where your contribution matters and you can grow and be rewarded as the company succeeds.You love working with the latest software and technology, thrive on change, and are excited about the future.You love to learn (you read a lot), grow, solve difficult problems, and help customers and the company succeed.Next Steps:If Cleanlist and this role sounds like it’s your calling, we want to hear from you soon! Although resumes are great, we really like to hear from applicants willing to invest a little time and tell us in your cover letter why this role interests you and why you’re the best candidate to fill it. It’s also helpful to share your salary expectations and availability to start.Note: We appreciate all applicants’ interest but are only able to contact those candidates who will be invited to the interview process. All applications will be held in confidence. Cleanlist.ca is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We’re also committed to accommodating persons with disabilities.Make sure to follow our career page for future career opportunities!https://www.talentpoolbuilder.com/jobs/60908/CleanlistCleanlist’s Purpose is to be inspired and to inspire others. So far, we’re off to a good start!We’re Canada’s leading customer data company.Our solutions have been proven in the hands of leading brands like Loblaw, Government of Ontario, Proctor & Gamble, Canada Life, Sirius XM, and many others. They tell us we’re making a real contribution to their success and that we’re onto something big! We’ve also grown revenues, maintained profitability, and remained debt free; even during the Covid-19 pandemic. But our growth has only just begun.Our mission now is to scale the business and serve the thousands more organizations that need better customer data solutions. That’s why we’re here today, looking for the very best talent we can find. If you feel inspired to join an early stage growth company with lots of exciting challenges and opportunities ahead, please find a role that suits you and apply today!SOCIAL MEDIAStay updated. Follow us on:Be the first notified of new relevant jobsEmailFrequency Weekly Daily As soon as a job is postedJob titleLocation within 5 Km within 10 Km within 25 Km within 50 Km within 75 Km within 100 Km within 150 Km within 200 Km within 300 Km AnywhereClickHere CloseHomeSearch JobsEmployersContact UsTerms of UseMobile Website© Jobs and Careers ™ 2021 All Rights Reserved"
