"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs48 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchEnergy - Wind Remediation - Brownfields - CERCLA Sustainability Air Quality Environmental Planning - NEPA Hazardous Waste - RCRA -ToxicsRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (752) Environmental Science - Engineering (22) Waste Management - Recycling (20) Climate Change/ Resiliency (19) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (17) Management (16)Advocacy and Policy (16) Conservation/ Natural Resources (15) Biology - Ecology (13) Communication - Public Outreach (13) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Water Quality (11) Research (10) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (9) Energy Efficiency (7) Wildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity (6) Environmental Protection (6) Renewable Energy (5) Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains (5) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (5) Cultural Resources (4) Energy (4) Environmental & Energy Law (4) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (4) Administrator/Executive (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Business Development (2) Technology (2) Parks (2) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Faculty/Instructor (1) Law Enforcement (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (10) California (8) Maine (3) New York (3) Alabama (2) Colorado (2)District of Columbia (2) Ohio (2) Texas (2) Florida (1) Maryland (1) Michigan (1) New Hampshire (1) New Jersey (1) North Carolina (1) Oregon (1) South Carolina (1) Tennessee (1) Vermont (1) Wisconsin (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSenior Recreation PlannerSouth Florida Water Management West Palm Beach, FL, USASenior Recreation Planner South Florida Water Management District West Palm Beach, FL Job Description This experienced Senior Recreation Planning position participates in complex planning projects administered by the Land Stewardship Section and performs a variety of functions to ensure public use and nature-based recreation on District lands is properly planned and delivered. Conducts a wide range of planning and administrative activities requiring a comprehensive knowledge and expertise in developing and managing recreational use on public lands acquired through a combination of past work experience and formal educational training. Serves as the senior planner for developing and administering public use and recreation programs, developing inter-agency and non-governmental partnership agreements to enhance recreational opportunities on District managed lands, and coordinating public use activities with other governmental and non-governmental...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Recreation Planner South Florida Water Management District West Palm Beach, FL Job Description This experienced Senior Recreation Planning position participates in complex planning projects administered by the Land Stewardship Section and performs a variety of functions to ensure public use and nature-based recreation on District lands is properly planned and delivered. Conducts a wide range of planning and administrative activities requiring a comprehensive knowledge and expertise in developing and managing recreational use on public lands acquired through a combination of past work experience and formal educational training. Serves as the senior planner for developing and administering public use and recreation programs, developing inter-agency and non-governmental partnership agreements to enhance recreational opportunities on District managed lands, and coordinating public use activities with other governmental and non-governmental...Sustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Program Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Lab Pack Sales SpecialistTradebe Environmental Services Milwaukee, WI, USATradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for growing our Lab Pack and T & D business within an assigned territory by working in conjunction with the Regional Sales and Operations personnel to...Jan 26, 2021Full timeTradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for growing our Lab Pack and T & D business within an assigned territory by working in conjunction with the Regional Sales and Operations personnel to...Lab Pack Sales SpecialistTradebe Environmental Services Newington, NH, USATradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for growing our Lab Pack and T & D business within an assigned territory by working in conjunction with the Regional Sales and Operations personnel to...Jan 26, 2021Full timeTradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for growing our Lab Pack and T & D business within an assigned territory by working in conjunction with the Regional Sales and Operations personnel to...Experienced Lab Pack ChemistTradebe Environmental Services Durham, NC, USATradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: A Bachelor degree in Chemistry, Environmental Science, or other related science is preferred. Level II requires 1-2 years of related experience, and the level III...Jan 26, 2021Full timeTradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: A Bachelor degree in Chemistry, Environmental Science, or other related science is preferred. Level II requires 1-2 years of related experience, and the level III...Experienced Lab Pack ChemistTradebe Environmental Services Columbia, SC, USATradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: A Bachelor degree in Chemistry, Environmental Science, or other related science is preferred. Level II requires 1-2 years of related experience, and the level III...Jan 26, 2021Full timeTradebe is an international leader in waste reclamation and recycling solutions managing more than two million tons of waste annually, recycling 60% of that waste. Providing environmental services since 1984 through the treatment, recovery and recycling of waste, we also serve various markets including industrial, manufacturing, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, oil & gas and more. Tradebe is committed to the waste hierarchy with our efforts focusing on Reducing, Recycling & Recovering the waste we manage. We are the waste management leader in Europe, the United States; and one of the largest global companies in the environmental sector by managing 85 fixed plants in Europe, (Spain, UK and France), the United States and Oman; with over 2,100 employees worldwide. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: A Bachelor degree in Chemistry, Environmental Science, or other related science is preferred. Level II requires 1-2 years of related experience, and the level III...Junior Program Officer, Program TeamVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Methodologies ManagerVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Director, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USADirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Jan 25, 2021Full timeDirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Manager, Clean Energy and ClimateCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Manager, Electric PowerCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Manager, Policy, Communications and MarketingCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Manager, TransportationCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Senior Manager, Environmental Justice PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Senior Manager, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Jan 25, 2021Senior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Environmental Program ManagerTriumvirate Environmental Los Angeles, CA, USAEssential responsibilities and duties include: Leading all Environmental Specialist meetings and facilitating mentor discussions. Training staff on RCRA, DOT, OSHA, and State regulations as well as Disposal Facility standard operating procedures Assisting in the management of the Waste Technician team. Coordinating site specific team meetings to ensure we are delivering the services promised within each Master Services Agreement (i.e. contract) Developing work schedules for waste pickups and supply deliveries Creating paperwork and oversight of shipments Completing QA/QC of relevant paperwork to ensure compliance with all State and Federal regulations (shipping documents, LDRs, Profiles, Packing slips) When applicable, performing remote QA/QC for relevant field work performed by other staff members Scoping and assisting in the creation of proposals for onsite work (i.e. lab packs, misc. disposal) Assisting with invoice review to ensure...Jan 25, 2021Full timeEssential responsibilities and duties include: Leading all Environmental Specialist meetings and facilitating mentor discussions. Training staff on RCRA, DOT, OSHA, and State regulations as well as Disposal Facility standard operating procedures Assisting in the management of the Waste Technician team. Coordinating site specific team meetings to ensure we are delivering the services promised within each Master Services Agreement (i.e. contract) Developing work schedules for waste pickups and supply deliveries Creating paperwork and oversight of shipments Completing QA/QC of relevant paperwork to ensure compliance with all State and Federal regulations (shipping documents, LDRs, Profiles, Packing slips) When applicable, performing remote QA/QC for relevant field work performed by other staff members Scoping and assisting in the creation of proposals for onsite work (i.e. lab packs, misc. disposal) Assisting with invoice review to ensure...Environmental Health & Safety Manager -Haz WstWaste Management Emelle, Alabama, USAWaste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. I. Job Summary Supervises environmental, health and safety programs for Chemical Waste Management hazardous waste operation. Provides staff support and oversight to ensure the implementation of established environmental and safety policies, programs, and processes, so that operations are managed to keep people safe and protect the environment. This includes ensuring compliance/conformance with: environmental and safety legal requirements; Corporate Environmental...Jan 25, 2021Full timeWaste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. I. Job Summary Supervises environmental, health and safety programs for Chemical Waste Management hazardous waste operation. Provides staff support and oversight to ensure the implementation of established environmental and safety policies, programs, and processes, so that operations are managed to keep people safe and protect the environment. This includes ensuring compliance/conformance with: environmental and safety legal requirements; Corporate Environmental...Environmental Field Chemist - May 2021Clean Harbors Linden, NJ, USAJob Description Responsibilities The Opportunity Clean Harbors is looking for an Environmental Field Chemist , known internally as a CleanPack Chemist, to join their safety conscious team in May of 2021! Position may require travel away from home. Why work for Clean Harbors? Health and Safety is our #1 priority and we live it 3-6-5! Pay for you to obtain your CDL Competitive wages Comprehensive health benefits coverage after 30 days of full-time employment Group 401K with company matching component Opportunities for growth and development for all the stages of your career Generous paid time off, company paid training and tuition reimbursement Positive and safe work environments Key Responsibilities: Ensuring that Health and Safety is the number one priority by complying with all safe work practices, policies, and processes and acting in a safe manner at all times; Segregating, packaging and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Description Responsibilities The Opportunity Clean Harbors is looking for an Environmental Field Chemist , known internally as a CleanPack Chemist, to join their safety conscious team in May of 2021! Position may require travel away from home. Why work for Clean Harbors? Health and Safety is our #1 priority and we live it 3-6-5! Pay for you to obtain your CDL Competitive wages Comprehensive health benefits coverage after 30 days of full-time employment Group 401K with company matching component Opportunities for growth and development for all the stages of your career Generous paid time off, company paid training and tuition reimbursement Positive and safe work environments Key Responsibilities: Ensuring that Health and Safety is the number one priority by complying with all safe work practices, policies, and processes and acting in a safe manner at all times; Segregating, packaging and...CEQA/NEPA Practice LeadSWCA San Diego, CA, USAAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Southern California. This is a newly created position, and the successful candidate will possess: strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines (e.g., energy and utilities, land development, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies), a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, a history of successfully managing large-scale and complex projects, and a self-motivated, can-do attitude. The Lead will: develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, meet financial and strategic growth goals, and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the opportunity SWCA Environmental Consultants is seeking a highly experienced, self-motivated Environmental CEQA/NEPA Practice Lead to grow and expand our services within Southern California. This is a newly created position, and the successful candidate will possess: strong existing client contacts in multiple business lines (e.g., energy and utilities, land development, transportation, water resources, and federal, state and local agencies), a proven track record of creating and developing new business opportunities, a history of successfully managing large-scale and complex projects, and a self-motivated, can-do attitude. The Lead will: develop and mentor staff to meet both their career goals as well as SWCA’s goals, meet financial and strategic growth goals, and create a climate where people are motivated to bring their best work to help us to grow and prosper. This is a regular, full-time, salaried position that is a...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
