"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs27 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWildland and Forest Fire Control Sustainability Energy - SolarRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (752) Environmental Science - Engineering (22) Climate Change/ Resiliency (19) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (17) Management (16) Advocacy and Policy (16)Waste Management - Recycling (16) Conservation/ Natural Resources (15) Biology - Ecology (13) Communication - Public Outreach (13) Environmental Education - Interpretation (12) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (11) Water Quality (11) Research (10) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (9) Energy Efficiency (7) Environmental Planning - NEPA (6) Wildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity (6) Environmental Protection (6) Renewable Energy (5) Wetlands - Coastlines - Floodplains (5) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (5) Cultural Resources (4) Energy (4) Environmental & Energy Law (4) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (4) Administrator/Executive (3) Air Quality (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Business Development (2) Technology (2) Parks (2) Green Building - Sustainable Development (1) Faculty/Instructor (1) Law Enforcement (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (9) California (3) Maine (3) Colorado (2) District of Columbia (2) New York (2)Maryland (1) Ohio (1) Vermont (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable...Program Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Junior Program Officer, Program TeamVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Junior Program Officer, Program Team Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra manages a portfolio of...Methodologies ManagerVerra 1 Thomas Circle Northwest, Washington, DC, USAJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Jan 25, 2021Full timeJob Title: Methodologies Manager Location: Flexible: Washington, DC or remote (working with significant overlap with US business hours) Start Date: Immediately Reports to: Senior Program Manager Verra is a global leader helping to tackle the world’s most intractable environmental and social challenges. As a mission-driven non-profit organization, Verra is committed to helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve livelihoods and protect natural resources across the private and public sectors. We support climate action and sustainable development with standards, tools, and programs that credibly, transparently, and robustly assess environmental and social impacts and enable funding for sustaining and scaling up projects that verifiably deliver these benefits. We work in any arena where we see a need for clear standards, a role for market-based mechanisms, and an opportunity to generate significant environmental and social value. Verra...Director, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USADirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Jan 25, 2021Full timeDirector, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Director, Federal Policy is designed for a high energy person who enjoys advocating for strong federal policies related to climate, clean energy, water, and related policies with members of Capitol Hill. This full-time position may be based in Washington, D.C. or Boston, MA. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties...Manager, Clean Energy and ClimateCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including initiatives...Manager, Electric PowerCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Electric Power Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Electric Power, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging power companies to make ambitious climate commitments and advocate for climate and clean energy policies. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Electric Power will manage key projects and campaigns related to the electric power...Manager, Policy, Communications and MarketingCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Policy, Communications and Marketing Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description and Responsibilities The Manager, Policy, Communications and Marketing role will support the policy and communications teams at Ceres with writing, research, and message and content development to elevate the business voice in support of climate policy and environmental equity in key states and at the federal level. We seek a highly-motivated, skillful writer looking to join a fast-paced sustainability advocacy organization to carry out advocacy communications strategies....Manager, TransportationCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeManager, Transportation Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Transportation, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on promoting strong clean transportation policies and encouraging transportation companies and companies with a significant transportation footprint to make ambitious climate commitments and align lobbying with climate science. The Manager will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate climate commitments and...Senior Manager, Environmental Justice PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSenior Manager, Environmental Justice Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website (www.ceres.org). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager supports Ceres’ state and federal-level policy work. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience who is looking to be an advocate for strong and effective state and federal climate and environmental justice goals. The position will report to the Vice President, Government Relations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to the following: Lead Ceres’ environmental, equity and...Senior Manager, Federal PolicyCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Jan 25, 2021Senior Manager, Federal Policy Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Senior Manager, Federal Policy position focuses on federal-level climate, clean energy and clean transportation policy. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective federal climate, clean energy, and clean transportation policies. This is a full-time position and will report to the Director, Federal Policy. We are open to this person working in our Boston office or...Waste Zero Specialist 1Recology Inc. Santa Rosa, CA, USAGROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop camaraderie and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Waste Zero Specialist 1 Bi-Lingual (English / Spanish) THE ROLE...Jan 25, 2021Full timeGROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop camaraderie and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Waste Zero Specialist 1 Bi-Lingual (English / Spanish) THE ROLE...Waste Zero Specialist 1Recology Inc. San Carlos, CA, USAGROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop camaraderie and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Waste Zero Specialist 1 THE ROLE Under close supervision,...Jan 25, 2021Full timeGROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop camaraderie and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Waste Zero Specialist 1 THE ROLE Under close supervision,...Lead Analyst - SustainabilityNew York Power Authority White Plains, NY, USASummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Jan 25, 2021Full timeSummary The Sustainability department is responsible for developing the sustainability strategy and plans for NYPA and the Canal Corp., managing performance and preparing annual reports. The Sustainability program aligns with and supports the strategic vision and New York State’s ambitious climate and energy goals. The Lead Sustainability Analyst is responsible for managing the climate and energy program areas and works on a variety of projects and initiatives. These include: Developing a comprehensive greenhouse inventory that meets full reporting standards Analyzing energy use and greenhouse emissions across the value chain and identifying opportunities to reduce the organization’s carbon footprint Assessing climate change impacts and developing climate resilience and adaptation plans The Lead Sustainability Analyst is expected to serve as a strategic sustainability advisor to business units and departments across the organization, providing...Chief Executive Officer, VEICEos Transition Partners Winooski, VT, USAVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Jan 25, 2021Full timeVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Forestry Operations ManagerHudson Valley Native Landscaping Ulster County, NY, USAHudson Valley Native Landscaping is a family-owned business that has been serving residential property owners throughout New York’s Hudson Valley since 2009. In our forestry division, we restore woodlands, manually remove invasive plants, and incorporate permaculture philosophies. In our native landscaping division, we design and plant gardens. Demand is growing for this type of service and we are perfectly positioned to lead in the marketplace. The long-term opportunities for you in the residential field are enormous. As an Operations Manager, you will draw upon your knowledge of forest ecology, while supervising and working side by side with your team to directly improve the health and biology of our client’s yards & woodlands. We invite you to join our team in bringing this rapidly growing company to the next level. Job Description: Plan and supervise field work in the restoration of impaired edge habitat. Provide knowledgeable consultations for...Jan 25, 2021Full timeHudson Valley Native Landscaping is a family-owned business that has been serving residential property owners throughout New York’s Hudson Valley since 2009. In our forestry division, we restore woodlands, manually remove invasive plants, and incorporate permaculture philosophies. In our native landscaping division, we design and plant gardens. Demand is growing for this type of service and we are perfectly positioned to lead in the marketplace. The long-term opportunities for you in the residential field are enormous. As an Operations Manager, you will draw upon your knowledge of forest ecology, while supervising and working side by side with your team to directly improve the health and biology of our client’s yards & woodlands. We invite you to join our team in bringing this rapidly growing company to the next level. Job Description: Plan and supervise field work in the restoration of impaired edge habitat. Provide knowledgeable consultations for...900 HR Environmental StewardMaine Conservation Corps Augusta, ME, USAApplication Deadline: March 15, 2021 Service Term Dates: June 1 – November 12, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a general description of MCC ES positions but does not capture the objectives of each host site. Location: Individual sites will be posted on the MCC website as they are recruited. Applicants will be...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalApplication Deadline: March 15, 2021 Service Term Dates: June 1 – November 12, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a general description of MCC ES positions but does not capture the objectives of each host site. Location: Individual sites will be posted on the MCC website as they are recruited. Applicants will be...900 HR Environmental Steward/Dept of Environmental ProtectionMaine Conservation CorpsApplication Deadline: February 8, 2021 Service Term Dates: April 12 – September 21, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a specific position with Department of Environmental Protection - Maine Healthy Beaches. When you apply, you can specify you are only interested in this position or also the 900 hour Environmental Steward...Jan 25, 2021SeasonalApplication Deadline: February 8, 2021 Service Term Dates: April 12 – September 21, 2021 General Description: Live, learn and explore Maine’s conservation pockets with Maine Conservation Corps (MCC). As an individual placement member, you can make in impact within an organization and the community through achieving specific Host Site goals as unique as each placement. Environmental Stewards (ES) accomplish a wide variety of conservation projects ranging from water quality monitoring, habitat restoration, mobilizing volunteers to maintain hiking trails, banding and gathering data on songbirds, restoring eelgrass, teaching school kids about shellfisheries, mapping invasive species, and more. Gain experience and an adventure while making a difference. This is a specific position with Department of Environmental Protection - Maine Healthy Beaches. When you apply, you can specify you are only interested in this position or also the 900 hour Environmental Steward...Intern-Energy/Air Quality ProgramMid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission Columbus, OH, USAThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Jan 21, 2021Internship- PaidThe Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission (MORPC) is seeking an Intern for the Department of Planning & Sustainability to provide assistance to MORPC’s energy planning and air quality program work, as well as active transportation. The selected intern will develop a clear understanding of regional planning and more specifically, air quality and energy planning. Examples of Duties Assignments will include working with MORPC staff on a variety of planning projects with focus on both energy and air quality projects. Tasks include conducting research and developing documents. More specifically, some of the work will be related to emission analysis, updating MORPC’s solar toolkit, assisting with air quality messaging, education, and marketing. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting independent research, identifying marketing and outreach strategies, and preparing interpretive reports and presentations. The Intern works under the direct supervision of full-time...Chief Sustainability OfficerBaltimore County Towson, MD, USAThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Jan 21, 2021Full timeThe Sustainability Officer will lead Baltimore County’s effort to become a national leader in developing and implementing strategies to mitigate climate change and to create a more sustainable future for all of its residents. This includes leading County-wide work to reduce energy consumption, increase use of renewable energy, promote environmental protection and restoration, build green infrastructure, reduce waste, and promote sustainable growth policies. The Sustainability Officer will report to the County Executive through the Chief of Staff and will lead inter-departmental sustainability initiatives. The ideal candidate has knowledge of federal, state and local environmental protection, transportation, community development, energy and land use policies; familiarity with local government planning and development processes; and knowledge of federal, state and philanthropic funding to support sustainability initiatives. Examples of Duties Essential Job Functions...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
