"Study In RomaniaAcest site este cofinanţat din Fondul Social European prin Programul Operaţional Sectorial Dezvoltarea Resurselor Umane 2007-2013WHYROMANIAGood Reasons to study in RomaniaAbout RomaniaVisiting RomaniaWHAT TOSTUDYFind the right study programmeHow to applyScholarshipsHIGHER EDUCATIONWhere you can studyGeneral descriptionLearning RomanianStudy in Romania in numbersLIVING AND WORKINGLiving in RomaniaWorking in RomaniaHome > Why Romania? > Good Reasons to study in Romania >Good Reasons to study in RomaniaAbout RomaniaVisiting RomaniaGood Reasons to study in RomaniaWhile probably the most known thing about Romania is the legend of Dracula, Romania is much more than that. Think medieval towns, time-capsule villages, delicious cuisine, picturesque monasteries, virgin forests, majestic mountains, a blossoming art community and impressive landscape. ...And, of course, high quality education! Romania is a great place for you to study, diplomas are recognised all over Europe and beyond. In addition, the Diploma Supplement (DS) issued automatically with your graduation diploma is bilingual and thus ensures transparency of learning outcomes and improves employability.Here are some more...1. You have a solid university degree recognised all around Europe and beyond. Romanian Higher Education is known for its rich academic heritage - the first Romanian universities were established by Prince Alexandru Ioan Cuza - the University of Iasi (1860) and the University of Bucharest (1864). Offering state-of-the-art facilities, a thrilling student life and modern research opportunities, Romania gives you the possibility to also benefit from its renowned university tradition especially in the fields of engineering, medicine and science. Four of Romania’s universities are ranked in the QS Top Universities in the World.2. World's fastest Internet - Ranked 3rd place in the world, Romania has ultra fast internet connectivity that you can benefit for studying, staying in contact or simply enjoying music on Youtube.3. Study in English, French, German, Romanian or Hungarian. Romania has a wide choice of university programmes. With over 100 public and private accredited Higher Education Institutions, you can choose from different degree programmes at Bachelor, Master, PhD /Doctorate level, all leading to an EU recognised diploma.4. Low tuition fees and living expenses – While maintaining our academic standards, we have some of the lowest tuition and living costs in the European Union.5. Cultural life – Bucharest offers more than 40 museums and Romania has the second-largest outdoor museum in the world, Astra Museum in Sibiu. Cinemas, theatres, classical music, festivals, concerts…just choose your favourite.6. Work opportunities and quality of life - There are a number of possibilities to work as a student: you can apply directly to vacant positions published online, in Call Centres/outsourcing companies where you can work part time, or via personnel recruitment companies and students NGOs that can help you find a job, adequate for your student schedule. Students enjoy a number of discounts for attending cultural events, visiting museums or historical sights, public transport, dorm accommodation etc. The nightlife can also be quite exciting.In terms of life quality, Romania is ranked number 48 in the world in air quality by World Health Organization. You will also be living and studying in one of the safest countries in Europe, with the crime rates among the lowest in Europe. The 210 sunny days per year give us plenty of opportunities to enjoy the time outdoors!7. A great place to travel – The home of seven UNESCO world heritage sites, Romania is a country of many facets. Now you have the perfect opportunity to travel to Transylvania and visit the land where Dracula’s legend was born. Bran Castle is in the middle of the country waiting for you, as well the fortified city of Sighisoara. Or, you may choose the seaside, with its wide fine sand beaches and modern clubbing resorts, the Danube Delta, the Carpathian mountains with their very good hiking paths and skiing resorts or Moldova County with its Painted Monasteries of Bucovina. Also, Western Romania is characterized by multiculturalism and has numerous musical festivals (Garana Jazz Festival, Electric Castle, Summer Well, Untold, Plai, etc.)Choose your programme, plan your trip, Romania is ready for you!Read more:- Make sure you read these \"did you know\" interesting facts;- A complete guide to Discover Romania;- How much did you know about Romania – video.URL: https://studyinromania.gov.ro/good_reasons_to_study_in_romaniaabout usAbout usFAQFAQfollow uscontactContactglossaryGlossarydisclaimerDisclaimercan we help?Conținutul acestui material nu reprezintă în mod obligatoriu poziția oficială a Uniunii Europene sau a Guvernului României.Pentru informații detaliate despre celelalte programe cofinanțate de Uniunea Europeană, vă invităm sa vizitați www.fonduri-ue.ro[T: 0.5216, O: 229]"
