"Enterprise Account Executive | New York, NY | CompassYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.CompassEnterprise Account ExecutiveNew York, NYCompassEnterprise Account ExecutiveNew York, NYDate posted:Jun 10, 2020Company Overview:Compass is streamlining the home buying and selling experience by building the single software platform for all real estate activities. Founded in 2012, Compass combines the best technology and personalized service to power all real estate activities in 100+ U.S. cities, all in service of our mission to help everyone find their place in the world.At Compass, we have nearly 15,000 of the country’s top real estate agents who work with clients to help them buy, sell and rent homes. Compass is a Series G venture-backed company that raised over $1.5 billion in venture funds, and have grown to over 2,500 employees in the last 2 years.SUMMARYOur Strategic Growth team is the face of the company and the engine of our market expansion. As an Enterprise Account Executive you are directly responsible for driving net-new revenue.In its simplest form, the AE's role is to bring top producing agents to Compass by effectively selling the Compass value proposition (technology, marketing, culture and growth). Successful AE's influence top agents to leave their current brokerage and join Compass. Since every agent is an independent contractor they can take their business wherever they receive the best value and support.The role is similar to an Enterprise Sales role due to size of deal, complexity of sale, objection handling, negotiation and length of process. The refreshing part of this sale is that you are working directly with decision-makers, thus eliminating many of the hassles of selling to large corporations.METRICSThis is a quota carrying role. Your quota per quarter is metric’d by the amount of Gross Commision Income (GCI) you successfully bring to Compass. GCI is a way to quantify an agent and equates to the amount of commission an agent’s produced in the prior 12 month period. Our deal size is anywhere from $200k - $3M+, with an average time to close at about 30 days.You can meet quota each quarter by bringing on a number of individual agents or large agent teams. Your quota is based on the prior 12 months performance of that agent or team. It is not contingent upon their future production once at Compass.You are tasked with helping agents understand why their business, and their clients, will benefit by moving to Compass.NUANCESThis is a more humanized sale than your average Enterprise Sales deal as you are dealing directly with decision makers. You can think of every agent as the CEO of their own business - with that comes a heightened degree of empathy needed to be successful in the sale, but also the ability for quick decisions.Think about a top producing agent who’s been with a brokerage for 15+ years. Their personal and professional identity is often wrapped up in that brokerage’s brand. Successfully decoupling an agent from their prior brokerage takes outstanding patience, listening, agility and ultimate focus to get the deal done.The equally demanding need for high IQ and EQ in this role has resulted in an incredibly high performing and driven team of diverse backgrounds such as investment banking, management consulting, law and enterprise sales.By virtue of the space we are operating in, the talent on the team and the incredible momentum in our business, we are seeing our SGM’s conservatively generate 15x more revenue per head than the top tech firms in the world.QUALIFICATIONSB.A. or B.S. with 5+ years of relevant experienceStrong interpersonal skills, glass-half-full mentalitySelf-starter attitude and ability to exercise judgment and solve difficult problems without direct supervisionExcellent communication skills; ability to effectively lead client meetings and presentationsHighly organized; ability to multi-task and handle multiple deadlines simultaneouslyTrack record of excellence across strategic, operational, and detail-demanding functional responsibilitiesAt Compass, our mission is to help everyone find their place in the world. This means we continually celebrate the diverse community different individuals cultivate. As an equal opportunity employer, we stay true to our mission by ensuring that our place can be anyone’s place.Job ID:2044989Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
