"Bright-Future.com Landing Page - Bright-FutureAboutContactAboutContactYour DashboardIntroductionUsing TrelloUsing ExcelOtherJob SearchQuick Start1 Introduction2 Create a Winning CV3 Your LinkedIn Profile4 Job Search Methods5 Interviewing Tips6 Salary Negotiation7 Your way forwardJust Starting1 Introduction2 Create a Winning CV3 Your LinkedIn Profile4 Job Search Methods5 Interviewing Tips6 Salary Negotiation7 Your Way ForwardMid-Search1 Introduction2 Assess Progress3 Remove Obstacles4 Days 1 to 55 Days 6-106 Developing Cadence7 Your Way ForwardPassive Job Seekers1 Introduction2 Goals & Priorities3 Removing Obstacles4 Networking5 Direct Applications6 Interviewing Tips7 Your Way ForwardOptionsIntroductionJob Types & IndustriesBrainstormingFunctional CVYour way forwardCareer Starters1 Introduction2 Skills Profiling3 Career Pathways4 Create a Winning CV5 Job Search6 Interviewing7 Your Way ForwardIndexSearchUnder DevelopmentYour PlanIntroductionGoal SettingRealityObstaclesWay ForwardCareer Planning MBAIntroduction1 Goals2 Reality3 Obstacles4 Way forwardYour Development12 FactorsPlease ignore this pageGoal SettingYour RealityObstacles & OptionsYour Way ForwardVideoAccountRegistrationAccountLog InSelect PageLoginLoginLogin0%1 / 21Question 1Which best describes your choice of font type, styles and colour, A or B?A: Text boxes, and a creative approach to typography and font usage. You have used more than one colour in addition to default text colour (black). You have used more than one font style. You have used underline, bold and italics.B: Formal approach to typography, same font style throughout. You have applied a clear hierarchy your headlines are bigger than your sub-headlines and you have avoided using underline i.e. you have kept your styling neat and minimalist.ABYou answered A, the answer we wanted was B.Consider your use of text styles.Your response suggests you may have over complicated your use of text styles.Simple styles tend to be the best. The only exceptions… if you’re a professional designer.Use just one font style.Two or three text sizes.Standard/ black text colour, with just one additional colourAvoid underlining and italics.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have an ideal CV style.2 / 21Question 2Does your CV have any text in it which is below 10 point sizing?YesNoYou answered A, the answer we wanted was B.Your response suggests you may have used text sizes which are very small and therefore difficult to read. The reader may find browsing your CV a hard work, therefore may lose concentration and interest… unimpressed they may simply move on to their next task.Consider changing any text which is smaller than 10 point in size to above it.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have the ideal CV font size.3 / 21Question 3Have you chosen to include any of your employer’s logos in your CV in an attempt to make it stand out or style it up?YesNoYou answered YES, the answer we wanted was NO.Including your employer’s companies logos on your CV has the potential to make it look messy.The greater the number of variations of styling which you apply to your CV, the more likely it will result in the CV appearing cluttered and you should appreciate that what you may like others may not. Any CV which has a minimalist and neutral styling will look neat, and therefore is a safe choice.Consider deleting any logos from your CV.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have an uncluttered CV.4 / 21Question 4Have you placed your name and contact info at the top of your CV, together with details of your address or location (where you reside e.g. London, New York, Dubai).YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.The reader of your CV will expect to see your name and contact info at the top, for those who are aware that a small proportion of people put it at the back scrolling down to find it will be an irritation to them, they’ll probably think it’s not best practice and be unimpressed.Some people will not be familiar with the fact that a tiny percentage of people place contact info at the back of their CVs and will not know to look for it there.If someone wants to get in touch with you, using contact details from your CV – they want to be able to grab them from the front not have to page down to the bottom.Consider bringing your name, contact info and location details to the front and top of your CV.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have the ideal name and address placement.5 / 21Question 5Have you listed your employment history in chronological order or reverse chronological order?A: You’ve presented your career history in chronological order (the first job you ever assumed you’ve chosen to place at the front).B: Reverse chronological order… if you’ve stated your most recent employer first, and your oldest employer last.ABYou answered A, the answer we wanted was B.Reverse chronological order is what hiring managers expect to see… if you’ve stated your oldest employment details first, and your most recent last, they will find this off-putting.Consider bringing your most recent employment details to the front, and presenting your employment history in a reverse chronological order with your oldest employment details at the end (first job last).Well done. You have answered correctly. You have an ideal CV employment order.6 / 21Question 6Which best describes the way in which your CV is laid out?A: You’ve included gaps between different subject areas on your CV, spaced out paragraphs to display your information in clearly identifiable sections and used standard margins (you’ve not changed the default settings). You’ve used bullet points to highlight your responsibilities and achievements.B: You’ve used every inch of the paper and populated it heavily with text to ensure you’re able to say as much as possible about yourself. You’ve changed the margins on the pages so that they are wider and or longer enabling you to include more content on each page. Perhaps you’ve even chosen to make use of small font sizes such as 9 point or less so that you can cram as much information on your CV as possible.ABYou answered B, the answer we wanted was A.Please think about the layout of your CV.Consider if your CV is heavy on the eye, difficult for the reader to browse.Hiring managers scan CVs…The best CVs have plenty of white space, make use of line breaks and bullet points.A common error is people submitting CVs which are text-heavy on the eye (like a bible).If you’ve stretched the borderlines of your text, to cram as much on a page as possible this will exacerbate the problem.Too much information and if its cluttered means none of it gets read!Well done. You have answered correctly. You have an ideal CV layout.7 / 21Question 7Which of these two statements applies to your profile or personal statement?A: Five to seven lines, short and sharp! You’ve used it to say things about yourself which you can’t say elsewhere in your CV and/or taken the opportunity to show how an aspect/s of your background meets the particular needs of the employer to whom you’re applying i.e. you’ve tailored your profile with the needs of the job. You may even have included additional facts which substantiate your credentials.B: You’ve used colourful words to describe your skills and personality in general.ABYou answered B, the answer we wanted was A.Please re-think what you’ve written in your personal statement.Your response suggests your personal profile could be stronger.Employers are unimpressed with vague statements which anybody could say about themselves.A profile gives you an ideal starting point to show how well suited you are for the opportunity.Some hiring managers say it’s a great place for you to quickly and easily tailor your CV to the needs of a specific opportunity.Tips include… showcasing areas of relevant strength, skills, accomplishments or certifications.If you’re applying for a opening in a job type or industry area, in which you have little previous experience, it can work in your favour to state in your profile the kind of position you wish to take up… But only when you’re applying for jobs of that type.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have an ideal personal statement.8 / 21Question 8aWhich one of the following options best describes your educational qualifications and their location on your CV/resume?You are highly qualified for your age with good academic achievements i.e. you’re young and so have little work experience.A: You have placed these details at the FRONTB: You have placed these details at the BACKABYou answered B, the answer we wanted was A.Once you’re established into your career, employers would expect to see your educational details at the back of your CV.The exception would be if your academic achievements and qualifications are outstanding. For example, you have an MBA or Masters, or your degree is in an extremely relevant subject area to the position for which you are applying.If you are pursuing career change or career re-alignment and have qualifications which are relevant for your new target job/industry type then place them at the front.The older you are, the less there is a need for detailed information in contrast to younger people.Younger people may benefit from placing educational qualifications at the front of their CV.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have placed your education details correctly.9 / 21Question 8bWhich one of the following options best describes your educational qualifications and their location on your CV/resume?Your academic achievements and qualifications are average, but you have significant work/professional experience.A: If you have placed these details at the FRONTB: If you have placed these details at the BACKABYou answered B, the answer we wanted was A.Once you’re established into your career, employers would expect to see your educational details at the back of your CV.The exception would be if your academic achievements and qualifications are outstanding. For example, you have an MBA or Masters, or your degree is in an extremely relevant subject area to the position for which you are applying.If you are pursuing career change or career re-alignment and have qualifications which are relevant for your new target job/industry type then place them at the front.The older you are, the less there is a need for detailed information in contrast to younger people.Younger people may benefit from placing educational qualifications at the front of their CV.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have correctly placed your educational qualifications.10 / 21Question 8cWhich one of the following options best describes your educational qualifications and their location on your CV/resume?Your academic achievements and qualifications are outstanding. For example, you have an MBA or Masters, or your degree is in a relevant subject area to the position for which you are applying.A: If you have placed these details at the FRONTB: If you have placed these details at the BACKABYou answered B, the answer we wanted was A.Once you’re established into your career, employers would expect to see your educational details at the back of your CV.The exception would be if your academic achievements and qualifications are outstanding. For example, you have an MBA or Masters, or your degree is in an extremely relevant subject area to the position for which you are applying.If you are pursuing career change or career re-alignment and have qualifications which are relevant for your new target job/industry type then place them at the front.The older you are, the less there is a need for detailed information in contrast to younger people.Younger people may benefit from placing educational qualifications at the front of their CV.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have correctly placed your educational qualifications.11 / 21Question 8dWhich one of the following options best describes your educational qualifications and their location on your CV/resume?You are pursuing career change or career re-alignment and have qualifications which are relevant for your new target job/industry type.A: If you have placed these details at the FRONTB: If you have placed these details at the BACKABYou answered B, the answer we wanted was A.Once you’re established into your career, employers would expect to see your educational details at the back of your CV.The exception would be if your academic achievements and qualifications are outstanding. For example, you have an MBA or Masters, or your degree is in an extremely relevant subject area to the position for which you are applying.If you are pursuing career change or career re-alignment and have qualifications which are relevant for your new target job/industry type then place them at the front.The older you are, the less there is a need for detailed information in contrast to younger people.Younger people may benefit from placing educational qualifications at the front of their CV.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have correctly placed your educational qualifications.12 / 21Question 9Are you confident that anyone reading your CV/resume will understand the nature of your employers’ lines of businesses?Everyone has heard of Coca Cola, Microsoft and Google, and knows what they do but will it be clear from your CV which line of business your most recent and previous employers were in?YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.Will the person reading your CV be familiar with the nature of your current and former employers’ lines of business?Without which your profile may lack context or relevance?People will be familiar with high-profile brands like Amazon, Coca Cola, Google…But will they be familiar with your employers’ lines of business?Even if you’ve worked for big-name companies, consider nuances e.g. Amazon online, grocery and Web Services.Well done. You have answered correctly. You are confident that the information in your CV is clear and concise.13 / 21Question 10Are your job titles ones which will be universally understood? Some job titles are obscure, whilst they may be understood within your employer company may mean little or nothing to the outside world.YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.If the person/s reading your CV, is not familiar with the line of business your employer is in, then they will not understand the context of your experience. Consider including a one or two line description of your employers line of business – to be placed below Employer name, employment dates and job title but above your description of things like responsibililties, accomplishments and achievements i.e. how you contributed your employer.Well done. You have answered correctly. You have clearly stated your employment information.14 / 21Question 11Is your CV properly aligned with the needs of the types of employers and job types for which you’re applying?If you are applying for more than one type of job (perhaps you’re applying for 2 or 3 different types of jobs), have you developed two or three versions of your CV which better showcase your credentials for each target opportunity job type?Where appropriate do you appreciate the importance of the need to tailor your CV to align it with the needs/interests of the employer and job for which you are applying?YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.The question was… Is your CV properly aligned with the needs of the company and the demands of the role?The more relevant your CV is to the hiring requirement the more likely they’ll invite you for an interview.If you’re applying for two or three different job types, why not have two or three different CVs reflecting the different needs – i.e. if you’re making lots of applications of for different types of jobs, this may suit you well.In your profile, there may be an opportunity to quickly tailor your profile to better showcase your credentials for specific opportunities – i.e. you could tailor your or one of CVs when you wanted to.Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV is relevant to the role you are applying for.15 / 21Question 12Have you included in your CV/resume plenty of achievements and accomplishments which show your contribution with a positive balance, including facts and figures as well as responsibilities rather than purely responsibilities alone?YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.Then what they really want to know is what you did and importantly accomplished.The best CVs are those which include achievements with facts and figures.Your emphasis should be on the positive.Without facts and figures, your CV will be non-descript and more likely to get rejected.Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV contains plenty of your achievements.16 / 21Question 13Have you considered the scope, scale and relevance of your achievements?For example, sales volumes, order complexity, budgets, timescales, possibly number of reports and geographical coverage. Think about dynamics such as: too big, too small, too broad, too narrow, too dated. Think about how well your achievements align with the dynamics of the openings which you're applying for.YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.Where appropriate showing scope and scale of responsibilities commensurate with the job you’re applying for.For example, sales volumes, order complexity, budgets, timescales, possibly number of reports and geographical coverage.Consider any implications of your positioning being too big or too small, too broad or too narrow.Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV contains your appropriate achievements.17 / 21Question 14Does your CV include an excessive amount of technical jargon which might be difficult to understand for someone unfamiliar with the subject?YesNoYou answered YES, the answer we wanted was NO.There’s a balance to be achieved, you don’t want to say too much nor too little.To confuse matters, your CV needs to be one which will resonate both with a Robot (some jobs boards and online recruitment apps have them qualifying applicants in or out before a human has seen them) and perhaps a junior employee!A robot may be looking for technical or industry-specific jargon such as supply chain innovation, big data or KYC compliance.If you’re applying to an ad or can make reference to a job spec and identify their use of terminology, words, or phrases and include them in your CV.Back to that junior employee or first jobber who may have been tasked with picking out the best 5 of 100 CVs!Have you used much technical or specialist jargon in your CV/resume which might be difficult to understand for someone unfamiliar with the subject?Some job titles are obscure and whilst they may be understood within your employer may mean little or nothing to the outside world – if this applies to your job title consider changing it to one which will be more universally understood and accurately reflects what you do.Well done. You have answered correctly. The language in your CV is balanced and contains the appropriate amount of technical terms.18 / 21Question 15Have you included 'keywords' which prospective employers may choose to search on? What we mean here is keywords are ones which describe your credentials, specialist knowledge, industry know-how, qualifications and specialist skills?YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.The question was: Have you included 'keywords' which organisations/hiring managers may choose to search on?The extent to which keywords will be appropriate to you is likely to be dependent on your job type, industry area and level of seniority.Some jobs boards and online recruitment apps have Robots qualifying applicants in or out before a human has seen them…A robot maybe looking for technical or industry-specific jargon such as supply chain innovation, big data or KYC compliance.If you’re applying to an ad or can make reference to a job spec and identify their use of terminology, words, or phrases and include them in your CV.Have you included “keywords” in your CV/resume which describe your credentials, specialist knowledge, industry know-how, qualifications and specialist skills? Have you also done this with your LinkedIn profile?If you’re in a heavily technical role, you can always include some additional info at the end or in an addendum.Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV contains the right keywords.19 / 21Question 16How many pages are there in your CV/Resume?One pageTwo pagesThree pagesFour pagesFive or more pagesYou answered 1 OR 3+ and the answer we were looking for is 2.The current preference for the majority of readers of a CV is for two pages CVs.Single page. A single page CV can be fine for someone with limited work history.3 Pages… a CV which is 3 pages is unlikely to cause offence and it's better to have a 3 page CV which is easy on the eye, well laid out than to stretch borders, cram content and reduce text sizes to get your info onto 2 pages.4 or more pages… The general consensus regarding CV of 4 or more pages, tends to be negative – the interpretation by most people making decisions to hire tend to be that the person who has written the CV is long winded/verbose, old fashioned, out of touch and off the ball!Most long CVs are written by people who are older rather than younger.And for these people a long CV tends to emphasise your age.Too much information, too much trivia and the view is that your CV is out of date.Do you want to come across as being out of date in a world where employers are seeking people with an up to the minute perspective and attitude?A common error is when people simply add their most recent employment detail onto an old CV. Resulting sulting in a long CV (4 or more pages) with excessive detail of dated experience with little or no value.Employers are most interested in what you’ve done in the last 5 years. What you did 10+ years ago is likely to have little relevance to the present.Your early career experiences 15+ years ago may only merit 2-3 lines of content. Just employer name, job title, years of employment and one or two descriptive lines outlining.The quality of your content may also need refreshing, standards increase over time and as your level of seniority progresses.Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV is the appropriate length.20 / 21Question 17Have you used the spell and grammar checker available in your Word, Docs, Pages or app?Note: if you are dyslexic or if English isn’t your first language then you may wish to check out the Grammarly app.YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.If the reader of your CV notices one mistake, they’ll look for another! Depending on the role, they may forgive one or two errors but rarely more.Word, google docs and Pages all highlight errors… so if you've not taken advantage of their grammar and spelling tools, readers may perceive you as being complacent or prone to making errors.If you’re dyslexic or English is not your first language consider using Grammarly.Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV has been checked for spelling and grammar errors.21 / 21Question 18Have you had someone check over your CV / Resume? Have you sat down and discussed your CV/resume with a knowledgeable person who you are confident can give you meaningful feedback in respect of your content/messaging?YesNoYou answered NO, the answer we wanted was YES.It’s important for someone to check over your CV with respect to what you’ve said about yourself, and how you’ve said it i.e. your content/messaging.Any feedback from other people concerning what you have chosen to say about yourself in your is likely to be is likely to be dependent on your particular circumstances.If you're not sure whether it's good or bad feedback, sleep on it or get another opinion – you can also view our insights…Well done. You have answered correctly. Your CV has been reviewed by a trusted professional.Please provide us with your name and email address to proceed to your answers.This information will only be used by Bright-Future.comYour score is0%Restart quizHi, welcome to Bright-Future.com. Every day we help people like you apply their skills to new challenges. We’re not just a job search site and we are not a CV builder. Our proven 7-step plan has helped thousands of professional people realise their potential. Why not try it for yourself and see if your future can be brighter?Founder and coach at Bright-Future.comWhat you’ll learn.If you’re looking for a job you’re in the right place. Bright-Future.com is not a CV builder or a jobs board, it’s a job search roadmap and your guide to finding and securing your next job or career re-alignment. With our 7-step programme you’ll learn how to prepare a top class CV and build a professional LInkedIn profile that gets the attention of recruiters, you’ll master different search methods, interview techniques and finally how to optimise and progress your search until you find your perfect match.How it works.Concepts and methodology which you can access in Bright-Future.com have been evidenced to bring superior results for more than a quarter of a century in the “Outplacement” industry and repeatedly verified to accelerate job search success. The principles used in the “Outplacement” industry are applied commonly by all firms and coaches/consultants, in other words, they have similar approaches and methods, ones which are proven to bring a superior approach and results to job search, these are included in our 7 step job search roadmap.Who it’s for.Bright-Future.com is for you, if you’re a knowledge worker type, professional / semi-professional, senior manager or even a CXO. It’ll work well for you whether you are in sales, finance, marketing, customer services, legal, consulting, manufacturing, operations / logistics or IT and let’s not forget HR professionals who might be great at hiring people, but are not so adept at finding a job for themselves. It will help make your job search easier, more productive and more successful.bright-future.com is like a set of online booksWith insights, tips, self-help tools and templatesContents include:How to plan your job search.How to better identify new choices of job and employer typesStarting your career – how to identify career pathwaysDiscover new types of job options.CV tips and templates – what works and what doesn’tLinkedIn tips – be found and elevate your credentialsHow to access the hidden jobs market.Explore and leverage all 5 job search methods.Be chosen. How you can ace the interview and negotiate a salary package.Subscribe now and you’ll get access to workflows designed to meet your specific needs, for career starters, semi-professionals, professionals and senior execs.Read and follow step by step guides, apply tips, take advantage of insights as to what works and doesn’t.Use our templates to apply to your CV and LinkedIn profile, to showcase your credentials at 100%.Start your journey today.We like to keep our pricing simple. Try for 7 days for free and then get unlimited access to Bright-Future.com for just £24.99 / 6 months. Cancel anytime. T&C’s apply.Find a better job, faster.bright-future.com is like a set of online booksWith insights, tips, self-help tools and templatesContents include:How to plan your job search.How to better identify new choices of job and employer typesStarting your career – how to identify career pathwaysDiscover new types of job options.CV tips and templates – what works and what doesn’tLinkedIn tips – be found and elevate your credentialsHow to access the hidden jobs market.Explore and leverage all 5 job search methods.Be chosen. How you can ace the interview and negotiate a salary package.Subscribe now and you’ll get access to workflows designed to meet your specific needs, for career starters, semi-professionals, professionals and senior execs.Read and follow step by step guides, apply tips, take advantage of insights as to what works and doesn’t.Use our templates to apply to your CV and LinkedIn profile, to showcase your credentials at 100%.Start your journey today.We like to keep our pricing simple. Try for 7 days for free and then get unlimited access to Bright-Future.com for just £24.99 / 6 months. Cancel anytime. T&C’s apply.Find a better job, faster.CreditsWe acknowledge and credit the following: GROW Graham Alexander, Alan Fine, Sir John Whitmore. Strengths: Daniel Goleman, Marcus Buckingham & Donald Clifton, Tom Rath & Barry Conchie. Clifton Emotional Intelligence: Travis Bradberry and Jean Greaves, cofounders of TalentSmart, Peter Salovey and John Mayer. Social Intelligence: Edward Thorndike. Personality Profiling and Types: Myers-Briggs, Carl Jung. 16PF: Raymond Cattell. Human Needs: Abraham Maslow. Marginal Gains: Sir Dave Brailsford and Matt Parker. The Centre for Creative Leadership. Multiple sets of information sourced from Wikipedia. Some of the frameworks in bright-future are sequenced based on the GROW model, which is best put into practice along with SMART objectives. The GROW acronym stands for Goal, Reality, Obstacles or Options, and Way forward. Providing an invaluable tool to help keep your action plan well-structured and focused. GROW originated in the Inner Game theory developed by tennis coach Timothy Gallway. SMART is another acronym used in coaching and is often used in conjunction with GROW. It stands for: Specific | Measurable | Attainable | Relevant | Time-bound​… otherwise all content.Recommended Viewing'How much did they first pay you to give up on your dreams?'In the film “Up in the Air” with George Clooney'You’ve lost your job... It’s not personal.'In the film “Up in the Air” with George Clooney'Shocked. You’re not alone'In the film “Up in the Air” with George Clooney'Meet your new boss'In the film “The Intern” with Robert De Niro, Anne Hathaway'Over 50... there’s always a way through. Google!'In the film “The Internship” with Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson'How to best approach your first 100 days'In the film “The Internship” with Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson'Interviewing... we’re going to ask you a few questions'In the film “The Internship” with Vince Vaughn and Owen WilsonRecommended Reading'Emotional Intelligence'By Travis Bradberry & Jean Greaves.View on Amazon'Who Moved My Cheese'By Spencer Johnson. An Amazing Way to Deal with Change in Your Work and in Your Life. View on Amazon'Strong Woman: The Truth About Getting To The Top'By Karren Brady, who is an inspiration to women everywhere, juggling a career and family – an ideal read for men and women. View on Amazon'Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE'By Phil Knight. 'A refreshingly honest reminder of what the path to business success really looks like ... It's an amazing tale' - Bill Gates. View on Amazon'All You Need To Know About Commerical Awareness'By Christopher Stoakes. This is a great read for anyone entering the world of work in professional and semi-professional occupations particularly those who may not have studied a business degree at College.View on AmazonContact+ 44 1344 668 373robert.tearle@bright-future.comBright-future c/o Robert Tearle ConsultingVenture House, Arlington Square, Downshire Way, Bracknell, RG12 1WAUnited Kingdom	Built by Digital Technology Labs. © 2020 Bright-Future | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Intelligent Networker Terms of Use"
