"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs11 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchAdmin-Clerical Media-Journalism Health Care Hospitality Banking Human Resources Full timeRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Skilled Labor (8) Customer Service (7) Management (6) Sales (6) Nonprofit-Social Services (4)Other (4) Accounting (3) Business Development (3) Installation-Maint-Repair (3) Retail (3) Finance (2) General Labor (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Entry Level (1) Executive (1)MoreRefine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (1)Email me jobs like thisAccount ManagerProspect Studio Wilson, WY, USAAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Jan 22, 2021Full timeAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Office ManagerOutpost JHDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsJan 21, 2021Full timeDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsGuest RelationsOutpost JHDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Homeowner RelationsOutpost JHDescription Homeowner Relations is an integral part of Outpost, as members of this team are responsible for professional communication with homeowners on all aspects of their home. At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We offer personal assistance for the homeowners with regards to renovations, furnishings, dry cleanings, steam cleanings, maintenance items, to name a few. The Homeowner Relations team is responsible for owner arrival details (including any specific requests with linens or personal items) and detailed property walkthroughs for quality control purposes. We frequently visit properties to inspect any guest complaints or take inventory to be sure homes are properly equipped for our guests and owners. We take a lot of pride in our quick response time to homeowners and make ourselves available to communicate after business hours and on weekends, if need be. Qualifications Excellent...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription Homeowner Relations is an integral part of Outpost, as members of this team are responsible for professional communication with homeowners on all aspects of their home. At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We offer personal assistance for the homeowners with regards to renovations, furnishings, dry cleanings, steam cleanings, maintenance items, to name a few. The Homeowner Relations team is responsible for owner arrival details (including any specific requests with linens or personal items) and detailed property walkthroughs for quality control purposes. We frequently visit properties to inspect any guest complaints or take inventory to be sure homes are properly equipped for our guests and owners. We take a lot of pride in our quick response time to homeowners and make ourselves available to communicate after business hours and on weekends, if need be. Qualifications Excellent...Operation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Administrative AssistantCLB ArchitectsCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Jan 20, 2021Full timeCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Administrative AssistantWecker AssociatesOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...Jan 18, 2021Full timeOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...FRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST- SALES$18.00 - $20.00 hourlyRendezvous Mountain Rentals Jackson, WY, USAFRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES FRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES Rendezvous Mountain Rentals (RMR) is looking for an individual wanting to join our growing company. We are looking for the right individual to work in our fast-paced environment. This is a full-time position with great growth potential. Applicants must be willing to work one weekend day. RMR offers flexible schedules; with 10-hour work days. Pay DOE, starts at $18-20 per hour and increases after 90 days dependent on performance. Health/PTO/401K benefits available. Discounted Season Ski Passes available at JHMR, GTR and Snow King for full-time employees. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Work with guests and outside travel agents to confirm reservation calls and bookings for over 120 vacation rental properties managed by Rendezvous Mountain Rentals. Manage all guest arrival and departure procedures. Qualified applicants should be comfortable with technology and demonstrate proficient writing and speaking...Jan 18, 2021Full timeFRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES FRONT DESK RESERVATIONIST SALES Rendezvous Mountain Rentals (RMR) is looking for an individual wanting to join our growing company. We are looking for the right individual to work in our fast-paced environment. This is a full-time position with great growth potential. Applicants must be willing to work one weekend day. RMR offers flexible schedules; with 10-hour work days. Pay DOE, starts at $18-20 per hour and increases after 90 days dependent on performance. Health/PTO/401K benefits available. Discounted Season Ski Passes available at JHMR, GTR and Snow King for full-time employees. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Work with guests and outside travel agents to confirm reservation calls and bookings for over 120 vacation rental properties managed by Rendezvous Mountain Rentals. Manage all guest arrival and departure procedures. Qualified applicants should be comfortable with technology and demonstrate proficient writing and speaking...Caretaking InspectorThe Clear Creek Group Jackson, WY, USAProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Jan 13, 2021Full timeProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Culinary Opportunities at Four Seasons Jackson HoleFour Seasons Jackson Hole Teton Village, WY, USAFour Seasons Jackson Hole is looking to expand its culinary team by adding passionate culinary artists to their already outstanding crew. All culinary experience levels are encouraged to apply! Benefits include: Employee housing, complementary meals, discounted ski passes, ski storage, uniform dry cleaning, matching 401k and medical benefit options for full time year round staff. Our Resort could not be what it is today without our wonderful employees. Our team is made up of individuals who come from all walks of life, and truly believe great things happen when you treat others the way you want to be treated yourself. We are pleased to offer both seasonal and year round opportunities.Jan 11, 2021Full timeFour Seasons Jackson Hole is looking to expand its culinary team by adding passionate culinary artists to their already outstanding crew. All culinary experience levels are encouraged to apply! Benefits include: Employee housing, complementary meals, discounted ski passes, ski storage, uniform dry cleaning, matching 401k and medical benefit options for full time year round staff. Our Resort could not be what it is today without our wonderful employees. Our team is made up of individuals who come from all walks of life, and truly believe great things happen when you treat others the way you want to be treated yourself. We are pleased to offer both seasonal and year round opportunities.Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
