"Satisfaction in a Job Well Done is Success | A Doula is BornA Doula is BornJennifer Swiney Birth ServicesMenuSkip to contentMy StoryServicesKind WordsBirth ClassesFAQContact MeBlogSearch for:Satisfaction in a Job Well Done is SuccessOctober 11, 2018 Blog, childbirth, DFW, doula, musingsJSBBCD	The feeling of satisfaction that comes with a job well done is addictive. The realization that your work and commitment to a task has paid off with accomplishment can drive you onward and upward. The confidence boost is nothing to sniff at either! Sometimes confidence is all you have in this ever-changing world of uncertainty…What steps do you take in life to give yourself the best chance at success?How you approach the decisions (and unexpected complications) relating to your family, education, finances, business, or career will have an impact on the outcome – good or not so good – and every choice made thereafter. I’m not talking about guarantees, but doing all you can to make it a rewarding experience for all. I’d say it’s pretty dang important to have a proven game plan, don’t you?If you want to succeed in your relationships, you quickly learn how to communicate with care, how to read body language, how to listen well, what those around you need to feel loved and respected, etc. Sometimes you need professional guidance to navigate the tougher issues that come up. You care enough to learn what works (and what doesn’t) and apply it tomorrow and the next day, committing to a cycle of growth.Your career won’t grow itself either, right? Any person experiencing satisfaction in their chosen field can attest to the countless hours of hard work and dedication it takes to promote yourself, improve your product, or hone your specialty service. There is a behavioral pattern adopted here – one of continual self improvement, a team mindset, tenacity, and sacrifice.What if your goal is an amazing pregnancy and satisfying birth experience?How do you get there? What steps would you take to make the most of the experience you’re facing? I challenge you to find and listen to someone who has been there and done that. Since I’ve observed this type of satisfaction in birth (and am willing to share a bit of what I’ve learned through it with you now), let me tell you that it won’t come easily or without a commitment to sacrifice. I’m thinking it might include some (or all) of these components.The Perfect ProviderThey are out there, I promise. Please don’t settle for a provider you don’t like, don’t trust, can’t talk to, doesn’t listen, makes you uncomfortable, dismisses your concerns, demeans you, or disrespects you. No one is truly perfect, but there is a compassionate, knowledgeable provider out there ready to be a productive member of your birth team. Keep looking and don’t stop until you are satisfied you’ve found them! This is essential to your goal.A Safe Birth PlaceYou must feel safe wherever you give birth. Birth is a physiological experience. This means that what happens in your body systems is affected by your mind. In order to focus on the beautiful experience of birth, you need to be able to relax and do what’s needed. Where you choose to give birth is a really important decision and crucial in achieving your goal. Ultimately, the birthing person is the only one who can truly answer the question as to where they feel most safe giving birth. Your partner and chosen provider will also influence this decision – and you can always change your mind down the road – but you can’t turn back time once your baby is here. Choose wisely!Childbirth EducationYou will need to know all you can about what’s coming, what to expect, what to do, and how to do it. A birth class is a wonderful place to learn all you can about pregnancy, childbirth, and beyond. There are many benefits to committing to a live class, but online classes are an excellent substitute if your schedule can’t accommodate a local option. Birth Boot Camp offers live AND online classes for pregnancy nutrition and exercise, hospital and out of hospital birth, comfort measures for labor, breastfeeding, and newborn care.Labor SupportYou have a difficult (and rewarding) road ahead of you. Make it easier by choosing some quality people to help you along the way.Chiropractic care is invaluable to help ensure your body is in peak condition to give birth. Yes, it’s safe for you and baby! Find a chiropractor you love that loves pregnant people, and enjoy the benefits of an aligned pregnant body. You’ll be so glad you did.A doula is a knowledgeable, compassionate member of your birth community who will aid you in formulating a plan that aligns with your birth preferences, be there with you when it’s time to do the hard work of labor and birth, and walk with you through Plan B in case the unexpected happens. What if you need recommendations for specialized breastfeeding support, a natural-minded pediatrician referral, or additional postpartum care? Your doula will have the information readily available when you need it.These are just the essentials (in my humble opinion) for an amazing pregnancy and satisfying birth experience. Can you have an awesome birth without one (or all) of these? Yes…but you’d be one of the lucky ones. Don’t leave your success to chance! Invest in your birth!After all, this birth is once in a lifetime.The feeling of satisfaction in a job well done is worth the investment in getting there, I assure you. Just ask any person who’s succeeded…they’ll tell you the truth.Satisfaction in a job well done is success. Take charge today!Until next time,JenniferPost navigation← How to Be Amazing…even when it’s hard!	“We took the birth class…now what?” →Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.http://grandprairiedoula.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Comfort-Measures-Class-1280.mp4ServingGrand Prairie | Arlington | Duncanville | Mansfield | Kennedale | Cedar Hill | Dallas | Irving | Ft Worth | Grapevine | Flower Mound | Coppell | Colleyville | Lewisville | DFWFollow Me On PinterestJennifer Swiney Birth ServicesTheme: Cherry Blossom by Till Krüss |	Proudly powered by WordPress"
