"Jobs in Egremont | Clickajobs.co.ukJob Seeker?Free Job PostingPublishersUS JobsSign inSign upJob Seeker?Free Job PostingPublishersUS JobsModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs18 jobs found in EgremontRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEngineering Coordinator Lloyds BritishSpeedy Services 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UKEngineering Coordinator Lloyds British Location: Egremont , United Kingdom Region: Lloyds British Job Category: Engineering Business Unit: Engineering Services Job Type: Full Time (Permanent) Hours: 08:00-16:30 << Back to search results APPLY FOR THIS JOB Summary A leading provider of lifting and equipment inspection services in the UK, Lloyds British has been providing specialist testing, inspection, maintenance, certification and training services for the lifting services industry for over 200 years A fantastic opportunity has arisen to provide administrative support to our Lloyds British branch which will entail ensuring that all procedures are adhered to within the administrative remit. If you're looking for a hands on role with the day to day engineering duties within the workshops, then this will the right role for you. The right candidate must be computer literate, and be experienced in the use of a...26 Jan, 2021Engineering Coordinator Lloyds British Location: Egremont , United Kingdom Region: Lloyds British Job Category: Engineering Business Unit: Engineering Services Job Type: Full Time (Permanent) Hours: 08:00-16:30 << Back to search results APPLY FOR THIS JOB Summary A leading provider of lifting and equipment inspection services in the UK, Lloyds British has been providing specialist testing, inspection, maintenance, certification and training services for the lifting services industry for over 200 years A fantastic opportunity has arisen to provide administrative support to our Lloyds British branch which will entail ensuring that all procedures are adhered to within the administrative remit. If you're looking for a hands on role with the day to day engineering duties within the workshops, then this will the right role for you. The right candidate must be computer literate, and be experienced in the use of a...Care AssistantThe Human Support Group 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UKNot just a job – be the carer your community needs It takes a special person, with the right values and a passion for making a difference to become a carer in Whitehaven. How we look after you £9.30, 25p mileage Flexible working hours Induction training & ongoing development We fund your qualifications Wellbeing support programmes and recognition incentive Dedicated support during p... To view the full job details please click apply.26 Jan, 2021Not just a job – be the carer your community needs It takes a special person, with the right values and a passion for making a difference to become a carer in Whitehaven. How we look after you £9.30, 25p mileage Flexible working hours Induction training & ongoing development We fund your qualifications Wellbeing support programmes and recognition incentive Dedicated support during p... To view the full job details please click apply.Personal Trainer - The Gym - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UK- Guaranteed Interviews - No Experience Needed Take your love of fitness to the next level and become a Personal Trainer at The Gym? We can help you become the Personal Trainer you were born to be and then connect you with immediate opportunities and guaranteed interviews. The Training Room have partnered with The Gym to engage fitness focused individual who are looking to take their first steps in the world of personal training, helping them gain industry required qualifications before matching to available job opportunities. No experience? No problem! We will help you smash your potential by giving you the knowledge and practical training you need to become gym-floor ready, following which we’ll arrange for guaranteed interviews at The Gym and support you for the first 3 years of your new career. We know that the best candidate isn’t always qualified, and that’s why we're determined to help you unlock your talent and follow your dream into a career doing something...26 Jan, 2021- Guaranteed Interviews - No Experience Needed Take your love of fitness to the next level and become a Personal Trainer at The Gym? We can help you become the Personal Trainer you were born to be and then connect you with immediate opportunities and guaranteed interviews. The Training Room have partnered with The Gym to engage fitness focused individual who are looking to take their first steps in the world of personal training, helping them gain industry required qualifications before matching to available job opportunities. No experience? No problem! We will help you smash your potential by giving you the knowledge and practical training you need to become gym-floor ready, following which we’ll arrange for guaranteed interviews at The Gym and support you for the first 3 years of your new career. We know that the best candidate isn’t always qualified, and that’s why we're determined to help you unlock your talent and follow your dream into a career doing something...AVON Representatives wantedAvon 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UKWant to make a career with one of the best beauty brands around? World famous beauty and cosmetics brand Avon is looking for new full and part time representatives in the UK today. It is your chance to work with a premier brand backed up with 130 years of proven success. You can earn extra income and be your own boss. Work the hours that suit you and be the first to try Avons innovative and award-winning products before they hit the market. If you are aged 18 or over, man or woman, then working for Avon could open up a world of potential if you’re looking to further your career in the beauty business. Earn extra money working hours that suit you Work in your own area Full time support and advice No experience or qualifications necessary Avon offers two great ways to make an extra income: Become an Avon representative and earn up to 25% commission on all your sales. Work the hours that fit your current commitments and the more you sell, the more you earn. Become a Sales...22 Jan, 2021Want to make a career with one of the best beauty brands around? World famous beauty and cosmetics brand Avon is looking for new full and part time representatives in the UK today. It is your chance to work with a premier brand backed up with 130 years of proven success. You can earn extra income and be your own boss. Work the hours that suit you and be the first to try Avons innovative and award-winning products before they hit the market. If you are aged 18 or over, man or woman, then working for Avon could open up a world of potential if you’re looking to further your career in the beauty business. Earn extra money working hours that suit you Work in your own area Full time support and advice No experience or qualifications necessary Avon offers two great ways to make an extra income: Become an Avon representative and earn up to 25% commission on all your sales. Work the hours that fit your current commitments and the more you sell, the more you earn. Become a Sales...Trainee Personal Trainer - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk Cumbria, EgremontWould you like a career in fitness?Can you motivate, inspire, and achieve results?Do you have the ability to conduct fitness assessments, establish positive and professional relationships with all types of people? Could you identify goals by creating personal training plans that fit the individual’s lifestyle perfectly?Future Step Education provides fully certified training to become a Fitness Trainer, providing full and unrivalled support all the way into your new role as a qualified Personal Trainer.You will complete a structured development programme where you will complete the following study programmes: - Level 3 Diploma in Fitness Instructing and Personal Training,plus one of the following: - Level 2 Certificate in Understanding Nutrition and Health - Level 3 Certificate in Understanding Mental HealthFuture Step will give you dedicated personal support in obtaining employment.Your careers advisor will source and arrange interviews and explore general work opportunities for...21 Jan, 2021Would you like a career in fitness?Can you motivate, inspire, and achieve results?Do you have the ability to conduct fitness assessments, establish positive and professional relationships with all types of people? Could you identify goals by creating personal training plans that fit the individual’s lifestyle perfectly?Future Step Education provides fully certified training to become a Fitness Trainer, providing full and unrivalled support all the way into your new role as a qualified Personal Trainer.You will complete a structured development programme where you will complete the following study programmes: - Level 3 Diploma in Fitness Instructing and Personal Training,plus one of the following: - Level 2 Certificate in Understanding Nutrition and Health - Level 3 Certificate in Understanding Mental HealthFuture Step will give you dedicated personal support in obtaining employment.Your careers advisor will source and arrange interviews and explore general work opportunities for...Trainee Cyber Security - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk Cumbria, EgremontAre you looking for an industry recognised online IT training solution that can lead to a permanent IT contracted position earning from £18k per annumAre you technically minded? Do your family and friends call you to help them with their computers?Do you have a passion for technology?This is a course which on completion will lead to permanent employment.If so, are you ideally suited for a career in Cyber Security. With our IT Security training package, you will have the latest technology at your fingertips. IT has become an increasingly more difficult industry to enter without professional level certifications which are now expected from entry level candidates.Salary expectations have therefore also risen within the Cyber Security industry, typical earnings are therefore between £18k-25k rising to &poundl;35k+ with experience. If you are looking to start a career working in IT, this carefully tailored IT Security course bundle will teach you the skills and knowledge required to...21 Jan, 2021Are you looking for an industry recognised online IT training solution that can lead to a permanent IT contracted position earning from £18k per annumAre you technically minded? Do your family and friends call you to help them with their computers?Do you have a passion for technology?This is a course which on completion will lead to permanent employment.If so, are you ideally suited for a career in Cyber Security. With our IT Security training package, you will have the latest technology at your fingertips. IT has become an increasingly more difficult industry to enter without professional level certifications which are now expected from entry level candidates.Salary expectations have therefore also risen within the Cyber Security industry, typical earnings are therefore between £18k-25k rising to &poundl;35k+ with experience. If you are looking to start a career working in IT, this carefully tailored IT Security course bundle will teach you the skills and knowledge required to...Cleaners wanted – Egremont, Cumbria, England – Immediate startWhat Jobs? Cumbria, EgremontWe are recruiting for commercial and domestic cleaners nationwide, no experience needed just a willingness to learn.Full training will be given with fantastic promotional opportunities, working for some of the UK’s best companies.We are recruiting part time and full time opportunities available, with lots of flexibility. Cleaner Duties: Cleaning of floors and surfaces in canteens, communal areas, public areas, offices, houses.Operation of cleaning equipment - i.e. buffers etc.Occasional deep cleans where required Requirements: - Willingness to complete all aspects of cleaning tasks- Flexibility to complete various shift patterns- Good team and customer skills- Willingness to accept training- Good communication skills Working hours: Full time and party time available. Salary: £8.72 - £12 per hour depending on contract and experience. Benefits: - Pension Rewards program- Monthly Bonus. If you are interested then please click the APPLY button now20 Jan, 2021We are recruiting for commercial and domestic cleaners nationwide, no experience needed just a willingness to learn.Full training will be given with fantastic promotional opportunities, working for some of the UK’s best companies.We are recruiting part time and full time opportunities available, with lots of flexibility. Cleaner Duties: Cleaning of floors and surfaces in canteens, communal areas, public areas, offices, houses.Operation of cleaning equipment - i.e. buffers etc.Occasional deep cleans where required Requirements: - Willingness to complete all aspects of cleaning tasks- Flexibility to complete various shift patterns- Good team and customer skills- Willingness to accept training- Good communication skills Working hours: Full time and party time available. Salary: £8.72 - £12 per hour depending on contract and experience. Benefits: - Pension Rewards program- Monthly Bonus. If you are interested then please click the APPLY button nowBecome a Personal Trainer - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandThe Training Room Group Cumbria, Egremont- Qualify as a Personal Trainer from home - Study online and become a PT in 12 weeks - 3 Years Career Support - Guaranteed Interviews with industry leading gyms and health clubs Opportunity Description Are you a fitness fanatic passionate about keeping fit and promoting a healthy lifestyle? Would you like to build a career in fitness and help others achieve their own personal goals? Here at The Training Room we specialise in helping individuals become qualified in their dream career by aligning them with an industry recognised course which has been designed to provide the education and support needed to achieve an Active IQ Level 3 Diploma in Gym Instructing and Personal Training. The course includes the following components: Active IQ Level 2 Certificate in Gym Instructing - Covers health, safety and welfare within a fitness environment - Learn about the anatomy and physiology for exercise - Learn the principles of fitness, health and exercise - Learn how to plan...20 Jan, 2021- Qualify as a Personal Trainer from home - Study online and become a PT in 12 weeks - 3 Years Career Support - Guaranteed Interviews with industry leading gyms and health clubs Opportunity Description Are you a fitness fanatic passionate about keeping fit and promoting a healthy lifestyle? Would you like to build a career in fitness and help others achieve their own personal goals? Here at The Training Room we specialise in helping individuals become qualified in their dream career by aligning them with an industry recognised course which has been designed to provide the education and support needed to achieve an Active IQ Level 3 Diploma in Gym Instructing and Personal Training. The course includes the following components: Active IQ Level 2 Certificate in Gym Instructing - Covers health, safety and welfare within a fitness environment - Learn about the anatomy and physiology for exercise - Learn the principles of fitness, health and exercise - Learn how to plan...Personal Trainer - The Gym - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandThe Gym Cumbria, Egremont- Guaranteed Interviews - No Experience Needed Take your love of fitness to the next level and become a Personal Trainer at The Gym? We can help you become the Personal Trainer you were born to be and then connect you with immediate opportunities and guaranteed interviews. The Training Room have partnered with The Gym to engage fitness focused individual who are looking to take their first steps in the world of personal training, helping them gain industry required qualifications before matching to available job opportunities. No experience? No problem! We will help you smash your potential by giving you the knowledge and practical training you need to become gym-floor ready, following which we’ll arrange for guaranteed interviews at The Gym and support you for the first 3 years of your new career. We know that the best candidate isn’t always qualified, and that’s why we're determined to help you unlock your talent and follow your dream into a career doing something you love....20 Jan, 2021- Guaranteed Interviews - No Experience Needed Take your love of fitness to the next level and become a Personal Trainer at The Gym? We can help you become the Personal Trainer you were born to be and then connect you with immediate opportunities and guaranteed interviews. The Training Room have partnered with The Gym to engage fitness focused individual who are looking to take their first steps in the world of personal training, helping them gain industry required qualifications before matching to available job opportunities. No experience? No problem! We will help you smash your potential by giving you the knowledge and practical training you need to become gym-floor ready, following which we’ll arrange for guaranteed interviews at The Gym and support you for the first 3 years of your new career. We know that the best candidate isn’t always qualified, and that’s why we're determined to help you unlock your talent and follow your dream into a career doing something you love....Personal Trainer at PureGym - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandThe Training Room Group Cumbria, EgremontStart a new career in fitness and change the world one sit-up at a time! We can get you gym-floor ready in as little as 5 weeks, so what are you waiting for? The Training Room are specialists at helping motivated and passionate people with a love for health and fitness gain the qualifications they need to make their dream career a reality. Our course will not only ensure you are client ready in no time, but graduates of our training also receive ongoing support for 3 years. On successful completion you will be given the chance to impress with guaranteed 'Meet the Manager' sessions at PureGym. PureGym offers a state-of-the-art environment with access to thousands of members where your talent will be nurtured, your career supported and where you will be given the tools you need to be successful. There really is no better time to become a Personal Trainer. You'll gain the following industry desired qualifications: - Active IQ Level 2 Certificate in Gym Instructing - Active IQ...20 Jan, 2021Start a new career in fitness and change the world one sit-up at a time! We can get you gym-floor ready in as little as 5 weeks, so what are you waiting for? The Training Room are specialists at helping motivated and passionate people with a love for health and fitness gain the qualifications they need to make their dream career a reality. Our course will not only ensure you are client ready in no time, but graduates of our training also receive ongoing support for 3 years. On successful completion you will be given the chance to impress with guaranteed 'Meet the Manager' sessions at PureGym. PureGym offers a state-of-the-art environment with access to thousands of members where your talent will be nurtured, your career supported and where you will be given the tools you need to be successful. There really is no better time to become a Personal Trainer. You'll gain the following industry desired qualifications: - Active IQ Level 2 Certificate in Gym Instructing - Active IQ...20 Cogs - Earn Money Online, join now for a welcome bonus. - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk Cumbria, EgremontStart earning money today by completing Competitions, Offers, Gaming and Surveys.It is Free to join20 Jan, 2021Start earning money today by completing Competitions, Offers, Gaming and Surveys.It is Free to joinWork From Home in Egremont, Cumbria, England - £500 - £3000+ per month, Full time or Part time.Reps.co.uk Cumbria, EgremontWork on your own terms to achieve the work-life balance you need?Our Work from home jobs are perfect for anyone looking to work part time or full time. - Work in the mornings, afternoons, evenings or weekends. - Fits around children & family commitments. - Can be worked alongside your current job.Suitable for candidates from all backgrounds, no experience is required as ongoing training and support will be provided throughout.Potential earnings can range from £500 - £3000+ per month and you can start earning money immediately. These earnings are dependent on how much time and effort you decide to put in.If you would like to find out more information on how you can make money working from home please 'Apply' now and you will be contacted within 24 hours.20 Jan, 2021Work on your own terms to achieve the work-life balance you need?Our Work from home jobs are perfect for anyone looking to work part time or full time. - Work in the mornings, afternoons, evenings or weekends. - Fits around children & family commitments. - Can be worked alongside your current job.Suitable for candidates from all backgrounds, no experience is required as ongoing training and support will be provided throughout.Potential earnings can range from £500 - £3000+ per month and you can start earning money immediately. These earnings are dependent on how much time and effort you decide to put in.If you would like to find out more information on how you can make money working from home please 'Apply' now and you will be contacted within 24 hours.Trainee Project Administrator - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk Cumbria, EgremontTrain for a role as a Project AdministratorIf you are looking to work in the project sector, then working within Project Administration is a fantastic route towards a Project Management career.A Project Administrator includes being involved in generally supporting the project team, through auditing, administrations, data management etc for projects whilst under the supervision of a Project Manager.Project support workers need strong executive administrative skills, as well as the finance budgeting and reporting skills learned through a project management methodology such as PRINCE2 or AgilePM. You will also be working closely with a Project Manager or senior members of the team, so understanding key project management methodologies is a must.We have created an opportunity to work within the project sector by ensuring that candidates are fully prepared and qualified to work in Project Support roles.PRINCE2, AgilePM, Change Management and Business Analysis are all methodologies and...20 Jan, 2021Train for a role as a Project AdministratorIf you are looking to work in the project sector, then working within Project Administration is a fantastic route towards a Project Management career.A Project Administrator includes being involved in generally supporting the project team, through auditing, administrations, data management etc for projects whilst under the supervision of a Project Manager.Project support workers need strong executive administrative skills, as well as the finance budgeting and reporting skills learned through a project management methodology such as PRINCE2 or AgilePM. You will also be working closely with a Project Manager or senior members of the team, so understanding key project management methodologies is a must.We have created an opportunity to work within the project sector by ensuring that candidates are fully prepared and qualified to work in Project Support roles.PRINCE2, AgilePM, Change Management and Business Analysis are all methodologies and...Trainee IT Support - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk Cumbria, EgremontWe have partnered with one of the UK's leading providers of IT contract services to provide a real opportunity for individuals to begin a career as a Trainee IT Technician.Are you interested in a job embarking on a technical IT career?Are you frustrated that no one will give you that first chance?Are you friendly with great customer service skills?Utilising our training materials and our partner client's ongoing need for around 50 Trainee IT Support Technicians each month, we are able to offer an opportunity that will lead to a genuine employment position after completing the initial training.The support job position offers an income of £18k-£22k, dependant on location; working as a contractor or permanent staff to supply IT services to one of our partner's many client contracts.We are able to offer finance options for the training package, enabling you to start and finish the training promptly, and therefore move into the role as quickly as you can achieve the training goals set by...20 Jan, 2021We have partnered with one of the UK's leading providers of IT contract services to provide a real opportunity for individuals to begin a career as a Trainee IT Technician.Are you interested in a job embarking on a technical IT career?Are you frustrated that no one will give you that first chance?Are you friendly with great customer service skills?Utilising our training materials and our partner client's ongoing need for around 50 Trainee IT Support Technicians each month, we are able to offer an opportunity that will lead to a genuine employment position after completing the initial training.The support job position offers an income of £18k-£22k, dependant on location; working as a contractor or permanent staff to supply IT services to one of our partner's many client contracts.We are able to offer finance options for the training package, enabling you to start and finish the training promptly, and therefore move into the role as quickly as you can achieve the training goals set by...Trainee Project Administrator - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UKTrain for a role as a Project Administrator If you are looking to work in the project sector, then working within Project Administration is a fantastic route towards a Project Management career. A Project Administrator includes being involved in generally supporting the project team, through auditing, administrations, data management etc for projects whilst under the supervision of a Project Manager. Project support workers need strong executive administrative skills, as well as the finance budgeting and reporting skills learned through a project management methodology such as PRINCE2 or AgilePM. You will also be working closely with a Project Manager or senior members of the team, so understanding key project management methodologies is a must. We have created an opportunity to work within the project sector by ensuring that candidates are fully prepared and qualified to work in Project Support roles. PRINCE2, AgilePM, Change Management and Business Analysis are all...16 Jan, 2021Train for a role as a Project Administrator If you are looking to work in the project sector, then working within Project Administration is a fantastic route towards a Project Management career. A Project Administrator includes being involved in generally supporting the project team, through auditing, administrations, data management etc for projects whilst under the supervision of a Project Manager. Project support workers need strong executive administrative skills, as well as the finance budgeting and reporting skills learned through a project management methodology such as PRINCE2 or AgilePM. You will also be working closely with a Project Manager or senior members of the team, so understanding key project management methodologies is a must. We have created an opportunity to work within the project sector by ensuring that candidates are fully prepared and qualified to work in Project Support roles. PRINCE2, AgilePM, Change Management and Business Analysis are all...Team MemberGreggs 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UK*Team Member - Egremont* *Join the family*We believe in growing together – as a united team and working towards the achievement of our vision which is to be a winning brand in the food-on-the-go market. Greggs is a much loved and trusted brand with a strong traditional bakery heritage. Our people are what makes our business successful. We aim to provide our people with a great place to work, where they feel valued by listening, developing and rewarding them.*Pay Rates*Age 16-17 Starter Rate: £7.28Age 16-17 Full Rate: £7.51Age 18+ Starter Rate: £8.72Age 18+ Full Rate: £8.84*Shift Pattern and Contracted Hours*Hours:16Shifts:variance shift patterns. Shop is open7 days a week the opening hours are from 5am to 17.30 pm. We would like to welcome you to team in Egremont we are looking for a hard working and highly motivated individual to join our fast paced environment.Contract:Perm*Job Description*Greggs Team Members are the face and voice of our organisation, engaging with our...15 Jan, 2021*Team Member - Egremont* *Join the family*We believe in growing together – as a united team and working towards the achievement of our vision which is to be a winning brand in the food-on-the-go market. Greggs is a much loved and trusted brand with a strong traditional bakery heritage. Our people are what makes our business successful. We aim to provide our people with a great place to work, where they feel valued by listening, developing and rewarding them.*Pay Rates*Age 16-17 Starter Rate: £7.28Age 16-17 Full Rate: £7.51Age 18+ Starter Rate: £8.72Age 18+ Full Rate: £8.84*Shift Pattern and Contracted Hours*Hours:16Shifts:variance shift patterns. Shop is open7 days a week the opening hours are from 5am to 17.30 pm. We would like to welcome you to team in Egremont we are looking for a hard working and highly motivated individual to join our fast paced environment.Contract:Perm*Job Description*Greggs Team Members are the face and voice of our organisation, engaging with our...Trainee HGV Driver - Egremont, Cumbria, EnglandReps.co.uk 89-90 Main St, Egremont CA22 2DJ, UKWe are the largest HGV / LGV Training and Recruitment Company in the UK and train and place over 20% of all new drivers in the UK. Anyone 18+ with a full UK driving licence can become an HGV driver and we provide all the necessary training to get your Cat C or Cat C+E licence. - Flexible working hours - Train in under a week - Get a skill for life - Train where you want – over 60 training centres across the UK - 92% Pass Rate with Pass Protection! We work in partnership with the largest logistics recruiter in the UK to help provide job opportunities and support you into your new career. In fact the majority of our trainees go straight from our training course into driving jobs with some of the best and most recognisable companies in the U.K. Anyone can become a Trainee HGV Driver, we have successful recruited people within similar industries such as Delivery Drivers, Driving Instructors, Forklift Drivers and Taxi Drivers. We also have recruited many people who have...15 Jan, 2021We are the largest HGV / LGV Training and Recruitment Company in the UK and train and place over 20% of all new drivers in the UK. Anyone 18+ with a full UK driving licence can become an HGV driver and we provide all the necessary training to get your Cat C or Cat C+E licence. - Flexible working hours - Train in under a week - Get a skill for life - Train where you want – over 60 training centres across the UK - 92% Pass Rate with Pass Protection! We work in partnership with the largest logistics recruiter in the UK to help provide job opportunities and support you into your new career. In fact the majority of our trainees go straight from our training course into driving jobs with some of the best and most recognisable companies in the U.K. Anyone can become a Trainee HGV Driver, we have successful recruited people within similar industries such as Delivery Drivers, Driving Instructors, Forklift Drivers and Taxi Drivers. We also have recruited many people who have...Care AssistantCera Care Egremont CA22, Reino UnidoAre you seeking new opportunities as a Community Care Assistant? Cera Care is seeking Care Assistants in Allonby, and you could earn up to £372 a week. You will be on a permanent contract with us and can choose flexible or guaranteed hours on a part or full time basis. Being a Care Assistant in the community is as rewarding as it is hard work, it takes someone truly special to support those most in need and we want to ensure that Cera has only the best carers who are committed to providing outstanding levels of care. No day is the same but you can expect to assist our clients living in their own homes with: • Personal care: assisting with feeding, bathing, washing and dressing. • Perform light housekeeping tasks, such as dusting, vacuuming and changing bed linens. • Building trust and providing much needed companionship and a listening ear. Ensure all administrative tasks are completed - we support our carers with this via our innovative Carer App to reduce time and improve...25 Nov, 2020Are you seeking new opportunities as a Community Care Assistant? Cera Care is seeking Care Assistants in Allonby, and you could earn up to £372 a week. You will be on a permanent contract with us and can choose flexible or guaranteed hours on a part or full time basis. Being a Care Assistant in the community is as rewarding as it is hard work, it takes someone truly special to support those most in need and we want to ensure that Cera has only the best carers who are committed to providing outstanding levels of care. No day is the same but you can expect to assist our clients living in their own homes with: • Personal care: assisting with feeding, bathing, washing and dressing. • Perform light housekeeping tasks, such as dusting, vacuuming and changing bed linens. • Building trust and providing much needed companionship and a listening ear. Ensure all administrative tasks are completed - we support our carers with this via our innovative Carer App to reduce time and improve...Load moreHomeContact UsAbout UsCookie PolicyTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerFree Job PostingPost a JobJob BoardsSearch CV databaseSign InATSJob Boards Terms & ConditionsPartnershipsPublisher ProgramJoin UsXml SpecificationsInternational JobsJob SeekerFind JobsRegisterSign InFAQsJobseeker GuideHow To Create A Winning CVMake My CV SearchableWhy Join?© 2021 Clicka Jobs Ltd"
