"\"カラーで分かるシリーズ\"適職診断編 赤（英語版） | 色彩舎ホームHome会社概要Corporateカラータイプ®とはColortypeサービスメニューMenuビジネススキル研修カラータイプ®研修カラーコーディネート研修パーソナルカラー研修カラーコンサルティング街づくりカラープロデュースメディア掲載情報Media実績紹介Performanceメールマガジンの登録はこちらからカラータイプ協会HP お問い合わせTOP > カラーで分かる性格診断シリーズ > “カラーで分かるシリーズ”適職診断編 赤（英語版）“カラーで分かるシリーズ”就活編Aptitude of RedStrengths of Red type in the workplaceThere is no lack of topics and glamorous actions to takeCan’t help but act as soon as you think of it, and I do things fastMake quick decisions and get things doneActive and shine even brighter on the big stageSuitable jobs for Red type～A politician with full of vitality～You are suited to be a politician with full of vitality. You come up with one policy after another and implement them quickly. You hate to lose and have excellent negotiating skills, so you will never compromise when it comes to your opinions.～A passionate entrepreneur～You are suited to be a passionate entrepreneur. You have a clear vision of what you want to achieve and the ability to involve everyone around you to make your business a success. Your bullish and flawless attitude will attract opposition, but also admiration and respect.～A passionate teacher～You are suited to be a passionate teacher who always does your best. You do not shy away from preaching to the delinquents. You yell loudly because you care about your students. Although you are usually strict, you are the type of teacher who cries more than any other teacher at graduation ceremonies.～A businessman with a lot of business trip～You are suited to be a businessman with a lot of business trips. You can’t stand to be in the same place doing the same work all the time. You feel bored if your days are not filled with stimulation of traveling all over Japan and the world and constantly meeting new people.～A PR in the cosmetics industry～You are suited to be a PR in the cosmetics industry. The point is that you are in a glamorous job in a bright industry. The more attention you get, the more motivated and energetic you will be. This is one of your strengths.This may not be the right place for youWork alone without meeting peopleThe plain behind-the-scenes workA less glamorous workplaceLINEカラータイプ®マーケティングツールはこちらColortype marketing お問い合わせContact上へ戻るプライバシーポリシー株式会社 色彩舎〒651-0086 兵庫県神戸市中央区磯上通4丁目1-14 三宮スカイビル8FTEL：078-862-6990FAX：078-862-6990メールアドレス：mail@shikisaisha.jpCopyright (c) 色彩舎 .All rights reserved."
