"$2billion for Trains, Trams and jobs in Victoria - Ironfish中文联系我们参加活动投资刊物预约咨询参加活动投资刊物预约咨询亚太优势组合式投资我们是如何选择房产的公寓联排别墅独栋别墅投资服务建立房产投资组合个性化投资策略客户支持服务优选合作伙伴物业管理服务财务健康计划参加活动悉尼讲座墨尔本讲座布里斯班讲座珀斯讲座阿德莱德讲座网络公开课投资刊物城市指南悉尼墨尔本布里斯班珀斯阿德莱德房产市场研究报告电子书下载客户成功案例关于亚太管理团队服务网点我们的足迹工作机会博客及新闻联系我们预约咨询回到博客和新闻发表于 06/05/2015$2billion for Trains, Trams and jobs in VictoriaThe Andrews Labor Government will invest $2 billion to kick start a long-term plan for train and tram manufacturing in Victoria, securing existing jobs in the industry and creating new jobs .Premier Daniel Andrews joined Minister for Public Transport, Jacinta Allan, today to launch Trains, Trams, Jobs 2015-2025 – Victorian Rolling Stock Strategy. The Strategy sets out our ten-year plan for 100 new metropolitan trains, 100 new trams, and a massive expansion of our regional train fleet.Tomorrow’s 2015-16 Victorian Budget will provide $2 billion for hundreds of train and tram carriages, including:$1.3 billion for 37 new High Capacity Metro Trains$274 million for 20 E-Class Trams$257 million for 21 VLocity Carriages$90 million for five New X’Trapolis Trains$75 million for maintenance and refurbishment to extend the life of the current Comeng train fleet$21 million to extend the life of the B-Class Tram fleetThe multi-billion investment will provide greater certainty to rolling stock manufacturers and suppliers, which employ up to 10,000 people in Victoria.Beyond this initial investment, Trains, Trams, Jobs 2015-2025 identifies a pipeline of train and tram delivery to meet the needs of the public transport network for decades to come. This will enable companies to invest in facilities, in new technology and in workers, sustaining high-skill manufacturing in Victoria.Investing in trains and trams will also provide education and training opportunities.The Labor Government will work with the TAFE sector to develop programs for apprentices in the rolling stock industry, training the next generation of engineers.Quotes attributable to Premier of Victoria, Daniel Andrews“This $2 billion investment in new trams, trains and jobs is part of our plan to transform Victoria’s public transport system and create local jobs – and we’re getting on with it.”“Victoria is the only state that makes trams and trains. We want to see these industries grow and employ more people, which is why we’re investing strongly.”Quotes attributable to Minister for Public Transport, Jacinta Allan“The number of people using our public transport system is growing twice as fast as our population. Without this critical investment and a long-term plan for rolling stock, our network would grind to a halt.”“Our investment today is a key part of the Andrews Labor Government’s plan for high-frequency public transport and high-skilled manufacturing in Victoria.”Source: News Release, Premier of Victoria, 04 May 2015http://www.premier.vic.gov.au/2-billion-for-trains-trams-and-jobs-in-victoria更多文章10/12/2020 / CEO特辑回首2020，展望2021Ironfish亚太集团总裁周华的圣诞致辞阅读更多25/11/2020 / 市场趋势最新数据显示：澳洲房市或已走过拐点阅读更多23/11/2020 / 投资攻略, 市场趋势为什么越来越多的澳洲年轻人在做这件事？阅读更多19/11/2020 / 数据研究澳洲史上最低房贷利率来临，对你到底意味着什么？阅读更多30/10/2020 / CEO特辑14年如一日的行业创新者，我们是怎么做到的？亚太集团总裁周华写给客户及员工的一封信阅读更多了解房市资讯，怎样才能快人一步？订阅我们的月度邮件：网罗重大房产新闻、最新研究分析、投资策略及投资故事。订阅邮件联系我们关于亚太客户点评参加活动中文亚太集团©2019版权所有隐私政策条款和条件网站地图预约免费咨询房产查询邮件订阅下载电子书市场报告下载联系我们姓氏名字手机号码电子邮件所在州全部NSW VIC QLD WA SA请备注提交工作机会姓氏名字手机号码电子邮件求职意向领域全部会计 行政/文秘/办公室运营 广告/媒体/印刷出版 金融财务 建筑施工 客户服务 工程 行政管理 酒店/出行/旅游 人力资源 法务 市场营销/公共关系/活动运营 多媒体/设计/新媒体 房产 销售及相关管理 贸易服务所在州全部NSW VIC QLD WA SACover Letter 仅限.docx, .rtf, .pdf文件后缀名Resume 仅限.docx, .rtf, .pdf文件后缀名提交This website uses cookies to improve your experience. These are essential to the site functioning. Cookie settingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies PolicyClosePrivacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.NecessaryNecessaryAlways EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information."
