"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesRetail 3216 Engineering 236 Management 207 Defense 133 Business 77 Veterinary Services 76Accounting 63 Information Technology (IT) 58 Installation - Maint - Repair 50 Government 47 Health Care 37 Nurse 36 Education 33 Nonprofit - Social Services 33 Transportation 32MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 46 Contractor 5 Full/Part-Time 1Refine by Salary Rangeup to $20,000 1 $20,000 - $40,000 4 $40,000 - $75,000 6 $75,000 - $100,000 2 $100,000 - $150,000 1 $150,000 - $200,000 1Construction Sales Administration Warehouse Law Enforcement & Security Facilities Agriculture Other Supply Chain Professional Services California944 jobs foundJan 20, 2021Site Security Specialist (PHYSEC/Industrial) Los Angeles, CA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://watermarkriskmanagementinternationalllc.applytojob.com/apply/hyqRgZSDEA/Site-Security-Specialist-PHYSECIndustrial Watermark Risk Management International has an exciting opportunity for a talented Physical/Industrial Security Specialist to join our team. Position Description: This position provides physical security (PS), industrial security, and cybersecurity support for collateral, SCI and SAP systems in accordance with ICD, DODM, legacy DCID/JAFAN, and other DoD and national guidance for facilities with internal networks and guest systems. Provides industrial security support to SAR acquisition programs. In this role you will… Assist Government security authorities in managing acquisition programs’ industrial security requirements Responsible for ensuring compliance with DODM, ICD, or legacy DCID/JAFAN physical security and IA requirements and maintaining...Watermark Risk Management International, LLC Los Angeles, CA Full-TimeJan 20, 2021Activity Security Representative (ASR) II Los Angeles, CA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://watermarkriskmanagementinternationalllc.applytojob.com/apply/MQGyNy2Yrl/Activity-Security-Representative-ASR-II Watermark Risk Management International has an exciting opportunity for a talented Activity Security Representative (ASR) II to join our team. Position Description: The position will provide “day-to-day” support for Collateral, Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Program (SAP) activities. In this role you will…. Classify reviews of inbound and outbound correspondence in the maintenance of a document accountability database and associated correspondence Process inbound and outbound classified mail and receipt records Perform destruction of classified materials Process magnetic media for accountability Reproduction support for classified materials Maintain various daily logs for a variety of administrative functions associated...Watermark Risk Management International, LLC Los Angeles, CA Full-TimeJan 13, 2021Java Developer Seaside, CA FeaturedWe are looking to add a Java Developer to a program supporting the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC). This team is providing continuous evaluation and working to expedite and automate the security clearance process. In this role, you will determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. You will design, modify, develop, write and implement application code to support DMDC’s mission of providing automated record checks of commercial and government data sources to provide near real-time identification of adverse information. Job Qualifications Current DoD Secret Clearance required Security + Certification Bachelor’s degree and 3+ years software development (or equivalent combination of education and experience) to include: Developing J2EE applications and Web Services including performance tuning and testing. Solid/advance Java programming and object-oriented analysis...Advanced Onion Seaside, CA Full-TimeJan 13, 2021Quality Assurance Specialist Seaside, CA FeaturedQuality Assurance Specialist (Functional Tester) Database and Software Development Ingenuity is at the heart of this company's approach to helping clients collect, store, manage, visualize and utilize data. Subject Matter Experts within the team are equally adept at refining existing software and developing original programs supporting key functional operations. We are seeking a new member to join this team to help us provide solutions for the Department of Defense. The products delivered by this team actively help to ensure the safety of Service Members and their families around the world. This is a great position for someone with a strong understanding of the software testing environment who is interested in gaining experience in functional testing. On a day to day basis you will perform duties associated with Test planning, Hardware/Software Testing, Documentation and assessment and other duties as they relate to Quality Assurance and software testing to include:...Advanced Onion Seaside, CA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Fire Protection Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Architect - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Electrical Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Mechanical Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Civil/Structural Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Technical Assistant for the Office of the Registrar FeaturedPOSITION SUMMARY Harvey Mudd College is recruiting for a highly motivated and service-oriented Technical Assistant to work in the Registrar’s Office, within the Academic Affairs Division. This is a full-time, benefits-eligible, non-exempt, temporary position that reports to the Associate Registrar. This temporary position is up to a 12-month commitment with a renewal option up to a maximum of 21 months, depending on funding and availability. Starting salary is dependent upon qualifications. Information about HMC’s competitive benefits package is available at www.hmc.edu/hrbenefits. The Technical Assistant for the Office of the Registrar provides customer service, quality assurance, and technical support for the Office of the Registrar. The Technical Assistant answers student, faculty, staff, and alumni queries pertaining to college policies, particularly regarding records and registration; conducts end-user testing of various office systems; enters, maintains, and validates...Harvey Mudd College Claremont, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 08, 2021Assistant/Associate Director of Sponsored Programs and Grants FeaturedPOSITION SUMMARY Harvey Mudd College (HMC) is seeking an experienced professional to build and lead a grants research and administration structure for HMC faculty and staff. The Assistant/Associate Director of Sponsored Programs and Grants will serve as the primary administrative and compliance officer for faculty research and external resources and provide oversight and support for pre- and post-award research and sponsored programs activities. Working collaboratively with faculty and academic professionals in all disciplines of the college, the Assistant/Associate Director of Sponsored Programs and Grants will research, promote and facilitate federal, state and private funding opportunities. About Harvey Mudd College: Located in the heart of Claremont, California, 35 miles east of Los Angeles, Harvey Mudd College is a highly selective undergraduate liberal arts college offering degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. HMC enrolls over 800 students...Harvey Mudd College Claremont, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 06, 2021Technical Writer FeaturedTechnical Writer Oxnard, CA About Us: JSL Technologies, Inc. (JSL) is a certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) and Veteran-Owned government contractor providing engineering, logistics, and program support services to the Department of Defense (DoD). Our team of 350 employees is committed to delivering practical, innovative, and affordable solutions. We are headquartered in Oxnard, CA and provide top tier services across the nation. JSL fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed, and highly accomplished professionals who respect each other, hold themselves accountable, and continually strive for improvement. We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package. Security Clearance: Applicants must have an active security clearance and/or the ability to obtain and maintain a US government security clearance. Selected candidates will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility...JSL Technologies, Inc. Port Hueneme, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 05, 2021Contracts Administrator FeaturedContracts Administrator Oxnard, CA About Us: JSL Technologies, Inc. (JSL) is a certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) and Veteran-Owned government contractor providing engineering, logistics, and program support services to the Department of Defense (DoD). Our team of over 350 employees is committed to delivering practical, innovative, and affordable solutions. We are headquartered in Oxnard, CA and provide top tier services across the nation. JSL fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed, and highly accomplished professionals who respect each other, hold themselves accountable, and continually strive for improvement. We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package. Security Clearance: Applicants must have an active security clearance and/or the ability to obtain and maintain a US government security clearance. Selected candidates will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet...JSL Technologies, Inc. Oxnard, CA, USA Full-TimeOct 22, 2020User Support Service Manager FeaturedPosition Summary The USS Manager supervises the User Support Service (USS) team and directs all technical support services to the HMC campus, which consists of approximately 1,000 faculty, staff, and student users. Ensures the USS team provides technical consultation for hardware, software and audio-visual systems support to campus users, which includes; troubleshooting, researching, analyzing and responding to a wide range of routine and complex issues or questions and requests for assistance. The USS Manager coordinates the daily work and schedules of the USS technical analysts to ensure that priorities are aligned, service requests are fulfilled in a timely manner, and workload is equitable. The USS Manager initiates and oversees the development of documentation for the operations of the User Support Services. Serves as the first point of escalation and contact for faculty, staff and students who need additional support from the USS team or are dissatisfied with service. The...Harvey Mudd College Claremont, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 24, 2021Land Acquisitioner*D.R. Horton, Inc., the largest homebuilder in the U.S.*, was founded in 1978 and is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. It is engaged in the construction and sale of high quality homes designed principally for the entry-level and first time move-up markets. The Company also provides mortgage financing and title services for homebuyers through its mortgage and title subsidiaries. Please visit our website atwww.drhorton.comfor more information. D.R. Horton, Inc. is currently looking for a*_Land Acquisitioner_*for their Operations Department. The right candidate willacquire undeveloped land or finished lots for development. Work with property owners, brokers, land developers, city officials and others to secure land. *Essential Duties and Responsibilities* * Coordinate, Secure and Organize Land Acquisition Leads * Receive and provide initial response plan for all new leads from outside sources * Perform Title and municipal research and initial cold...Construction Jobs Inc Pleasanton, CA, USAJan 24, 2021Marketing Manager*D.R. Horton, Inc., the largest homebuilder in the U.S.*, was founded in 1978 and is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. It is engaged in the construction and sale of high quality homes designed principally for the entry-level and first time move-up markets. The Company also provides mortgage financing and title services for homebuyers through its mortgage and title subsidiaries. Please visit our website atwww.drhorton.comfor more information D.R. Horton, Inc. is currently looking for a*_Marketing Manager_*for their Sales and Marketing Department. The right candidate willassist the Marketing and Sales Director with the supervision of the Marketing Department. Direct the design of marketing materials and oversee the maintenance and open of model homes. *Essential Duties and Responsibilities* * Communicate with various departments to improve products and company image * Coordinate advertising and public relations with the ad agency for current...Construction Jobs Inc Pleasanton, CA, USAJan 24, 2021Accountant-BLD*D.R. Horton, Inc., the largest homebuilder in the U.S.*, was founded in 1978 and is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. It is engaged in the construction and sale of high quality homes designed principally for the entry-level and first time move-up markets. The Company also provides mortgage financing and title services for homebuyers through its mortgage and title subsidiaries. Please visit our website atwww.drhorton.comfor more information. *D.R. Horton, Inc.*is currently looking for an*_Accountant_*for theirAccountingDepartment. The right candidate will be responsible forapplyingprinciples of accounting to analyze financial information and prepare financial reports. Assists in maintaining budgets and projected costs. *Essential Duties and Responsibilities*Other duties may be assigned. * Review job costs for budget variances, cost code errors, and other posting errors on invoices, etc. * Prepare journal entries as needed * Prepare monthly Cost...Construction Jobs Inc Roseville, CA, USAJan 24, 2021Distribution Center Supervisor (5K Sign-On Bonus)Walgreens Job DescriptionCome work for this essential business, and receive a 5,000 sign-on bonus! The safety of our team members is our number one priority. As such, Walgreens has an around the clock sanitizing team, completes daily health checks of every employee and visitor who enters our facility and rigorously enforces the wearing of face masks and social distancing in an effort to keep our team members safe and healthy.Job Summary:Responsible for supervising and coordinating activities for assigned functional area which includes monitoring daily productivity/output by Key Performance Indicators (KPIs); in partnership with management, defines resource needs and works within budget and staffing parameters to meet business objectives. Ensures the accuracy and integrity of inventory/merchandise movement by monitoring SIMS/AS-400 system applications. Monitors team members' productivity and work quality, and manages performance using the tools available including progress...Professional Diversity Network Woodland, CA, USAJan 23, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001188Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stockton, CA, USAJan 23, 2021Project Safety ManagerThe Lane Construction Corporation is one of Americas leading construction companies, specializing in large, complex civil infrastructure. For nearly 130 years, it has contributed to the development of the countrys vast network of roads, highways, and bridges, including the Interstate Highway System. Lane also specializes in tunnels, metro and railway systems, as well as airports and water and wastewater treatment plants Job Description Summary:The Safety Manager is responsible for developing and managing the accident prevention program and the laws that relate to the safety of our work for the area they are assigned. Responsibilities: -Administer compliance with the safety program and lead accident prevention efforts to ensure company and project safety goals are met. -Conduct work area assessments. -Develop and facilitate appropriate training programs. -Supervise, develop, and manage other safety professionals under his/her area of responsibility to ensure the...Construction Jobs Inc Ontario, CA, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
