"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesRetail 1176 Nurse 312 Other 304 Construction 95 Management 67 Information Technology (IT) 43Pharmaceutical 43 Defense 40 Accounting 31 Business 31 Professional Services 31 Veterinary Services 31 Research 28 Marketing 19 Human Resources 12 Government 8 General Labor 5 Administration 5MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 6 Full/Part-Time 1Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 1 $40,000 - $75,000 1 $75,000 - $100,000 1Installation - Maint - Repair Program Management Logistics Law Enforcement & Security Science Sales Engineering Massachusetts82 jobs foundJan 20, 2021Network/Systems Administrator III Hanscom AFB, MA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://watermarkriskmanagementinternationalllc.applytojob.com/apply/MxYFB3MFAp/NetworkSystems-Administrator-III The primary function will be to organize, install, and support government organization’s computer systems, including local area networks (LANs), wide area networks (WANs), network segments, intranets, and other data communication systems. This will also include helping architect, design and analyze network models. It will require participation in decisions about buying future hardware or software to upgrade organization’s infrastructure. This position might be called upon to provide technical support to computer users to help solve users’ problems. This position will support activities within Special Access Programs (SAPs) supporting Department of Defense (DoD) agencies, such as HQ Air Force, Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and Military Compartments efforts. The position...Watermark Risk Management International, LLC Hanscom AFB, MA Full-TimeJan 22, 2021Senior Site Reliability Engineer, Analytics & TradingFactSet Research Systems Inc. Senior Site Reliability Engineer for Analytics & TradingRole/Department DescriptionThe SRE team is an exclusive group made up of some of the best engineers at FactSet, following the principles and practices laid out by Google and other hyper-scale technology organizations. These engineers provide critical assistance during widespread incidents as well as defining and building the key infrastructure, policies and processes required to further improve ongoing product stability at FactSet.Embedded SRE members focus on a specific Business Unit or Horizontal within FactSet. They work closely with the core SRE team to understand the tools, principles and processes being established and then work within their assigned business unit to apply them. The main responsibilities of this role are to drive the stability culture, assist with SBU specific critical events where appropriate and ensure we have an experienced dedicated resource within the business unit...Professional Diversity Network Boston, MA, USAJan 21, 2021Facilities CoordinatorCBRE JOB SUMMARY The purpose of this position is to provide assistance to the facility management team to ensure the successful competition of client facility needs.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Responds to client inquires and concerns. Ensures timely and quality service delivery to clients. Follows up with clients to ensure customer satisfaction. Creates work orders and assigns work orders to multiple technicians, subcontractors and vendors. Communicates work orders to technicians and assists management in resolving problems. Provides reports on open and closed work orders and checks status with the appropriate technician or vendor.Maintains files on work orders, proposals, and department files. Creates vendor files and checks accuracy on completed paperwork submitted by vendors. Trains vendors on work order and billing procedures. Processes invoices and ensures proper cost center coding.Assists with the inspections on the facility campus.Uses pc and/or PDA for work order...Professional Diversity Network Westborough, MA, USAJan 21, 2021Union Building EngineerCBRE External Desc-en External Desc-fr PDN-92895ca3-9b9d-49a1-b6b2-32015f34df3bProfessional Diversity Network North Quincy, Quincy, MA, USAJan 18, 2021Quality Assurance TechnologistAs part of our FS/QA team, you would conduct routine sanitation checks, ensuring that HAACP and USDA regulations are strictly enforced. Providing technical expertise to track product from start to finish, and develop corrective actions when needed. You will be responsible for ensuring that we are able to safely deliver the best Smithfield, Eckrich, Nathan’s Famous, or any of our product brands to customers and consumers. This position is responsible for ensuring the overall quality in their assigned areas through the management of regulatory, company, and customer policies, programs and work instructions. This role is expected to conduct accurate grading and documentation of product quality against published product specifications. This position is responsible for monitoring plant programs, which may include but is not limited to: pre-op sanitation; carcass, product and room temperatures; product leakers; and GMPs. Assists in managing quality programs and exercising...Smithfield Foods Springfield, MA, USAJan 17, 2021Principal Engineer / ArchitectCVS Health Job DescriptionWho we are:CVS Health's mission is to help people on their path to better health by making wellness decisions simple and integrated into every experience that we provide. Aetna Health is a new digital experience built from the ground up to aid members navigate their benefits and access quality care. We like to think big and execute incrementally. We believe in taking smart risks, adapting, and moving forward. We reward diverse thought and support our people to challenge the status quo.What we need:Aetna is taking on a major initiative to redesign and rebuild many of its customer facing digital assets. We need an empathetic human to help transform health and wellness via products that drive engagement and a best-in-class experience. This person will work as part of one or more agile teams to provide guidance on creating a sustainable, evolutionary architecture. They will design REST APIs and event-driven systems in a domain-driven way. They will also help...Professional Diversity Network Burlington, MA, USAJan 16, 2021DevOps EngineerViasat Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide. We're looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service...Professional Diversity Network Boston, MA, USAJan 16, 2021DevOps EngineerViasat Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide. We're looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service...Professional Diversity Network Marlborough, MA, USAJan 16, 2021Building Automation Systems Engineer (Facilities Controls)CBRE RESPONSIBILITIES Provides program oversight in the operation and maintenance of all building automation systems to maximize efficiency and minimize costs. Working under limited supervision, monitors, inspects, and repairs equipment. Ensures compliance with safety rules and regulations, and oversees and schedules contracted work.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Maintains a total facilities systems management program which includes all the various connected and separate electrical, mechanical, life, safety, etc. systems that are operational in a facility. Ensures that measures are taken to operate all specialized systems in the most efficient manner to keep operating costs at a minimum. Complies with all applicable codes, regulations, governmental agency and Company directives related to systems operations and work safety. Inspects specialized systems to ensure operation of equipment is within design capabilities and achieves operational conditions prescribed by...Professional Diversity Network Cambridge, MA, USAJan 15, 2021Senior C++/C# Software EngineerMoody's Corporation Job DescriptionAs a Senior Software Engineer you will work alongside talented team members and key business stakeholders to develop and enhance complex analytical software applications for analyzing structured fixed income securities. The primary programming language is C++ but a knowledge of C# is also beneficial.To be successful, it requires the ability understand and implement user requirements in multiple areas including UI, calculation, and database layers. Our team utilizes Waterfall and Agile Software Development Life Cycles and has a high degree of collaboration with our key business stakeholders. We are looking for a great team player who is comfortable working with team members at different locations in multiple time zones for project deliverables.Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:Develop and program complex features for our core analytics and cashflow engines.Interpret business requirements in collaboration with Business Analyst...Professional Diversity Network Waltham, West ChesterJan 15, 2021Assistant Director-Principal QA EngineerMoody's Corporation Job DescriptionDesign, write and execute manual and automated tests.Assist in the design and implementation of a maintainable and robust test automation framework.Assist with clarification of functional and non-functional requirements.Use bug tracking systems to submit, track and manage defects.Analyze test results across the full stream and provide meaningful reports to project team.Maintain software testing artefacts.Use queries to create test data and analyze results.Track and ensure coverage for each software release.Initiate process and execution improvements for the QA phases of the SDLC.Mentor less experienced team members.Fill QA lead role on a stream and/or perform direct line manager role for a small team.Reproduce and analyze clients' issues.Perform detailed project planning and project management support including work breakdown structure, estimates, status reporting and project closeout specific to testing.RequirementsUndergraduate/first-level...Professional Diversity Network New York, WalthamJan 15, 2021Sr Data EngineerCVS Health Job DescriptionLeads and participates in the design, built and management of large scaledata structures and pipelines and efficient Extract/Load/Transform (ETL)workflows.Required QualificationsDevelops large scale data structures and pipelines to organize, collect andstandardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reportingneeds. Writes ETL (Extract / Transform / Load) processes, designs databasesystems and develops tools for real-time and offline analytic processing.Collaborates with data science team to transform data and integratealgorithms and models into automated processes. Uses knowledge inHadoop architecture, HDFS commands and experience designing &optimizing queries to build data pipelines. Uses strong programming skills inPython, Java or any of the major languages to build robust data pipelinesand dynamic systems. Builds data marts and data models to support DataScience and other internal customers. Integrates data from a variety ofsources,...Professional Diversity Network Wellesley, MA, USAJan 14, 2021Territory Sales RepresentativeOverview Territory Sales Representative Position Overview: As a Territory Sales Representative, you are responsible for driving profitable sales growth by developing, maintaining, and advancing accounts by regularly contacting dental offices within a defined territory. Who are we looking for as a Territory Sales Representative? Patterson Dental is looking for business-minded professionals who strive for organizational success, seek career growth, and desire the ability to drive one's own income potential. Building connections for healthier communities Patterson Companies and our dedicated teams create healthier communities by building strong partnerships, one person at a time. We connect expertise to inspired ideas, products and services while creating a relevant, memorable difference in the lives of our clients and their customers. As a market leading dental and animal health company, we supply technology, products and equipment, as well as marketing, support...Patterson Companies Inc Boston, MA, USAJan 13, 2021Software Engineer - EmbeddedViasat Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide. We're looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service...Professional Diversity Network Boston, MA, USAJan 13, 2021Software Engineer - EmbeddedViasat Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide. We're looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service...Professional Diversity Network Marlborough, MA, USAJan 13, 2021Network/Systems Administrator III Hanscom AFB, MACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://watermarkriskmanagementinternationalllc.applytojob.com/apply/8Cn0uHwOY9/NetworkSystems-Administrator-III Watermark Risk Management International has an exciting opportunity for a talented NETWORK/SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR III to join our team. Position Description: The primary function will be to organize, install, and support government organization’s computer systems, including local area networks (LANs), wide area networks (WANs), network segments, intranets, and other data communication systems. This will also include helping architect, design and analyze network models. It will require participation in decisions about buying future hardware or software to upgrade organization’s infrastructure. This position might be called upon to provide technical support to computer users to help solve users’ problems. This position will support activities within Special Access...Watermark Risk Management International, LLC Hanscom AFB, MA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Plant Safety/Environmental ManagerSupports the facility in the design, management, and implementation of our comprehensive Health and Safety programs and provides direction to all levels within the plant regarding appropriate Health and Safety practices. Plans, implements, evaluates and communicates safety initiatives that meet and exceed regulatory requirements.Smithfield Foods Springfield, MA, USAJan 07, 2021Software Development EngineerCVS Health Job DescriptionAetna-CVSHealth's Consumer Health & Products division, Aetna Digital's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital transformation and all digital products, as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap.A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be a part of the team that will build this next generation platform.You will join the product team that will deliver the platform that will disrupt the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. We want you to bring forward your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry.The Role:Aetna Digital is looking for a Software Development Engineer with Java, or...Professional Diversity Network Burlington, MA, USAJan 07, 2021Senior Software Development EngineerCVS Health Job DescriptionAetna-CVSHealth's Consumer Health & Products division, Aetna Digital's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital transformation and all digital products, as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap.A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be a part of the team that will build this next generation platform.You will join the product team that will deliver the platform that will disrupt the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. We want you to bring forward your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry.Aetna Digital is looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer with Java,...Professional Diversity Network Burlington, MA, USAJan 07, 2021Data EngineerCVS Health Job DescriptionIt's a new day in health care! Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a ground-breaking moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nation's premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, we're pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, you'll be at the center of it all. We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.Required Qualifications*Participates in the design, build and management of large-scale data ETL (Extract / Transform / Load) workflows for real-time and offline analytic processing.*Integrates data from a variety of sources, assuring that they adhere to data quality and accessibility...Professional Diversity Network Wellesley, MA, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
