"Jobs | HospitalCareers.comSearch JobsFind EmployersCareer InsightsCareer AdviceEmployersSign inSign upSearch JobsFind EmployersCareer InsightsCareer AdviceEmployersKeywordsLocationSearch JobsSearch Jobs1,752 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationSearch JobsSearch JobsCurrent SearchTechnicianRefine by CategoryNursing (9571) Assistant/Support (4137) Administration/Operations (1393) Counseling (1339) Technologist (1306) Physician & Surgeon (1134)Therapy (1114) Medical Imaging (810) Laboratory (787) Education (770) Healthcare IT (447) Dietary & Nutrition (376) Pharmacy (368) Research (306) Home Health (294) Nurse Practitioner (144) Physician Assistant (111)MoreRefine by Company NameUK HealthCare (97) North Mississippi Health Services (79) Norman Regional Health System (60) Carilion Clinic (58) UCLA Health (53) University of Florida Health (48)Parkland Heath and Hospital System (45) Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (40) TriHealth (40) McLeod Health (39) Hendrick Health System (39) Saint Alphonsus Health System (35) Bay Medical Sacred Heart (35) UnityPoint Health - St. Luke's Hospital (34) Catawba Valley Medical Center (33) Atlanticare (33) CaroMont Health (32) Valley Health System (32) Monument Health (32) OU Medicine (28)MoreRefine by StateOhio (159) Oklahoma (156) Iowa (129) North Carolina (117) Texas (109) Virginia (108)Mississippi (104) Kentucky (98) Massachusetts (92) California (83) Florida (83) Arkansas (62) South Carolina (58) Washington (58) Minnesota (40) New Jersey (33) South Dakota (32) Alabama (26) Louisiana (23) Maine (19)MoreRefine by CityLexington (95) Norman (58) Boston (53) Cedar Rapids (49) Leesburg (48) Tupelo (47)Dallas (44) Los Angeles (44) Conway (37) Roanoke (37) Abilene (36) Hickory (34) Gastonia (32) Rapid City (32) Oklahoma City (30) Marietta (26) Jackson (23) Mount Vernon (22) Montgomery (21) Pensacola (21)MoreRefine by Employment TypeFull Time (268) PRN (104) Per Diem (45) Part Time (41)Email me jobs like thisSurgical Tech Specialty-LGMC Surgery-Full TimeLafayette General Health Lafayette, LA, USASURGICAL TECH SPECIALTY-LGMC SURGERY-FULL TIME (JOB ID: 3318) Location:LGMC Employment Status:Full Time SUMMARY: Cares for patients in the hospital, or other medical facility, under direction of nursing and/or physicians, by performing the following duties. Provides exceptional service and/or care to all patients, customers and team members. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Demonstrates clinical competency in his/her area of practice Organizes duties in order of priority and demand Assists with the preparation of instruments, supplies, and equipment for the planned procedure Participates in the universal protocol/time-out procedure Demonstrates knowledge and preparedness for patient’s needs based on age-related criteria Assists with patient preparation and draping of the operative/procedural site Assists in monitoring and controlling environment, noise, and traffic flow Operates mechanical, electrical, and air powered equipment according to manufacturer’s...Jan 16, 2021SURGICAL TECH SPECIALTY-LGMC SURGERY-FULL TIME (JOB ID: 3318) Location:LGMC Employment Status:Full Time SUMMARY: Cares for patients in the hospital, or other medical facility, under direction of nursing and/or physicians, by performing the following duties. Provides exceptional service and/or care to all patients, customers and team members. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Demonstrates clinical competency in his/her area of practice Organizes duties in order of priority and demand Assists with the preparation of instruments, supplies, and equipment for the planned procedure Participates in the universal protocol/time-out procedure Demonstrates knowledge and preparedness for patient’s needs based on age-related criteria Assists with patient preparation and draping of the operative/procedural site Assists in monitoring and controlling environment, noise, and traffic flow Operates mechanical, electrical, and air powered equipment according to manufacturer’s...Research Technician-Beroukhim LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe combined laboratories of Drs. Dipanjan Chowdhury, Adam Bass, and Rameen Beroukhim are jointly seeking a research assistant to help lead an emerging effort to develop andJan 16, 2021The combined laboratories of Drs. Dipanjan Chowdhury, Adam Bass, and Rameen Beroukhim are jointly seeking a research assistant to help lead an emerging effort to develop andResearch Technician- Bandopadhayay LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Bandopadhayay Lab (www.bandolab.org) at DFCI (with co-affiliations with Boston Children’s Hospital and the Broad Institute) is seeking a motivated research assistant to join our efforts to find better treatments for children with brain tumors. WeJan 16, 2021The Bandopadhayay Lab (www.bandolab.org) at DFCI (with co-affiliations with Boston Children’s Hospital and the Broad Institute) is seeking a motivated research assistant to join our efforts to find better treatments for children with brain tumors. WeResearch Technician, Center for Immuno-OncologyDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USALocated in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. This position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording...Jan 16, 2021Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. This position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording...Research Technician, Hormoz LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USALocated in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. The Hormoz Lab at Harvard Medical School and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (https://hormoz.hms.harvard.edu/) seeks a highly motivated and dedicated full-time Research Assistant. Hormoz lab studies the behavior of individual cells during development and in diseases such as cancer. Your project would involve analyzing...Jan 16, 2021Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. The Hormoz Lab at Harvard Medical School and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (https://hormoz.hms.harvard.edu/) seeks a highly motivated and dedicated full-time Research Assistant. Hormoz lab studies the behavior of individual cells during development and in diseases such as cancer. Your project would involve analyzing...Research Technician - Novina LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThis position in the Novina lab within the Department of Cancer Immunology and Virology will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, they will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations, calculating and recording results, making presentations, and helping other scientists, postdocs, and students with their projects. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's...Jan 16, 2021This position in the Novina lab within the Department of Cancer Immunology and Virology will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, they will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations, calculating and recording results, making presentations, and helping other scientists, postdocs, and students with their projects. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's...Research Technician - Viswanathan LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Viswanathan lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute uses genomic and cutting-edge genome-scale functional genetic technologies to uncover drivers of genitourinary malignancies, with a specific focus on prostate and kidney cancers. We are in search of a highly motivated and capable Research Technician to join the Viswanathan laboratory. Please visit our Lab's website at: https://viswanathanlab.dana-farber.org Several projects are available, all related to understanding the molecular mechanisms that drive these cancers. There is a particular interest in understanding the role of alternative splicing and/or RNA binding proteins in disease pathogenesis. The overarching aim of projects in the lab is to develop mechanistic insights that can be translated into improved outcomes for patients with genitourinary cancers A position is available for a research technician to join the research team beginning 6/1/21. Responsibilities will include carrying out a research project related to the...Jan 16, 2021The Viswanathan lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute uses genomic and cutting-edge genome-scale functional genetic technologies to uncover drivers of genitourinary malignancies, with a specific focus on prostate and kidney cancers. We are in search of a highly motivated and capable Research Technician to join the Viswanathan laboratory. Please visit our Lab's website at: https://viswanathanlab.dana-farber.org Several projects are available, all related to understanding the molecular mechanisms that drive these cancers. There is a particular interest in understanding the role of alternative splicing and/or RNA binding proteins in disease pathogenesis. The overarching aim of projects in the lab is to develop mechanistic insights that can be translated into improved outcomes for patients with genitourinary cancers A position is available for a research technician to join the research team beginning 6/1/21. Responsibilities will include carrying out a research project related to the...Research Technician - Lee LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Lee Lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School is recruiting a highly self-motivated individual to join as a full-time Research Technician. The lab research focuses on the role of gene regulation in development and cancer, specifically at the stage of mRNA translation. The candidate will be involved in both lab management and research activities, using a wide range of techniques including molecular, computational, biochemical, and cell-based approaches. He/she will be expected to work independently with mentorship by a senior researcher in the lab, participate in lab meeting presentations, and be involved in collecting data for publications (with authorship if appropriate). Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and time management skills are essential. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of...Jan 16, 2021The Lee Lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School is recruiting a highly self-motivated individual to join as a full-time Research Technician. The lab research focuses on the role of gene regulation in development and cancer, specifically at the stage of mRNA translation. The candidate will be involved in both lab management and research activities, using a wide range of techniques including molecular, computational, biochemical, and cell-based approaches. He/she will be expected to work independently with mentorship by a senior researcher in the lab, participate in lab meeting presentations, and be involved in collecting data for publications (with authorship if appropriate). Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and time management skills are essential. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of...Research Technician - D'AndreaDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe D’Andrea Lab is looking for a highly motivated individual with research experience to fill the position of a research technician within our group. This position will be responsible for the management of patient samples integral with our development of an organoid biobank and to support of our translational research for key clinical trials. Accuracy and attention to detail is critical in recording both the intake of patient samples and their monitoring. This research technician will support the research activities of the organoid biobank. The position will involve techniques in molecular biology and cell culture, including but not limited to maintaining cell cultures, molecular cloning and protein purification. The research technician will also conduct drug sensitivity measurements and functional assays for DNA Repair and Replication Fork stability on the organoids. This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of a research team focused on studying DNA repair and cancer. Located...Jan 16, 2021The D’Andrea Lab is looking for a highly motivated individual with research experience to fill the position of a research technician within our group. This position will be responsible for the management of patient samples integral with our development of an organoid biobank and to support of our translational research for key clinical trials. Accuracy and attention to detail is critical in recording both the intake of patient samples and their monitoring. This research technician will support the research activities of the organoid biobank. The position will involve techniques in molecular biology and cell culture, including but not limited to maintaining cell cultures, molecular cloning and protein purification. The research technician will also conduct drug sensitivity measurements and functional assays for DNA Repair and Replication Fork stability on the organoids. This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of a research team focused on studying DNA repair and cancer. Located...Research Technician - Chowdhury LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAA highly motivated laboratory research technician is being sought to join a research team that works on cancer genetics and model systems. The ultimate goal of the lab is to translate important principles discovered in the lab into clinical useful diagnostic and therapeutic tools. This individual will work with the PI and a research fellow to perform cutting-edge research with potential impact on cancer treatment. The ability to perform a variety of animal, cellular and molecular biology techniques is essential for this role, as are good organizational and communication skills, ability to work within a team, flexibility and responsibility. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive...Jan 16, 2021A highly motivated laboratory research technician is being sought to join a research team that works on cancer genetics and model systems. The ultimate goal of the lab is to translate important principles discovered in the lab into clinical useful diagnostic and therapeutic tools. This individual will work with the PI and a research fellow to perform cutting-edge research with potential impact on cancer treatment. The ability to perform a variety of animal, cellular and molecular biology techniques is essential for this role, as are good organizational and communication skills, ability to work within a team, flexibility and responsibility. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive...Research Technician (Biology) Kim LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USALocated in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. This position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording...Jan 16, 2021Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. This position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording...Research Technician - Agudo LabDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThis position in the Agudo lab in the Department of Cancer Immunology and Virology will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording results. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with...Jan 16, 2021This position in the Agudo lab in the Department of Cancer Immunology and Virology will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording results. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAHelp Harvard researchers develop a new generation of immuno-oncology drugs The Freeman Lab at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is looking for a highly motivated and dedicated full-time technician to assist in research aimed at developing a new category of immunomodulatory drug. The laboratory has a history of impactful translational work, having discovered PD-L1 and its importance in the immune-evasion of cancer, which enabled the development of drugs such as pembrolizumab, nivolumab, and atezolizumab. The successful candidate will be enthusiastic, self-motivated, dedicated, possess excellent organizational and communication skills, be attentive to detail, and capable of forming productive working relationships with members of the research team. Those with experience or interest in immunology and/or the engineering of biologic therapeutics are encouraged toJan 16, 2021Help Harvard researchers develop a new generation of immuno-oncology drugs The Freeman Lab at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is looking for a highly motivated and dedicated full-time technician to assist in research aimed at developing a new category of immunomodulatory drug. The laboratory has a history of impactful translational work, having discovered PD-L1 and its importance in the immune-evasion of cancer, which enabled the development of drugs such as pembrolizumab, nivolumab, and atezolizumab. The successful candidate will be enthusiastic, self-motivated, dedicated, possess excellent organizational and communication skills, be attentive to detail, and capable of forming productive working relationships with members of the research team. Those with experience or interest in immunology and/or the engineering of biologic therapeutics are encouraged toResearch TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Research Technician position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording results. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical...Jan 16, 2021The Research Technician position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording results. Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Anderson lab is working on cancer immunotherapy. We are seeking a highly-motivated Research Technician who will be responsible for tissue culture work, in vitro cells analysis and assisting lab works, analyses and scientific writing. Primary responsibility includes performing (1) immunology/cell biology related various biological assays, analyzing patients’ samples and tumor-specific effector cells function, (2) molecular biology related to cloning, DNA/RNA extract, and transduction to lentivirus or retrovirus vectors, and assisting with other lab tasks as needed. This involves the skill to work in sterile condition, freezing/thawing primary cells and cell lines, preparation of cells and experiments for screening and validating novel biologically-based drugs. Additional responsibilities include processing patient peripheral blood and bone marrow samples. Expertise in evaluation of drug efficacy studies in animal models, bioinformatics and statistics is helpful. The...Jan 16, 2021The Anderson lab is working on cancer immunotherapy. We are seeking a highly-motivated Research Technician who will be responsible for tissue culture work, in vitro cells analysis and assisting lab works, analyses and scientific writing. Primary responsibility includes performing (1) immunology/cell biology related various biological assays, analyzing patients’ samples and tumor-specific effector cells function, (2) molecular biology related to cloning, DNA/RNA extract, and transduction to lentivirus or retrovirus vectors, and assisting with other lab tasks as needed. This involves the skill to work in sterile condition, freezing/thawing primary cells and cell lines, preparation of cells and experiments for screening and validating novel biologically-based drugs. Additional responsibilities include processing patient peripheral blood and bone marrow samples. Expertise in evaluation of drug efficacy studies in animal models, bioinformatics and statistics is helpful. The...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Fischer Lab in the Department of Cancer Biology seeks a highly motivated individual to join the team as a full-time research technician. Our laboratory is based at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Longwood center and is an affiliate of the Department of Biological Chemistry & Molecular Pharmacology (BCMP) at Harvard Medical School. Our laboratory focusses on structural and chemical biology using a wide variety of approaches to study the pathways and protein complexes involved in the regulation of protein abundance via cellular degradation systems that are often associated with human diseases, including cancer. Combining fundamental mechanistic insights with translational chemical biology research, we are pioneering new therapeutic avenues. This individual will be an important member of our research team and will be centrally involved in assisting various research projects utilizing several techniques that are fundamental to the workflow of the Fischer Lab. In addition to the...Jan 16, 2021The Fischer Lab in the Department of Cancer Biology seeks a highly motivated individual to join the team as a full-time research technician. Our laboratory is based at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Longwood center and is an affiliate of the Department of Biological Chemistry & Molecular Pharmacology (BCMP) at Harvard Medical School. Our laboratory focusses on structural and chemical biology using a wide variety of approaches to study the pathways and protein complexes involved in the regulation of protein abundance via cellular degradation systems that are often associated with human diseases, including cancer. Combining fundamental mechanistic insights with translational chemical biology research, we are pioneering new therapeutic avenues. This individual will be an important member of our research team and will be centrally involved in assisting various research projects utilizing several techniques that are fundamental to the workflow of the Fischer Lab. In addition to the...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThe Research Technician role in Dr. Matthew Meyerson's laboratory will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording results. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. The Meyerson laboratory has pioneered the identification of the genomic alterations that underlie human lung cancer. These discoveries have contributed to the development of novel targeted therapies in the treatment of lung cancer. Despite these advances, many lung cancer patients do not benefit from currently available therapies, necessitating the discovery of new drug targets in this disease. We seek an enthusiastic and highly motivated laboratory technician to assist in our efforts to identify genetic vulnerabilities in lung cancer,...Jan 16, 2021The Research Technician role in Dr. Matthew Meyerson's laboratory will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording results. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. The Meyerson laboratory has pioneered the identification of the genomic alterations that underlie human lung cancer. These discoveries have contributed to the development of novel targeted therapies in the treatment of lung cancer. Despite these advances, many lung cancer patients do not benefit from currently available therapies, necessitating the discovery of new drug targets in this disease. We seek an enthusiastic and highly motivated laboratory technician to assist in our efforts to identify genetic vulnerabilities in lung cancer,...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAThere is an immediate opening for a research technician in Qi group at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to look for exceptional researcher in Chemistry and Chemical Biology field. The Qi lab studies gene regulatory pathways using the emerging discipline of chemical biology. Successful candidates will work with an interdisciplinary team of scientists including medicinal chemists, biochemists, computational biologists, and cancer biologists to develop novel inhibitors of chromatin modifying enzymes, such as methyltransferases, demethylases as well as other epigenetic targets and transcription factors. The successful candidate will perform research that establish fundamental insights to cancer biology using novel small molecule inhibitors to gain mechanistic understanding in cancer therapy. We expect that novel therapeutics for human clinical investigation will emerge directly from these efforts through academic/industry collaborations. Located in Boston and the surrounding...Jan 16, 2021There is an immediate opening for a research technician in Qi group at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to look for exceptional researcher in Chemistry and Chemical Biology field. The Qi lab studies gene regulatory pathways using the emerging discipline of chemical biology. Successful candidates will work with an interdisciplinary team of scientists including medicinal chemists, biochemists, computational biologists, and cancer biologists to develop novel inhibitors of chromatin modifying enzymes, such as methyltransferases, demethylases as well as other epigenetic targets and transcription factors. The successful candidate will perform research that establish fundamental insights to cancer biology using novel small molecule inhibitors to gain mechanistic understanding in cancer therapy. We expect that novel therapeutics for human clinical investigation will emerge directly from these efforts through academic/industry collaborations. Located in Boston and the surrounding...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USAA full-time position is available for a highly motivated research technician to functionally characterize novel mouse models for chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). The laboratory uses a variety of genetic, cell biology, and functional approaches to study murine models of CLL. The technician will be responsible for monitoring and handling mice with CLL, including processing of mouse tissues. This position will also require extensive cell culture, flow cytometry, basic handling of DNA and RNA, including PCR, transfection and retroviral transduction of murine cells, preparation of reagents and media used in lab experiments, operation and maintenance of standard lab equipment; thus, the candidate should have meticulous record keeping skills. Training is available in all procedures; some experience in the above techniques is required. The ideal candidate would have previous mouse handling skills. Strong communication and organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to...Jan 16, 2021A full-time position is available for a highly motivated research technician to functionally characterize novel mouse models for chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). The laboratory uses a variety of genetic, cell biology, and functional approaches to study murine models of CLL. The technician will be responsible for monitoring and handling mice with CLL, including processing of mouse tissues. This position will also require extensive cell culture, flow cytometry, basic handling of DNA and RNA, including PCR, transfection and retroviral transduction of murine cells, preparation of reagents and media used in lab experiments, operation and maintenance of standard lab equipment; thus, the candidate should have meticulous record keeping skills. Training is available in all procedures; some experience in the above techniques is required. The ideal candidate would have previous mouse handling skills. Strong communication and organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to...Research TechnicianDana-Farber Cancer Institute Boston, MA, USALocated in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. This position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording...Jan 16, 2021Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. This position will assist scientists in performing scientific research, development and/or clinical tasks of varying complexity. In general, this position will assist in the set up, operation and maintenance of laboratory instruments and equipment, monitoring experiments, making observations and calculating and recording...Load moreGeneralAbout UsContactTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyEmployersPost JobsLearn MoreLoginSign UpSeekersSearch JobsSign UpScholarshipsBest HospitalsConnectFacebookTwitterLinkedIn© 2021 MedBlast, Inc. All rights reserved."
