"Recruiters | European Job MarketSkip to main contentHomeEJM 2020CandidatesRecruitersResourcesRecruitersREGISTRATIONIf you are a recruiter wishing to interview at EJM Virtual 2020, please fill in this application form.Advertising Positions and Sharing Materials on EconJobMarket.orgEEA's partner organization EconJobMarket.org handles the search listings (job advertisements), the transmission of applications and letters of recommendation, and interview scheduling. Details on how to use EconJobMarket.org are below:To establish a recruiter account, first register as a user at econjobmarket.org and then request the “recruiter” role. Recruiters new to the system can post their first job advertisement for free.Be sure to specify that you are interviewing at the EJM. Note that you can also specify whether you will be interviewing at the ASSA meetings. EJM is used for both meetings and you can make arrangements for the two meetings independently in the system.Recruiters are strongly encouraged to accept applications, or at least letters of recommendation, via the EconJobMarket system. When creating a job posting, there are options to collect all application materials, letters only, or all application materials through a different channel outside of econjobmarket.org.The application form that is received through econjobmarket.org is entirely customizable (including questions and documents to be submitted). There are also templates for standard job searches (junior faculty search, senior faculty search, etc.).Recruiters can easily search and view applications in the econjobmarket.org system, as well as download spreadsheet files of the applicant data and complete application packets. You can also arrange to transfer application data to a separate review system, such as HiRE, Head Hunter, or your own internal personnel system.If you want to go the EJM but do not want to advertise a position, econjobmarket.org will provide a feature that allows you to see the profiles of candidates who will attend and choose to make basic information available.Econjobmarket.org also helps you schedule your interviews. The interview scheduler allows you to specify interview slots for various specialty fields and select the candidates that you want to interview, and then it automatically emails the selected candidates and lets them pick interview slots within your constraints.For more information, please see the information pages at EconJobMarket.org or contact [email protected].© 2021 European Economic Association. All rights reserved.AccessibilityCookie NoticePrivacyTerms & Conditionsfor recruiters this year.In order to help us with our preparations for the virtual EJM, we kindly ask you to send us your application forms by November 20, 2020 This will ensure that we have the time to update our website and ensure candidates have enough time to view who is recruiting on the EJM at the time when they are making their job applications.Interviewing Rooms – How it will work?Recruiters can use the video-conferencing platform of their choice (e.g ZOOM, TEAMS etc). It is our experience in organising virtual events that the best room management would be to create a full day meeting with one link. This would mean that all candidates interviewed on any one day would receive a unique daily link (reducing the workload of the recruiter in managing the interview slots). In the case of ZOOM, in December, the waiting room and / or password becomes a default feature of the platform. We strongly encourage recruiters to set up waiting rooms and create passwords for all candidates to avoid unnecessary disruptions.Ideally, the interviewing rooms of the recruiters will be linked out from the EEA’s bespoke virtual congress platform, where the access to the scientific sessions will be. We hope that by keeping everything together on one platform, we can try to recreate the feel of an ‘in-person’ event. Full details on the technicalities will follow in November.`; $('.js-form-item-contact-email-address').html(content); var content2 = ` Please tick here to accept that you have read the EEA Terms and Privacy Policy:`; $('.js-form-item-please-tick-here-to-accept-that-you-have-read-the-eea-terms-and-').html(content2); }); $('.uk-navbar-toggle-icon').on('click',function(){ $('.uk-navbar-right').slideToggle(); });"
