"RCF MT & Operator Trainee Chemical Syllabus 2020 | Latest Govt Jobs 2021 2022Latest Govt Jobs 2021 2022Govt Jobs 2021 2022 | Govt Jobs in India 2021 2022Latest Govt JobsSyllabusQuestion PaperResultAdmit CardHomeExam PatternRCF MT & Operator Trainee Chemical Syllabus 2020RCF MT & Operator Trainee Chemical Syllabus 202025 June 2020 Tamilanguide Exam Pattern, Syllabus 0RCF MT & Operator Trainee Exam Syllabus 2020 2021 | RCF Management Trainee Chemical, Management Trainee Boiler, Management Trainee Mechanical, Management Trainee Electrical, Management Trainee Instrumentation, Engineer (Chemical) (OBC Backlog) Grade – E1, Officer (Marketing) Grade E1, Asstt Officer (Marketing) Syllabus and Exam Pattern are given on this page. So, candidates who are searching for the RCF Syllabus 2020 they can collect full PDF on this page. RCF MT & Operator Trainee Syllabus plays a prominent role in any exam preparation. Without having RCF MT & Operator Trainee syllabus and Exam pattern nobody can know which subjects to prepare for the examination. You can check all details of RCF Syllabus here. Are you looking for the free download? Then go through this section.RCF MT & Operator Trainee Selection Process:The Selection Procedure of the Exam will be as follows:Online TestTrade Test & Personal InterviewONLINE TEST:Eligible candidates will be required to appear for computer based online objective type test, information for which will be provided in the Admit card.For the positions of Management Trainees, Engineer (Chemical), Officer (Marketing) and Assistant Marketing Officer the online test will be conducted at the centers in cities of Bhopal, Delhi, Lucknow, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Guwahati, Kolkata, Mumbai, Nagpur. Medium of Test will be in Rajbhasha (Hindi) and Englishiii. Operator Trainee (Chemical), Boiler Operator Gr III and Junior Fireman Grade II Officer the online test will be conducted at the centers in cities of Mumbai and Nagpur. Medium of Test will be in Marathi, Rajbhasha (Hindi) and English.No request for change of examination Center will be entertained after final submission of online application form. However, RCF Ltd reserves the right to cancel or add any Center depending upon the response of candidates in that area/Center.The outstation candidates belonging to SC/ST Reserved Category called for Online Written Test will be reimbursed to and fro Rail/ Bus fare (restricted to III Tier AC Class rail for Officers and Bus/Sleeper class Rail fair to the unionized category posts) from the nearest railway station of the correspondence address to the place of Online Written Test by the shortest route on production of necessary receipts.The examination will be conducted online in venues given in the respective call letters.vii. Candidate will appear for the examination at an Examination Center at his/her own risks and RCF will not be responsible for any injury or losses etc. of any nature.viii. If sufficient number of candidates does not opt for a particular Center for “Online” examination, RCF reserves the right to allot any other adjunct Center to those candidates OR if the number of candidates is more than the capacity available for online exam for a Center, RCF reserves the right to allot any other Center to the candidate.The online test for the above mentioned posts will be held on the same day unless it is not possible to conduct the same due to any unforeseen or technical reasons. In case of any mishappening or delay or rescheduling the online test for either or both the post(s) at any or all of the test canters, candidates would be communicated fresh date of online test and no queries will be entertained in this regard. In the event of rescheduling of test or change of any test Center due to unforeseen or technical reasons, candidates would have to make their own arrangement to attend the online test and RCF Ltd shall not be held liable for such a delay/rescheduling of online test.The online test will have two parts, Discipline related and Aptitude related. Duration of test will be ninety minutes. The total number of questions will be 100, each, out of which 50 questions would be from mix of course curriculum of qualifying degree of relevant discipline of two marks each and 50 questions from General English, Quantitative Aptitude, Reasoning & General Knowledge / Awareness of one mark each. There will be negative marking for wrong answer. The level of the domain subject will be as applicable for each post.The exact date of online test shall be communicated to the candidates through admit card to be downloaded from RCF Ltd website www.rcfltd.com xii. Candidates will have to visit the RCF website for downloading call letters for online test. Intimation for downloading call letter will also be sent through email/SMS. Once the candidate clicks the relevant link, he/she can access the window for call letter download. The candidate is required to use (i) Registration Number/Roll Number, (ii) Password/Date of Birth for downloading the call letter. Candidate needs to affix recent recognizable photograph on the call letter preferably the same as provided during registration and appear at the examination Center with (i) Call Letter (ii) Photo Identity Proof as stipulated in clause below and also specified in the call letter and photocopy of the same Photo Identity Proof as brought in original.RCF Ltd will not be responsible for any delay or non-delivery of intimation sent electronically through SMS or e-mail, as the case may be. No other communication will be sent to such candidates for this purpose.PERSONAL INTERVIEW (of Management Trainees, Engineer (Chemical), Officer (Marketing) and Assistant Marketing Officer)Based on the performance of the candidates in the online test, eligible candidates will be provisionally called for personal interview tentatively in the ratio of 1:7 i.e. 7 eligible candidates for 01 post. Interview call letters in respect of such eligible & provisionally shortlisted candidates will be uploaded on RCF Ltd website and such candidates will also be intimated for the same through SMS on their mobile number & through email on their e-mail address as mentioned in their online application form. However, RCF Ltd will not be responsible for any delay or non-delivery of intimation sent electronically through SMS or e-mail, as the case may be. No other communication will be sent to such candidates for this purpose.For appearing for personal interview all outstation candidates will be reimbursed to and fro III tier AC Train / Bus fare (restricted to III Tier AC fare). The reimbursement will be done only for correspondence address mentioned by the candidate in the application form. Mode of reimbursement shall be through transfer to bank account.It may be noted that candidates will be called for personal interview provisionally on the basis of information submitted by them in online application form and their candidature will be considered vis-à-vis eligibility criteria for the post applied for as mentioned in the advertisement. It may be noted that the scrutiny of documents required to ascertain the eligibility criteria will be done before Personal Interview only. Candidates not meeting the eligibility criteria or not in possession of complete requisite original documents will be declared as ineligible and will not be allowed to attend the personal interview and no TA will be paid to them. Further, no queries shall be entertained in this regardTRADE TEST (Operator Trainee (Chemical), Boiler Operator Gr III and Junior Fireman Grade II) :Based on the performance of the candidates in the online test, eligible candidates will be provisionally called for trade test tentatively in the ratio of 1:2 i.e. 2 eligible candidates for 1 post. There will be no personal interview for workmen category recruitment.Call letters for Trade Test in respect of such eligible & provisionally shortlisted candidates will be uploaded on RCF Ltd website and such candidates will also be intimated for the same through SMS on their mobile number & through email on their e-mail address as mentioned in their online application form. However, RCF Ltd will not be responsible for any delay or non-delivery of intimation sent electronically through SMS or e-mail, as the case may be. No other communication will be sent to such candidates for this purpose.For appearing for Trade Test all outstation candidates will be reimbursed to and fro sleeper Class Train / Bus fare (restricted to sleeper class fare). The reimbursement will be done only for correspondence address mentioned by the candidate in the application form. Mode of reimbursement shall be transfer to bank account.It may be noted that candidates will be called for trade test provisionally on the basis of information submitted by them in online application form and their candidature will be considered vis-à-vis eligibility criteria for the post applied for as mentioned in the advertisement. It may be noted that the scrutiny of documents required to ascertain the eligibility criteria will be done before Trade test only. Candidates not meeting the eligibility criteria or not in possession of complete requisite original documents will be declared as ineligible and will not be allowed to attend thetrade test and no TA will be paid to them. Further, no queries shall be entertained in this regard.Description of the Trade Test:Trade Test for Operator Trainee (Chemical): The Trade Test will consist of Practical Job Knowledge and handling of Technical equipment, the allocation of marks will be of 80 Marks and Safety awareness and Computer Knowledge the allocation of marks will be of 20 marks. The total allocation of marks for Trade Test will be 100 marks. The Qualifying Marks for Trade Test will be total 60 marks for General Category and total 55 marks for SC/ST Candidates.Trade Test for Operator Boiler Operator Grade III: The Trade Test will consist of Practical Job Knowledge and handling of Technical equipment, the allocation of marks will be of 80 Marks and Safety awareness and Computer Knowledge the allocation of marks will be of 20 marks. The total allocation of marks for Trade Test will be 100 marks. The Qualifying Marks for Trade Test will be total 60 marks for General Category and total 55 marks for SC/ST Candidates.Trade Test for the post of Junior Firemen Gr II: The Trade Test will include physical endurance test, driving test and physical fitness test as follows:Physical Endurance Test for Junior Fireman Grade II:Ladder Drill: The candidate has to climb extension ladder in 25 seconds.Rope Climbing: the candidate has to climb rope upto the height of 15 feet and then lowering.Running: The candidate has to run a distance of 1500 meters in 09 minutes.Hose Running Drill: The candidate has to do layout full length of Fire Hose and then roll it in 25 seconds.Extinguisher Drill: The candidate has to run a distance of 75 meter with DCP (10 Kg.). Extinguisher in 30 seconds.Rescue Drill: The candidate has to crawl through tunnel of 10 feet length with rope and return back by rescue the casualty (Dummy) by the means of Rope knot in 04 minutesDriving Test: The candidate should have minimum one year of experience of driving Heavy Motor Vehicle. Candidate has to produce relevant documents in this regard. During above Physical Endurance Test, Candidate has to drive Fire Tender with 50 meter forward and reverse movement or as desired by the Trade Test Officer.Physical Standards:The Physical standards are as below:Height: Minimum 167 cmWeight: Minimum 50 KgChest Measurement: Minimum 81 cm and 86 cm on expansion.Physique: NO physical disability, no keen-knock and no flat foot, no orthopedic implantation inside the body.Vision Parameters: Distance Vision: 6/6 without glassesColour Vision: Colour blindness / Night blindness will be a disqualificationHearing Parameters: Normal (Relaxable upto 30 db in speech frequency)The health standards indicated above are minimum pre-requisites. However, appointment of the selected candidates will be subject to their passing the company’s medical examination as per standards laid down under RCF Medical Policy.FINAL SELECTION:Separate merit list will be drawn for UR/SC/ST/OBC/PwBD/EWS candidates with reference to the number of available vacancies for each category. Merit list of suitable candidates shall be prepared on the basis of performance in the online test as well as personal interview / Trade test , with following weightages:In respect of Management Trainees, Engineer (Chemical), Officer (Marketing) and Assistant Marketing Officer:S. No. Parameter Weightage of marks obtained in each parameter1. Online Test 80% (rounded off to 02 decimal places)2. Personal Interview 20% (rounded off to 02 decimal places)Total 100%In respect of Operator Trainee (Chemical), Boiler Operator Gr III and Junior Fireman Grade II)S. No. Parameter Weightage of marks obtained in each parameter1. Online Test 100% (rounded off to 02 decimal places)2. Trade Test for workmen workmen It will of Qualifying nature (Suitable for the post / Unsuitable for the post)Total 100%Candidates are required to qualify in the Online Test and thereafter again in the Personal Interview (for officers) separately with minimum average of 50% marks in interview.iii. (A) In case of officers, total marks (upto two decimals) of two or more candidates after personal interview are same, percentage of marks in the qualifying examination would be considered for drawing up merit list. In case percentage of marks (upto two decimals) are also equal in the qualifying examination, the date of birth of the candidates will be considered for preparing merit list i.e. the candidate born earlier will be considered as senior in the merit list.(B) (i) In case of workmen category for Operator Trainee post, total marks (upto two decimals) of two or more candidates after online test are same, the following criteria will be made applicable to decide the preference/merit of the candidates(a) Percentage of marks in the qualifying examination would be considered for drawing up merit list.(b) In case percentage of marks (upto two decimals) are also equal in the qualifying examination, Date of birth of the candidates will be considered for preparing merit list i.e. the candidate born earlier will be considered as senior in the merit list.(ii) In case of workmen category for Boiler Operator post, total marks (upto two decimals) of two or more candidates after online test are same, the following criteria will be made applicable to decide the preference/merit of the candidatesRCF MT & Operator Trainee Syllabus PDF Download:Here RCF MT & Operator Trainee Syllabus is provided for the candidates preparing for Exam. Candidates those who have applied for RCF MT & Operator Trainee Recruitment 2020 can use this syllabus helps you to give your best in the MT & Operator Trainee Exam. The RCF Syllabus topics mentioned below. The standard syllabus for RCF MT & Operator Trainee Exam isClick Here for RCF MT & Operator Trainee Syllabus PDF DownloadExam PatternRCF Exam Pattern 2020RCF Management Trainee Chemical Selection Procedure 2020RCF Management Trainee Exam Pattern 2020RCF Management Trainee Syllabus 2020RCF Syllabus 2020SyllabusPreviousRajasthan Postal Circle Recruitment 2020 3262 GDS PostsNextRCF Recruitment 2020 393 MT & Operator Trainee PostsRelated ArticlesExam Pattern	IBA Manager Syllabus & Exam Pattern 2019	18 June 2019 Tamilanguide 0Exam Pattern	CISF Head Constable (GD) Syllabus 2019	16 November 2019 Tamilanguide 0Exam Pattern	MAHADISCOM Trainee Syllabus & Exam Pattern 2019	3 August 2019 Tamilanguide 0Be the first to comment	Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published.CommentName *Email *WebsiteLatest PostsCMDA Chennai Junior Assistant Syllabus 2020BARC Recruitment 2021 63 Stipendiary Trainee Posts | Online Application FormBARC Stipendiary Trainee & Scientific Assistant Syllabus 2021Aavin Cuddalore Recruitment 2021 14 SFA & Technician PostsECIL Recruitment 2021 19 Technical Officer PostsCopyright © 2021 | MH Magazine WordPress Theme by MH Themes"
