"Salem University recruitment, August 2012(http://www.salemuniversity.edu.ng) - August 2, 2012JOBZILLA ☰JobsSubscribePost JobJob descriptions Sample Templates How to do it yourself Words and Meanings Interview questions and answersJobs > Full Time > Salem University recruitment, August 2012(http://www.salemuniversity.edu.ng)Salem University recruitment, August 2012(http://www.salemuniversity.edu.ng)Aug 2, 2012, 11:22 AMSalem University recruitment, August 2012(http://www.salemuniversity.edu.ng)Salem University is a unique private University that is committed to raising generational global leaders who will combine intelligence with integrity and vocational competence with Godly character.In pursuit of Transformational Academic Revolution (TAR), the University uses The Total Leadership Training Concept (TLTC) to equip its graduate to become wealth creators and nation builders.Location: Lokoja, Kogi StateWHO WE WANTEnterprising and dedicated staff committed to raising generational global leaders that will combine intelligence with integrity 'and professional/vocational competence with moral and Godly character.SALARY: Salem University operates SUASS which is equivalent in value and structure to CONUASS 11 in Federal and some State University System.Several positions are vacant(Professors, Associate Professors, Senior Lecturers, Lecturer I, Lecturer 11, and Assistant Lecturers)For Lecturer I and above:A minimum of PhD with 3-15 years experience, and relevant publications in relevant disciplines.Assistant Lecturers - Lecturer 11:A minimum of MSc or MA with 1-3 years experience, and relevant publications in relevant disciplines (forLecturer 11).Vacancies exist in the following Colleges:1. College of Peace & Social Sciences.i. Accountingii. Business Administrationiii. Criminology and Security Studiesiv. Economicsv. International Relations & Diplomacyvi. Peace & Development Studies2. College of Information & Communication Technologyi. Computer Scienceii. Information Technology3. College of Natural & Applied Sciencesi. Biochemistryii. Geologyiii. Microbiology3. Libraryi. University librarianAs the head of Library, the Librarian is responsible to the VC for the development of the University library system including the main Library, College and Departmental libraries.Qualification and Experience:A good Honour degree and a post graduate qualification preferably doctorate in Library Science with at least 15 years post graduate experience, 10 years of which should be in senior management position of the University, or similar institution of higher learning/comparable Establishments. The candidate must be well published in recognized and reputable journals as well as being e-library compliant. This is a post of professorial ranking.WHAT YOU NEED TO DO .1. Choose any of the above positions that matches your competence; write a letter stating your claims for the position applied for and demonstrating how you work strategically to achieve results, form professional relationships to getting the job done and communicating effectively with colleagues at work and external stakeholders.2. Address it to the Registrar together with ten (10) copies of your Resume/CV which should include among other things the following vital information:Name, Place of Birth, Date of Birth, Nationality, State of Origin, LG.A, Religion, Sex, Marital Status, Contact Address, Phone, E-mail, Hobbies Educational Background with Qualifications & Dates, Membership of relevant Professional Bodies, Working Experience, starting with present employment and salary, NYSC/Discharge Certificate3. Names and addresses of three (3) Referees (One of whom must be your spiritual mentor) requesting them to forward reference reports on you.Method of ApplicationAll applications should be sent to:The Registrar,Salem University,PMB 1060, Lokoja,Kogi State, Nigeria.NOTE: Closing date is two weeks from date of publication / 23rd August, 2012.Edr D. A. ITODORegistrar and Secretary to CouncilContactSALEM UNIVERSITYKm 16, Lokoja-Alaokuta Rd, PMB 1060, Lokoja, Kogi Statee-mail: info@salemuniversity.orgWebsite: www.salemuniversity.edu.ngSimilar JobsHead of Support Services at Danish Refugee CouncilResearch Supervisor (Molecular Breeding) at International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA)Ongoing recruitment at ipNX Nigeria LimitedQuantity Surveyor at Avant Facilities Services LimitedCountry Sales Lead at Bolt (formerly Taxify)Office Assistant at Health FunctionsGraduate Research Assistant in a Book Club in LagosBusiness Development Officer at Bellforte ConsultingJob Vacancies at Idmibok International (360HSDC)Content Curator (Remote) at Qarallax Nigeria LimitedSubscribe to Free Job Alerts!Being aware and applying for jobs on time increases your chances of getting a job. Information is key. Subscribe to our free job alertsEnter your email below and click subscribe.Full Time Education and TrainingJobzilla Nigeria © 2021. All Rights Reserved.About | Contact | Privacy Policy"
