"Jobs | NOVA Job BoardFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeSign inSign upFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs6 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchSkilled Trade / Craft Business Development Sales / Business Development (excluding Retail) Marketing / PR / Advertising Automotive Purchasing-Procurement Entry Level Management Full timeRefine by CategoriesEngineering (4) Construction (1) Customer Service (1) Facilities (1) Government (1) Health Care / Medical (1)Other (1) Project / Program Management (1)MoreRefine by CityRemote (6)Email me jobs like thisSoftware Sales - Property & Casualty InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Software Sales - Life InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Software Sales - HealthcareUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Business Development RepresentativeUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Business Development Representative Team Manager / LeadUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Senior Product Marketing ManagerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. With cutting-edge Conversational AI and robotic process automation technologies, Ushur enables insurance, healthcare and financial service firms to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based and and powered by AI, Usher helps teams build truly automated and omni-channel experiences through our cutting-edge no-code platform. Fueled by our customer’s need to modernize and a growing demand for self-service customer experiences, we are experiencing unprecedented and exciting growth, with endless opportunities to make a positive, lasting impact for our customers! The Role We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Product Marketing to join our product team and have a direct impact on establishing Ushur as the leader in the Enterprise Automation Platform category. In this role, you will lead the GTM positioning, messaging and programs to drive awareness, and growth. You must...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. With cutting-edge Conversational AI and robotic process automation technologies, Ushur enables insurance, healthcare and financial service firms to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based and and powered by AI, Usher helps teams build truly automated and omni-channel experiences through our cutting-edge no-code platform. Fueled by our customer’s need to modernize and a growing demand for self-service customer experiences, we are experiencing unprecedented and exciting growth, with endless opportunities to make a positive, lasting impact for our customers! The Role We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Product Marketing to join our product team and have a direct impact on establishing Ushur as the leader in the Enterprise Automation Platform category. In this role, you will lead the GTM positioning, messaging and programs to drive awareness, and growth. You must...Load moreJob BoardHomeTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsEmployerSign inLog outSocial MediaTwitterLinkedInFacebookNOVA is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Copyright © 2017 NOVA© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
