"Claim Free Flare Network x Ripple on AirdropJob Now | AirdropJobFlare Network x Ripple Airdrop8.50TokensEst. value$TBDEnds in0 days leftShare this airdrop on social media:InstructionsRequired tools:Flare Network Airdrop Fork is worth 45 Billion Spark tokens (FLR) that will be distributed to Ripple (XRP) holders who set their accounts to receive the Spark token (FLR) in their XRP Ledger (XRPL) accounts. This may result in valid claimants receiving more than 1 Spark token for each XRP token that they hold.There are a few groups that are completely excluded from the distribution. These are Jed McCaleb and accounts that are known to have received XRP as a result of fraud, theft and scams. A 1 Bn XRP cap is set on any group of XRP accounts known to belong to the same individual.How to join:1. Visit the Flare Network Airdrop announcement page, and read carefully.2. You need to hold XRP token on the 12th December 2020, 00:00 GMT.3. A Snapshot will be taken of all XRP Ledger addresses at a specific ledger index number. The first validated XRP ledger with a timestamp greater than or equal to 00:00 GMT on 12th December 2020.4. The right to claim the 45 Billion Spark tokens will then be apportioned to each remaining address according to their proportional XRP balance in the snapshot. This may result in valid claimants receiving more than 1 Spark token for each XRP token that they hold. Further Information: Spark Token Distribution. Spark tokens that are not claimed 6 months after the date of the snapshot will be burned.5. The method of claiming the Spark token is simply to set the Message Key field on your XRP Ledger address to your Flare address. This process is detailed in this article. To claim Spark you must do this by 6 months of the snapshot date.6. If your XRP is held at an exchange, you may need to take some actions within the exchange website/app itself. If you are a customer of a supporting exchange, then your exchange has indicated publicly that they will distribute Spark tokens pro-rata to their customers based on their XRP holdings. If your exchange is not listed at that link, then you should assume for now that your exchange will not be participating.Important: Flare addresses are ''NOT'' on the Ethereum blockchain. However, Flare uses the Ethereum Virtual Machine for smart contracts. Flare addresses are Ethereum style addresses that use the same key derivation scheme.Advice: The easiest method is to simply send your XRP coins to a supported exchange. Claiming the Spark tokens with Ledger is quite technical and could be risky- Recommended: Join our Telegram channel to receive new airdrops!JOIN THE AIRDROPVISIT AIRDROP WEBSITEMore about Flare Network x RippleFlare Network is a distributed network running the Avalanche consensus protocol adapted to Federated Byzantine Agreement and leveraging the Ethereum Virtual Machine. It can thus be leveraged as a scaling method for smart contract networks without relying on economic safety mechanisms. The absence of a link between network safety and the native token, the Spark, allows for greater flexibility as to how the native token can be used. The Spark Dependant Application model provides a blueprint for building applications on the Flare Network. This relies on three components: Spark used as collateral, Spark used to contribute to the Flare Time Series Oracle providing on-chain data estimates and Spark used as a participation token in governance schemes. XRP is a digital asset built for payments. It is the native digital asset on the XRP Ledger, an open-source, permissionless and decentralized blockchain technology that can confirm transactions through a unique “consensus” mechanism that consumes negligible energy.Share this airdrop on social media:Recommended Airdrops you should joinSwaprol$ 20 estimated valueStater$ TBD estimated valueCarrotSwap$ 250 estimated valueBolt Yield$ 10 estimated valueBlog | MyAirdropSite.com © All Rights Reserved | Submit an AirdropTerms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertisers disclosure | Disclaimer | Cookie Policy"
