"Employ Nevada Vets Jobs - Shift Manager in Las Vegas, Nevada, United StatesEmploy Nevada Vets JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (16,280)Job InformationMcDonald's Shift Manager in Las Vegas, NevadaThis job posting is for a position in a restaurant owned and operated by an independent franchisee and not McDonald’s USA. This franchisee owns a license to use McDonald’s logos and food products, for example, when running the restaurant. However, this franchisee is a separate company and a separate employer from McDonald’s USA. If you are hired for the job described in this posting, the franchisee will be your employer, not McDonald’s USA. Only the franchisee is responsible for employment matters at the restaurant, including hiring, firing, discipline, supervisions, staffing, and scheduling employees. McDonald’s USA has no control over employment matters at the restaurant. McDonald’s USA will not receive a copy of your employment application and it will have no involvement in any employment decisions, including whether you receive an interview for the job or whether you are hired.Description:McDonald's Works for Me.I’m going places. I want a satisfying career with good benefits and great opportunities for advancement. I have a lot to offer and I want to grow.The Job for Me – Get a job that inspires your best and moves you forward. Choose your hours. Pursue your education. Build your skills and be yourself.The Team for Me – Our people want to say YES — to working with energy and purpose, finding new talent, providing coaching and direction, honing their leadership skills, and helping to run a business that serves up delicious food and feel-good moments. Does this sound like you? You’ll fit right in.The Company for Me – From here, you can go further than you thought possible. Reach your goals and build your future with college tuition assistance, valuable job training, and retirement benefits.Let’s talk. Make your move.Requirements:Managers lead shifts every week, making sure customers get a fast, accurate, friendly experience every visit. A Shift Manager provides leadership to crew and other managers during a shift to ensure great Quality, Service and Cleanliness to customers.Shift Managers perform a variety of tasks, which may include planning for each shift, monitoring performance during the shift, taking action to ensure the team is meeting McDonald’s standards, monitoring safety, security, and profitability, and communicating with the next Shift Manager to help prepare him/her to run a great shift, too. Shift Managers may also be responsible for meeting targets during their shifts and for helping their assigned Departments meet their goals.As a Shift Manager, you may be responsible for:• Food Safety• Internal Communication• Inventory Management• Daily Maintenance and Cleanliness• Managing Crew• Quality Food Production• Exceptional Customer Service• Safety and Security• Scheduling• TrainingPrevious leadership experience is preferred, ideally within a restaurant, retail or hospitality environment. We’re looking for positive team players with a flexible schedule who like to have fun, with the passion to work the famously fast paced McDonald’s environment. You must be 18 years or older to be a manager in our corporate owned and operated restaurants.Additional Info:Along with competitive pay, a Shift Manager at a McDonald’s Corporate owned restaurant is eligible for incredible benefits including:• 15-25 days paid vacation• 10 paid holidays and 8-week sabbatical every 10 years• Education through Archways to Opportunity including opportunities to earn a High School degree, college tuition assistance and English classes as a second language• Medical, dental and vision coverage• Pre-tax flexible spending accounts• Short- and Long-Term Disability, life and accident insurance• Paid Leaves of Absence• Service awards• Employee Resource Connection• Adoption Assistance• Matching gifts programThis job posting contains some information about what it is like to work in a McDonald’s restaurant, but it is not a complete job description. People who work in a McDonald’s restaurant perform a number of different tasks every day, and this posting does not list all of the essential functions of this job.By applying to this position, I understand that I am applying to work at a restaurant that is owned and operated by an independent franchisee, not McDonald’s USA. I understand that this franchisee is a separate company and a separate employer from McDonald’s USA. Any information I provide in this application will be submitted only to the independent franchisee, who is the only company responsible for employment matters at this restaurant. I recognize that the independent franchisee alone will make all decisions concerning employment matters, including hiring, firing, discipline, supervision, staffing and scheduling. By applying for a job at a franchisee operated restaurant, I understand that the information I provide will be forwarded to the franchisee organization in order for that organization to reach out to me and process and evaluate my application. I acknowledge that McDonald’s USA will not receive a copy of my employment application and will have no involvement in any employment decisions regarding me, including whether I receive an interview or whether I am hired to work for the franchisee. I understand that I need to contact the franchise organization for information about its privacy practices.Requsition ID: PDXMC795FEE95-930C-4390-9B9B-F453EE73C2C7McDonald's Corporation and McDonald's USA, LLC (the \"Company\") are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, including any corporate-owned restaurant, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting.supportteam@us.mcd.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company or at a McDonald’s corporate-owned restaurant to which you are applying.McDonald's and its franchisees are taking proactive steps in response to the COVID-19 outbreak to ensure the safety in our restaurants across all communities. Our values of quality, service, and cleanliness continue to guide us. We're following direction from the CDC, state, and local governments and adhering to our deep cleaning procedures in every restaurant, every day. We also fully support employees who stay home from work if they are feeling sick. Read more about the ways we are prioritizing health at https://news.mcdonalds.com/news-releases/news-release-details/prioritizing-health-safety-and-community-mcdonalds-shares.McDonald's and its franchisees are always looking for top candidates and encourage you to apply online. If you have any questions, please first call the restaurant as this will help the restaurant comply with any social distancing guidelines or other compliance obligations. For corporate roles, please proceed to the online application, or if you already applied, contact supportteam@us.mcd.comsupportteam@us.mcd.com. There may be a short delay in response time while we continue to monitor the impacts of COVID-19. We sincerely thank you for your continued trust in the Golden Arches.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaShift ManagerLas VegasNevadaClear AllPublic Meetings Press Releases/Media Workforce InvestmentBoards/Commissions Nevada JobConnect Nevada WorkforceFor questions specific to your UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE CLAIM,please click on the address listed below, type your question or concern, and press SEND:InternetHelp@nvdetr.orgReport Unemployment Insurance FraudNevada Department of Employment, Training & Rehabilitation2800 E. St. Louis Ave. Las Vegas, NV 89104500 East Third Street - Carson City, NV 89713General Info: (775) 684-3849 - FAX: (775) 684-3850 - TTY: (775) 687-5353E-mail Us Questions or CommentsEqual Opportunity Employer/ProgramAuxiliary aids and services available upon request for individuals with disabilities.TTY (800) 326-6868 or Nevada Relay 711DETR is a proud partner in theNevada JobConnect SystemNevada DETREconomic Recovery"
