"Employ Nevada Vets Jobs - Delivery Lead in Reno, Nevada, United StatesEmploy Nevada Vets JobsWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (16,287)Job InformationOracle Delivery Lead in Reno, NevadaThis senior director position is responsible for an increasingly diverse practice based upon complexity of the customers, the solutions, and the dollar value of the practice. Directs business operations and resources of a given practice that can be defined by industry, service line, technology center, specialty area or region. Accountable for managing the three main pillars of a practice: people management, portfolio/delivery management and sales enablement. Has profit and loss responsibility or financial/expense management of practice.Accountable for operational/financial metrics and overall business results of practice. Responsible for setting and driving strategic direction, ensuring profitable growth of the practice, quality of consulting delivery, and maintaining customer referenceability. Actively develops new approaches and opportunities for expanding customer base. Creates and implements operational processes to drive consistency and support achievement of practice business strategy. Responsible for cultivating Oracle cross-functional communications through the creation and maintenance of strategic relationships with other lines of business which may include Product Development, Product Marketing, Support, Consulting Sales, and License Sales. Interacts with executive levels both internal and external regarding matters that influence policies and strategies. Assesses and manages business risk in pursuit of overall business goals. Accountable for managing and growing a substantive revenue stream and customer base. Manages and leads through management team and/or senior level individual contributors. Resolves staffing issues for very complex engagements. Identifies, leads, or oversees the development of customer-facing business solutions and offerings that have an impact on the market. May serve as advisor or project sponsor role for complex engagements.Directs and ensures the implementation of operational policies through subordinate managers Interacts internally and externally with executive management involving negotiation of difficult matters to influence policy. Bachelor*s Degree in Computer Sciences or Business or equivalent. Balance of advanced technical skills, functional knowledge, client consultative skills and operational management experience. Has 4 years of consulting services senior management experience with P & L responsibility and at least 10-15 years consulting or industry experience. 12 years of experience relevant to this position including 4 years of consulting management experience with financial management responsibility. Direct line Management experience including project, people, customer, financial management preferred. Second-level Management experience preferred; proficient at managing managers and large teams. Product, technology or industry expertise relevant to the practice focus. Ability to develop and maintain relationships at the executive level. Proficient in using selling and negotiation techniques and tools. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Ability to travel as necessary.Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.Delivery LeadOracle’s mission is to help people see data in new ways, discover insights, and unlock endless possibilities.At Oracle North America Applications Consulting, we’re building the bridge between Oracle’s innovative technology and the people who use it to achieve incredible things.Our team focuses on North American based clients using our back office cloud applications. Our resources are primarily located in North America and India. We’re growing fast, and we need transformational leaders ready to bring their unique skills, energy, and creativity to help us continuously innovate how we deliver world-class client experiences on cloud applications projects.Delivery Leads are focused on the successful delivery of our cloud implementations. These seasoned delivery leads play an integral role in the adoption of Oracle cloud applications, confirming we have wildly successful clients, and ensuring our clients are Oracle champions – serving as references in the market.As a Delivery Lead for some of our largest engagements, you will be responsible for the end-to-end delivery of our engagements. To succeed in this role, you must have a passion for client success, bolstered by the project management chops needed to confirm the successful delivery of your programs.We are looking for change agents with established records of leading large-scale cloud delivery; people who measure success in terms of lifetime client enablement. You find joy in connecting the dots between people, processes, and technology. You take pride in your ability to manage expectations and provide transparency as you guide clients from their current state to their future state.A skilled utility industry practitioner who knows how to reinvent Energy Retail & Customer Services in the new digital world and provide our utility clients with industry solutions and services.Specifically, you will be responsible for:Participating in new deal pursuits and helping us grow our business.Confirming that projects are implemented successfully and within the original deal construct (i.e., revenue and margin).Building strong relationships with Oracle North America Applications (NAA) sales and product development, working collaboratively with them to address client needs throughout the delivery of our programs.Developing long-lasting client relationships, proving yourself as a trusted advisor who our clients can depend on.Developing and coaching the people around you to excel in their role, achieving great things for the career, our business, and our clients.Collaborating with your colleagues to create thought leadership and to improve the way we deliver in the market.The life of a Delivery LeadClient focusWe need seasoned cloud delivery professionals who deliver world class implementations – finding the right balance between delivery rigor and discipline and creating an exceptional customer experience. They spend the majority of their time with the client, at their location, focused solely on their client, and the project work at hand.LeadershipYou will be a key member of our executive team, engaging with NAAC leadership regularly as you deliver our most complex and impactful programs.You will have the opportunity to shape our team, playing an active role in recruiting, people development, and programs we run to engage and develop our people.You will be one of the faces of our business – you will provide thought leadership, engage in our client facing events (Oracle Open World, Modern Business Experiences, Customer Visit Center presentations, etc.).You will help us imagine the art of the possible – help us dream up what we aren’t thinking about – new assets, better delivery approaches… and help our clients do the same.How you will be measuredDelivered RevenueDelivered Deal MarginClient SatisfactionClient Net Promoter Score (NPS)At Oracle Consulting, we believe:The attributes of modern cloud businesses demand new ways of thinking: more human-centered and experienced-based approaches.Cloud technology should free people from bureaucracy and hierarchy and empower them to analyze and solve problems independently.Aligning people, processes, and technology to the overall business strategy—with empathy and creativity—transforms industries.Celebrating each employee’s contributions—not just their skills on paper, but who they really are—cultivates an environment where our people are engaged, believe in our vision, and are fiercely committed to creating game-changing results for our clients.You are:An out-of-the-box thinker always looking for new approaches and solutions. You enjoy rolling up your sleeves and tackling challenges with a hands-on approach. You’re interested in technology, but you recognize it’s not the only factor that determines success in the cloud. You have a passion for client success across the lifecycle-building relationships that blossom into trusted partnerships one decision at a time. You know the key to delivering exceptional customer experiences lies in your ability to apply industry knowledge, providing relevant and dynamic insights to each client you serve. You’d much rather listen, ask questions, and engage in candid conversations to design innovative solutions. Entrepreneurial-minded, you have sound judgement and can navigate complexity. You are a highly collaborative team-player who can navigate different personalities, work well with others, and share lessons learned and knowledge gained from project experience. You take ownership of your individual success as well as those around you, modeling integrity and accountability with colleagues and clients.You are a skilled utility industry practitioner who knows how to reinvent Energy Retail & Customer Services in the new digital world and provide our utility clients with industry solutions and services.JoinNAAC-V-HCMJob: *ConsultingOrganization: *OracleTitle: Delivery LeadLocation: United StatesRequisition ID: 200015LRApply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaDelivery LeadRenoNevadaClear AllPublic Meetings Press Releases/Media Workforce InvestmentBoards/Commissions Nevada JobConnect Nevada WorkforceFor questions specific to your UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE CLAIM,please click on the address listed below, type your question or concern, and press SEND:InternetHelp@nvdetr.orgReport Unemployment Insurance FraudNevada Department of Employment, Training & Rehabilitation2800 E. St. Louis Ave. Las Vegas, NV 89104500 East Third Street - Carson City, NV 89713General Info: (775) 684-3849 - FAX: (775) 684-3850 - TTY: (775) 687-5353E-mail Us Questions or CommentsEqual Opportunity Employer/ProgramAuxiliary aids and services available upon request for individuals with disabilities.TTY (800) 326-6868 or Nevada Relay 711DETR is a proud partner in theNevada JobConnect SystemNevada DETREconomic Recovery"
