"FAQs - Lineage Logistics - OnShift Employ Applicant Tracking SystemYour browser is out-of-date!Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now×Lineage JobsFAQsBenefits OverviewConnect with UsJoin our Talent NetworkCurrent OpeningsEmail or UsernamePasswordForgot password?It looks like you haven't setup your account yet. We sent you an email with instructions to login.Send EmailFrequently asked questionsI submitted my application online. How do I know you got it and what do I do next?The moment you click 'submit', we’ve got it. Make sure you continue through the other pre-hire documents. If you are not sure there were additional documents, CLICK HERE to learn where to find them. The next step is an HR representative will evaluate your submission and may invite you to the next step in the hiring process. Watch your e-mail!I forgot my password.From the careers home page, select 'Forgot Password?\" link. Enter the email address you used when you applied and the system will send you an email with password reset instructions. Follow the instructions in the email to log back in.Didn't receive an email? Please check your junk mail or spam folder.Password not strong enough?Passwords are a minimum of 8 characters. We recommend at least one capital letter and one number. Special characters are acceptable.No common words or variations of your name will be accepted.No consecutive numbers (ie: 1234 9876)How do I add information to the application I just signed and submitted?From your Dashboard, click on the job title of the application you need to update. On the right side, click the pencil icon next to Employment Application. (If you have more than one application submitted, you will need to update them individually.) Click here for a Step-by-Step guide.Sent an offer letter?You must login to your application Dashboard to Accept the Offer and complete additional post-offer forms.How do I Accept the Offer?I was only able to select one location or one position to submit my application but I would like to be considered for other locations. Do I need to fill out additional applications to be considered for other locations or positions?Sort of. Whenever you select an additional position, you'll be directed to log in. After you do, you'll be taken to the online application. But you'll find that all of the information you entered before is saved. Review the information and check its accuracy. Then, select NEXT to advance through the application. You'll need to do this for all the pre-hire forms, but since all of the information is already saved, it doesn't take very long.May I simply come in and submit my resume?No. If you stop by, we'll have a computer set up for you to enter your application and to go through the various steps in our process.May I have someone else complete my application?If you need someone's help to complete the application, that's up to you. But bear in mind that when you digital sign the application, you are swearing that the information was provided by you and you have read the disclaimer. Your digital signature is as legally binding as your physical signature.Technical SupportEmail (support@onshift.com) or call us (1-866-342-4280)Application Reminder? I thought I finished my applicationCOMPLETE APPLICANT SUPPORT SELF HELPCurrent OpeningsLineage Logistics is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, race, color, veteran status, religion, sex, or national origin.Privacy Policy Terms of UseOnShift Employ ©2021 powered by OnShiftThis site requires JavaScript for full functionality. See instructions to enable JavaScript in your browser"
