"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesOther 1234 Retail 1216 Professional Services 929 Health Care 891 Installation - Maint - Repair 887 Education 886Nonprofit - Social Services 886 Engineering 94 Defense 67 Management 65 Construction 57 Business 44 Accounting 33 Science 11 Sales 10MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 18 Intern 1Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 3 $40,000 - $75,000 1 $75,000 - $100,000 3 $100,000 - $150,000 2 $150,000 - $200,000 2Information Technology (IT) Government Nurse Distribution - Shipping Supply Chain Architecture Manufacturing Automotive Veterinary Services Pennsylvania958 jobs foundJan 18, 2021DevOps Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $150,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/758D1ov7CN/Devops-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. Carnegie Robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Embedded Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA Featured$90,000 - $165,000 yearlyCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: http://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Cloud Engineer Pittsburgh, PA, USA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/sAoG44WA5Z/Cloud-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. As a cloud...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA, USA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Manufacturing Test Engineer Pittsburgh, PA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/k1YpAOQ2Ui/Manufacturing-Test-Engineer Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for analyzing product performance and requirements and designing test processes and/or equipment as necessary to ensure the highest possible quality of product is delivered to CRL customers. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Electrical Engineer Pittsburgh, PA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/Zlpgk41M7Y/Electrical-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that find land mines, clean floors, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. We are...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 22, 2021Alzheimer's Disease Reimbursement Manager, Eastern PennsylvaniaBiogen Job DescriptionEngage and work strategically with C-Suite and/or business decision-makers, relevant HCPs, and support personnel of potential sites of care to deliver information that facilitates patient access and reimbursement for Biogen's Alzheimer's therapy. Act as the subject matter expert on all aspects of reimbursement, procurement options and both public and private payer policy coverage determination criteria.* Work closely with the account administration stakeholders and therapy site of care accounts to support pull-through, including discussion around dosing requirements and administration.* Educate prescribers and site of care accounts on procurement requirements and options for procurement to identify potential opportunities to improve administration.* Establish active communication and liaise with Alzheimer's Account Liaison and Patient Service teams on all related procurement, reimbursement, and account access and reimbursement management issues and ensure...Professional Diversity Network Allentown, PA, USAJan 21, 2021Chief of Staff DoctorSUMMARY OF JOB PURPOSE AND FUNCTION The primary purpose and function of the Chief of Staff is to manage the hospital and ensure the highest quality of veterinary care, exceptional client service, associate engagement and maximum productivity of the veterinary medical team. This position advocates for pets and their quality of life; builds a long term bonding relationship with clients; contributes to the development and maintenance of the human-pet bond; educates clients and hospital associates on all aspects of pet health. The Chief of Staff partners with the Practice Manager (if applicable) to operate an effective and productive veterinary medical team, ensure a safe and engaging hospital environment, and improve both the medical quality and business performance of the hospital. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS The ratio of time spent on leadership duties and practicing veterinarian responsibilities will vary depending on the hospital situation; the Chief of Staff must...Banfield Pet Hospital Pittsburgh, PA, USAJan 20, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001579Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stroudsburg, PA 18360, USAJan 20, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 001579Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Stroudsburg, PA 18360, USAJan 19, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 000560Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital North Wales, PA 19454, USAJan 18, 2021Software Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/job_20161219181748_IXHKKTZQCBYIDJZI/Software-Engineer?source=INDE Carnegie Robotics is seeking creative, energetic and driven Software Engineers with strong hands-on development skills to work on a variety of interesting and challenging robotics perception and control projects. This position provides the opportunity to join a team of talented veterans in the robotics field and program advanced sensors and autonomous robots from the ground up. The ideal applicant for this position has brains, creativity, and strong experience developing and testing software for robotics and/or sensing applications. We seek candidates who take pride in building solid, rigorously tested systems. Experience and interest in production-level coding and testing methods is a plus for this position. Responsibilities and Duties Create software for robotics...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Technical Program Manager Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/SX304bAxJz/Technical-Program-Manager As a Technical Program Manager, you will be collaborating with an energetic and motivated, multi-disciplinary team to develop reliable robotic and automation systems for a wide range of real-world commercial products and R&D applications. You will serve as interpreter of many languages: translating technical details to customers and expressing the customers’ needs to your technical team. You will provide the technical guidance needed to move a project from the concept phase, through prototype development, and into production. This requires a unique skill set involving systems engineering, risk and requirements management, in coordination with customer facing program management skills. The Technical Program Manager has the responsibility to move from planning and management to hands-on technical...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Senior Quality Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/Je85PCjJSN/Senior-Quality-Engineer Senior Quality Engineer Executive Summary Carnegie Robotics, LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures and supports highly reliable robotics systems and components. Customers rely on our rugged line of 3D cameras, positioning systems and embedded computers to tackle tough computer vision problems and to serve as the key building blocks for their mobile robotics solutions. OEMs partner with us to develop and deliver custom sensors and robotic platforms that provide dramatic new capability and differentiation to their product lines. Job summary Reporting to the Chief Manufacturing office this position will lead all quality activities within manufacturing...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Manufacturing Test Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/k1YpAOQ2Ui/Manufacturing-Test-Engineer Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for analyzing product performance and requirements and designing test processes and/or equipment as necessary to ensure the highest possible quality of product is delivered to CRL customers. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Electrical Engineer Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/Zlpgk41M7Y/Electrical-Engineer Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that find land mines, clean floors, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is challenging, exciting work, and we are committed to building the company culture and diverse team that will allow our continued success. We are...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Diesel & Hydraulic Mechanic II Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/JoRHqfesgj/Diesel-Hydraulic-Mechanic-II Urgently Hiring Fantastic opportunity for a career pivot, high starting pay rate, and great benefits! Carnegie Robotics Carnegie Robotics builds custom robotics systems for government and industry. We also manufacture and sell rugged robotics components that allow other organizations to develop their own robots. We’re small enough to have many of the benefits of working for a startup, but we have a very broad customer base, making us more stable and recession-proof than most organizations our size. We are developing and deploying cutting edge technology in robotics, perception, and machine learning. Many of our development efforts go on to have real-world impact in robots that clean floors, find land mines, enable the development efforts of other organizations, and much more. This is...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Engineering Technician United States Pittsburgh, PACLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/4B9gDWVOLe/Engineering-Technician Job Title: Engineering Technician Executive Summary Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for assembly, testing, and troubleshooting electromechanical product. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be required to problem solve, applying electrical and mechanical...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 18, 2021Manufacturing Engineer Internship Spring & Summer 2021 - Pittsburgh, PAManufacturing Engineer Internship Carnegie Robotics, LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures and supports highly reliable robotics systems and components. Customers rely on our rugged line of 3D cameras , positioning systems and embedded computers to tackle tough computer vision problems and to serve as the key building blocks for their mobile robotics solutions. OEMs partner with us to develop and deliver custom sensors and robotic platforms that provide dramatic new capability and differentiation to their product lines. Carnegie Robotics seeks outstanding students for our internships and co-ops. We view internships as excellent opportunities for us to learn about future potential full-time hires while also contributing to students' education and their understanding of work practices in an engineering setting. Many of our interns...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA InternJan 18, 2021Software Engineer Internship Spring & Summer 2021 Pittsburgh, PACarnegie Robotics seeks outstanding students for our internships and co-ops. We view internships as excellent opportunities for us to learn about future potential full-time hires while also contributing to students' education and their understanding of work practices in an engineering setting. Many of our interns return annually and take on ever more challenging tasks. We accept college junior, senior, masters and PhD level students. In all cases we expect to see excellent grades, work ethic and a strong desire to accomplish goals. We pay well and will push you well beyond your comfort zone. Application Process: For the spring internship click here: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/HHKA6SW7T8/2021-Spring-Software-Engineer-Internship-Coop For the summer internship click here: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/D7geaO890h/2021-Summer-Software-Engineer-Internship Software Engineering Interns will be treated as junior engineers on...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeJan 16, 2021Veterinary Assistant - 000572Veterinary Assistant Careers at Banfield Pet Hospital For those who want to put their love of pets into action, there are few jobs more rewarding than that of Vet Assistant. While working closely with other pet health care professionals at Banfield, you'll have the chance to advocate for pets and educate clients on all aspects of pet health. In addition, if your goal is to advance in your career, you'll have access to a variety of learning and development opportunities along the way. Job Description Summary: The Veterinary Assistant is a key member of the hospital team who supports and assists the veterinarians and veterinary technicians, ensuring the safety of pets, clients and other associates, and the continuity of quality veterinary care. PreferredEducation/Licenses: Certificate of completion from a NAVTA-approved veterinary assistant program or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities....Banfield Pet Hospital Warminster, PA 18974, USALoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
