"AP Police Constable (Mechanics & Drivers) Recruitment 2016 for 159 Vacancies in PTOHomeBankingInsuranceRailwaysUPSCState Govt JobsCentral Govt JobsResultsEntrance Tests10th class/SSCIntermediate/Higher SecondaryAdmit CardsAP Police Constable (Mechanics & Drivers) Recruitment 2016 for 159 Vacancies in PTONo Comments |AP Police Constable Recruitment Notification 2016: One more 2016 Recruitment notification was released by AP State Level Police Recruitment Board and this notification released on 1st September 2016. This AP Police Recruitment Notification is for the posts of Constable (Mechanics) and Constable (Driver) in Police Transport Organization. The total number of vacancies available in this recruitment as per the official notification is 159 Constable Posts. AP State Level Police Recruitment Board is inviting all the Indian Male candidates to apply for this recruitment through online; the online application will be available from 13th September 2016 in the official website of SLPRB of AP http://recruitment.appolice.gov.in. The candidates who are interested in this recruitment of AP Police first check out the required eligibility criteria of the post before going to proceed for applying for this recruitment. After getting idea about the notification, the candidates who are eligible and also interested can apply for this recruitment through online on or before 13th October 2016. Here we explain the essential information related to AP Police Recruitment Notification 2016 for 159 Constable (Mechanics & Driver) Posts in Police Transport Organization.Vacancies Details:Organization/Department: AP Police Transport OrganizationPost Name: Stipendiary Cadet Trainee Police Constable (Mechanics & Drivers)No. of Vacancies: 159 Posts (Mechanics – 25 Posts, Drivers- 134 Posts)Stipend & Allowance: During the training period Stipend is given and Stipend is fixed by the Government.Pay Scale: Rs. 16,400/- to Rs. 49, 870/- (After Completion of Training)Eligibility Criteria: This recruitment is for Men only and the remaining eligibility criteria of the candidate to apply for this constable post recruitment of AP Police are as given below and the candidates who possess higher qualification than the required minimum qualification can also apply for this recruitment.1) Educational Qualifications: the minimum required educational qualifications of the candidate for these constable posts are (Considered as on 1st July 2016)For Police Constable (Mechanics):- Must have passed SSC or its equivalent recognized by the State Government.- Must possess an Industrial Training Institutional Certificate in Wireman or Mechanic Motor or Mechanic Diesel or Fitter.For Police Constable (drivers):- Must have passed intermediate Examination or its equivalent examination recognized by State Board of Intermediate Board.(OR)SSC or its equivalent examination recognized by State Government and must possess an Industrial Training Institutional Certificate in Auto Electrician or Mechanic Motor Vehicle or Mechanic Diesel or Fitter.- Must possess Light Motor Vehicle License Continuously for a period not less than 2 years as on notification issued. (1st Sep 2016)2) Age Limits: Age is considered as on 1st July 2016 and upper age relaxation is applicable as per government rules. Here are the basic details without upper age relaxationFor Police Constable (Mechanics):Minimum Age – 18 YearsMaximum Age – 24 YearsFor Police Constable (drivers):Minimum Age – 18 YearsMaximum Age – 27 YearsNote: The age Limits for a person, who is Local to Andhra Pradesh and also working as Home Guard in AP police department for a minimum duration of 360 Days within a period of 2 years and still continuing his service are 18 years to 32 years.3) Physical Standards:Height: Must not less than 162 cmsChest: Must not less than 84 cms round chest on full inspiration with a minimum expansion of 4 cmsFor The Candidates Belonging to ST and Aboriginal tribes in the agency areas of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, East Godavari and West Godavari Districts:Height: Must not less than 160cmsChest: Must not less than 80cms round chest on full inspiration with a minimum expansion of 3 cmsMedical Standards:i) Eye Sight: Each eye must have a full field of vision.Distance Vision – 6/6 for both eyesNear Vision – 0/5 for both eyesii) The candidate should possess sound health and be free from any bodily defect or infirmity which will render him unfit for police service.iii) Physically Handicapped/ Knocking-knees, Pigeon chest, flat foot, Vericose veins, Hammer Toes, fractured limbs, decayed teeth, Stammering, hard of hearing and abnormal psychological behavior candidates will not be consider for recruitment.Application Fee: Application fee details of this recruitment isOC/BC candidates – Rs. 300/-SC/ST candidates – Rs. 150/-How to Pay the Application Fee:1. Visit any of Mee Seva (e-Seva)/AP Online/TS Online Centers.2. Pay the Application Fee by providing the Basic details like Name, Father’s Name, Date of Birth, Mobile Number, Community and SSC Hall Ticket Number or its equivalent.3. Pay the Fee amount by quoting the Notification number Rc. No. 247/R&T/Rect.2/2016 in favor of Chairman, State Level Police Recruitment Board, Andhra Pradesh.4. After Payment they will give the Fee Receipt.How to Apply:1. Firstly Pay the Application Fee at any center of Mee Seva (e-Seva)/AP Online/TS Online.2. After getting the fee Receipt, The candidate needs to visit the AP Police Recruitment Board website http://recruitment.appolice.gov.in.3. In that select PCs (Mechanics) & (Drivers) in PTO Link given under Latest Jobs.4. Select the Submit Application link related to PCs (Mechanics) & (Drivers) in PTO notification.5. Online Application Form window will be opened, Fill the form carefully.6. After Successful submission of online application, Download the application/take a print of the application.Selection Procedure: Selection procedure is of four phases and the first two phase are common for both Police constable posts and the details of the phases of this recruitment process is as given below. The candidate need to qualify in first 3 phase of the recruitment process and the candidates who qualify in these all three phases are eligible to attend the final phase that is the written examination. The final selection is based on the merit of the candidate in the written examination that is the 4th phase of selection process. After short listing the candidates based on their merit they need to participate in Verification of Original certificates, antecedents and Medical Examination. After completion of all these tests the recruitment board will be announced/released the finalized candidates list in their official website http://recruitment.appolice.gov.in.PhasesPolice Constable (Mechanics)Police Constable (Drivers)Phase -IPhysical Measurement Test (PMT)Phase – IIPhysical Efficiency Test (PET)Phase – IIITrade test: 100 Marks(Conducted by Police Transport Organization, Road Transport Corporation & Road Transport Authority)Driving Test: 100 Marks(Conducted by Police Transport Organization, Road Transport Corporation & Road Transport Authority)Phase - IVFinal Written Examination: 200 Questions for 200 Marks and time Duration is 3 HoursTechnical Paper (Objective type Questions)Trade & Driving Test Results:Driving Test and Trade Test results are released on 25th February 2017. The candidates who were participated these tests of AP Police Constable (Drivers & Mechanics) Recruitment can check their result status of Trade test and Driving test. Go through the below given links to download the Qualified candidates list of Police Constable (Mechanics) and Police Constable (Drivers) posts in Police Transport Organization. The Final written exam will be held on 19th March 2017 for those candidates who were qualified and Hall Tickets for Final Written Exam will be available from 9th March 2017.Driving & Trade Test Qualified candidates of AP PCs (Mechanics & Drivers) Recruitment 2016-17Qualified Candidates list of AP Police Constable (Mechanics) Trade & Driving test 2016-17Qualified Candidates list of AP Police Constable (Drivers) Trade & Driving test 2016-17Important Dates:Online applications are opened from 13th September 2016 at 10 AM.Closing date of online applications is 13th October 2016 at 5 PM.PMT, PET and Trade & Driving tests will be held from 7th November 2016 at 6th Battalion, APSP, Mangalagiri, Vijayawada.Call letters for PMT, PET, Trade & Driving tests will be available from 27th October 2016.Final Written Exam will be held on 19th March 2017.Call Letters for Final Written Exam will be available from 9th March 2017.Official NotificationChanged Upper Age limitsOnline Application LinkProvisional Selection List of AP PCs (Drivers & Mechanics) 2016-17 Recruitment for 159 VacanciesAP Police Transport Organization Recruitment Notification 2016, Police jobs, State Govt Jobs0 comments:Post a commentFollowersSearch HereCustom SearchFollow us on FacebookGovt Jobs & ResultsPopular PostsAP SI (Communications) & ASI (Finger Print Bureau) Recruitment 2016 for 28 VacanciesPMT/PET Schedule & Call letters of AP Police Constable (Civil/AR) & Warders Recruitment 2016AP Police Constable (Communications) Recruitment 2016 for 494 Vacancies in Technical wingSelected Candidates list/Results of Odisha Postal Circle GDS Recruitment 2017 indiapost.gov.inIndia Post Gramin Dak Sevak (BPM/Packer/MD/MC) Recruitment 2017 for 20969 VacanciesPunjab Police Recruitment 2016 for 430 Sub-inspector (Men & Women) posts in District Police cadreIOCL Western Region Recruitment 2020 for 500 Technical & Non-Technical Apprentices www.iocl.comCopyright © Govt Jobs and Results"
