"analyst – Bahrain Visa JobsSkip to contentBahrain Visa JobsMenuAll JobsChef Jobs in BahrainCleaner Jobs in BahrainHospitality Jobs BahrainHotel JobsWaiter jobsCategory: analystComplex Analyst-Revenue Management – Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain – Bahrain City CentreOn: March 5, 2020 By: adminAPPLY HEREJob Number 20020924Job Category Revenue ManagementLocation Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain| Bahrain City Centre| Manama|Bahrain| BahrainBrand Le MeridienSchedule Full-timeRelocation? NoPosition Type Non-Management/HourlyStart Your Journey With UsAt Le Meridien| we believe in helping guests unlock the unexpected andengaging experiences each destination has to offer. Our guests are curious andcreative| cosmopolitan| culture seekers that appreciate sophisticated|timeless service. We provide original| chic and memorable service andexperiences that inspire guests to unlock the destination. We’re looking forcurious| creative and well-informed people to join our team. If you appreciateconnecting with like-minded guests and have a deep desire to create unexpectedexperiences| we invite you to explore career opportunities with Le Meridien.Assist in the management of rooms inventory to maximize cluster rooms revenue|as well as maintain accuracy of information and enhance automation efforts inreservation system. Assist in the preparation of competitive analysis andother supporting documents for presentation at market sales strategy meetings.Assist in managing room authorizations| rates| and restrictions| includingcommunicating rate restrictions and strategy to properties. Perform allRevenue Management month end reporting and auditing and provide forwardlooking information for the purposes of forecasting| targeting need areas andbalancing financial expectations. Accurately generate| process and update allproperty and market Revenue Management reports and serve as primary source formajority of reporting and analytical needs of the Revenue Management team.Assist with system maintenance including but not limited to| inputting ratehurdles| monitoring forecasted demand| updating group forecasting and runningdaily system checks. Assist with training of new associates as necessary onrevenue management tools. Assist in the implementation of hotel salesstrategies in the reservation and inventory systems.Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personalappearances are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality ofproprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge allguests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests’ serviceneeds; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clearand professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette.Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; listen andrespond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with qualityassurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information ina variety of formats; move| lift| carry| push| pull| and place objectsweighing less than or equal to 15 pounds without assistance; stand| sit| orwalk for an extended period of time. Perform other reasonable job duties asrequested._Category: analyst, employment, hotels, jobs, systems analyst	Complex Analyst-Revenue Management – Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain – Bahrain City CentreOn: February 15, 2020 By: adminAPPLY HEREJob Number 20020924Job Category Revenue ManagementLocation Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain| Bahrain City Centre| Manama|Bahrain| BahrainBrand Le MeridienSchedule Full-timeRelocation? NoPosition Type Non-Management/HourlyStart Your Journey With UsAt Le Meridien| we believe in helping guests unlock the unexpected andengaging experiences each destination has to offer. Our guests are curious andcreative| cosmopolitan| culture seekers that appreciate sophisticated|timeless service. We provide original| chic and memorable service andexperiences that inspire guests to unlock the destination. We’re looking forcurious| creative and well-informed people to join our team. If you appreciateconnecting with like-minded guests and have a deep desire to create unexpectedexperiences| we invite you to explore career opportunities with Le Meridien.Assist in the management of rooms inventory to maximize cluster rooms revenue|as well as maintain accuracy of information and enhance automation efforts inreservation system. Assist in the preparation of competitive analysis andother supporting documents for presentation at market sales strategy meetings.Assist in managing room authorizations| rates| and restrictions| includingcommunicating rate restrictions and strategy to properties. Perform allRevenue Management month end reporting and auditing and provide forwardlooking information for the purposes of forecasting| targeting need areas andbalancing financial expectations. Accurately generate| process and update allproperty and market Revenue Management reports and serve as primary source formajority of reporting and analytical needs of the Revenue Management team.Assist with system maintenance including but not limited to| inputting ratehurdles| monitoring forecasted demand| updating group forecasting and runningdaily system checks. Assist with training of new associates as necessary onrevenue management tools. Assist in the implementation of hotel salesstrategies in the reservation and inventory systems.Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personalappearances are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality ofproprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge allguests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests’ serviceneeds; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clearand professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette.Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; listen andrespond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with qualityassurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information ina variety of formats; move| lift| carry| push| pull| and place objectsweighing less than or equal to 15 pounds without assistance; stand| sit| orwalk for an extended period of time. Perform other reasonable job duties asrequested._Category: analyst, employment, hotels, jobs, systems analyst	Other CountriesJobs in AUSTRALIAJobs in USAJobs in DUBAIJobs in SINGAPOREJobs in CANADASearchCategoriesaccountancyadministrationanalystauditorbanquetbar workbellmanbookkeepercateringchefcleanerclericalconciergeconsultantdesignerdirectordishwashere-commerceelectricianelectronicsemploymentenergyengineeringentertainmentfinancefitnessfood and beveragefront deskguardguest servicehospitalityhotelhotelshousekeepingHRinformation technologyinternetjobslaundryloss preventionmaintenancemanagermarketingmassagemechanicmediamedicalnurseoil and gaspainterplumberproject managerreceptionistrecreationrepairrepair manreservationsrestaurantrestaurantssalessecuritysoftwarespastewardsupervisorsystems analysttechniciantelephonetherapytrainingUncategorizedwaiterAll rights reserved © Bahrain Visa Jobs	Powered by WordPress	Theme by SEOS"
