"Truck Driver @ WalmartTruck DriverWalmart Washington Court House, OHApply on Company SiteAbout the JobJob Description:WALMART TRANSPORTATION is Hiring CDL-A Drivers in the Grove City, OH Area! Walmart wants to help you find your place – a stress-free, flexible work environment where drivers are treated with respect. A place where a well-deserved break with family balances out the hours you log on the road. Where highly competitive pay and smart benefits fit your way of life. This is that place. This is Walmart. And we have immediate openings for full-time drivers. If you’re looking to find a home on the road, join the Walmart Transportation team today.What You’ll GetOur drivers enjoy a great balance between work and life, as well as top pay. As a professional truck driver with Walmart, you can enjoy the following benefits:• Average $87,500 or the Equivalent of $0.89 per Mile in Year 1• Activity, Training, and Mileage Pay from Day 1• Quarterly Safe Driving Bonuses• No Loading or Unloading Freight• Home Once a Week as Well as Reset Hours Not Spent on the Road• Medical Plan Benefits That Start on Day 1• Additional Life Insurance, Dental, Vision and Pharmacy Benefits Offered• Option to Enroll in Our 401K Plan and Stock Purchase Program• Opportunity to Earn Up to 21 Paid Days Off in Your First YearThe number one reason our drivers leave is retirement – our turnover is one of the lowest in the industry! Don’t miss out on this great opportunity. Review our minimum qualifications and apply today!Qualification:• An Interstate (Class A) Commercial Driver's License with Hazmat endorsement (including cleared background check) or will obtain HAZMAT endorsement (with cleared background check) within 120 calendar days of date of hire.• A minimum of 30 months experience working in a full-time Class A tractor/trailer driving position in the previous 3 years.• No more than two (2) moving violations while operating a personal or commercial motor vehicle in the last three (3) years.• No serious traffic violations while operating a commercial motor vehicle in the last three (3) years.• No DUI, DWI, OUI, or reckless driving involving alcohol/drugs convictions within the last ten (10) years.• No preventable accidents* while operating a commercial motor vehicle in the last three (3) years.• No preventable* DOT recordable accidents (collisions resulting in disabling damage and/or immediate medical treatment away from the scene) while operating a commercial motor vehicle in the last ten (10) years.• No preventable accidents* resulting in a fatality or catastrophic injury in driving history (commercial motor vehicle).The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.Apply on Company Site© 2021 Appcast, Inc | 1 (800) 570-5430"
