"CASY-MSCCN Jobs - Interstate Batteries, Inc. Warehouse Team Member I in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, United StatesCASY-MSCCN JobsMILITARY, NATIONAL GUARD, AND VETERAN JOB SEEKERSMILITARY SPOUSE AND CAREGIVER JOB SEEKERSEMPLOYERSWhatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryMilitarymilitary job title or codeHome View All Jobs (2,408,539)Job InformationInterstate Batteries, Inc. Warehouse Team Member I in Doylestown, PennsylvaniaOur mission is to be a trusted workplace for team members to be their whole selves at work. A company that people love and positively impacts the lives of all whom we touch.be your best selfAt Interstate Batteries, you have the chance to be excellent at work and excellent at life. We know that professional success depends on personal wellbeing. That's why we want to enrich your life with the tools and services you need to succeed in every area of your life. Join us!Purpose of Job:Provide a well -stocked and organized warehouse and assist Route Sales Managers.Job Components: *Load and unload batteries *Restock batteries *Charge, clean, date and rewrap rotations *Charge, test, clean, and date adjustment batteries *Maintain a safe and clean warehouse environment *Accurately maintain warehouse reporting and claims *Operate a forklift and maintain a current certification *Run the Hot Shots on a timely basis as needed Qualifications: *Minimum 1 year warehouse experience preferred *Written, interpersonal and verbal communication skills *Strong time management skills and able to work under pressure *Knowledge of carrier operations, shipment routing and distribution methods *Knowledge of state, federal and interstate commerce regulations *Computer skills *Understanding of hazardous shipping laws and requirements *Current, valid state driver's license *Ability to operate motor vehicles Scope Data: *Frequent independent judgment and decision making *Shared responsibility of inventory valued at $500,000 - $3.0 million *Shared responsibility for process flow of 1.0 - 13.0 million pieces shipped per year out of the warehouse Work Environment: *Regularly required to use hands to grasp or handle, talk and hear, stand and walk. *Specific vision abilities include close vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. *Ability to occasionally lift and/or move 70+ lbs. *Exposed to battery warehouse conditions such as exposure to moving equipment mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals. Note: We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.Interstate Batteries provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Interstate Batteries complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.Interstate Batteries expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Interstate Batteries' employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.Apply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaInterstate Batteries, Inc.Warehouse Team Member IDoylestownPennsylvaniaClear AllHome | Contact | Privacy Statement©2004-2013 Military Spouse Corporate Career Network. All Rights Reserved."
