"Jobs in Indianapolis | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs29 jobs found in IndianapolisRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisImplementation Analysticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAWhat does a great Implementation Consultant do? • Provide onboarding support to client institutions and processors to ensure customer expectations are exceeded. • Coordinate directly with customers and multiple internal teams to understand card program set up requirements and facilitate new card program installations, conversions and maintenance requests without customer impact. • Report customer project accomplishments and deliverables to management. • Review and approve card program changes and trend opportunities for department development. • Manage non-routine, complex processing and change requests. • Act as the Project Lead for various initiatives - both internal and external - using Project Management best practices and skills. • Proactively identify operational opportunities to increase service quality or efficiency. • Build and enhance positive working relationships with key client institutions, processors and internal stakeholders. • Assess operational opportunities to...Jan 27, 2021What does a great Implementation Consultant do? • Provide onboarding support to client institutions and processors to ensure customer expectations are exceeded. • Coordinate directly with customers and multiple internal teams to understand card program set up requirements and facilitate new card program installations, conversions and maintenance requests without customer impact. • Report customer project accomplishments and deliverables to management. • Review and approve card program changes and trend opportunities for department development. • Manage non-routine, complex processing and change requests. • Act as the Project Lead for various initiatives - both internal and external - using Project Management best practices and skills. • Proactively identify operational opportunities to increase service quality or efficiency. • Build and enhance positive working relationships with key client institutions, processors and internal stakeholders. • Assess operational opportunities to...IAM Security Analysticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USARequired Skill Deep understanding of SailPoint IdentityIQ. Development and configuration experiences of SailPoint various modules (e.g. audit, compliance, lifecycle, service account). Deep understanding of risk based authentication and methodology. Design and integration of active directory. IAM Engineer automating processes in their SailPoint tools using PowerShell scripting Need to be able to code in PowerShell and SQL Support TL role for internal security applications Saviynt, OIM 11g, RSA FIM 4.1 RSA AXM 6.2. Design and deploy custom forms, approval work flows, connections in Saviynt IDM for access request and provisioning. Development of new forms in OIM for business systems and development of provisioning and de-provisioning mechanism. Deploy SSO services to internally hosted applications by configuring Clear Trust agent on the application web layer. Deploy Federated SSO by configuring RSA FIM for externally hosted application through SAML 2.0 OpenID. Establish SAML hand shake...Jan 27, 2021Required Skill Deep understanding of SailPoint IdentityIQ. Development and configuration experiences of SailPoint various modules (e.g. audit, compliance, lifecycle, service account). Deep understanding of risk based authentication and methodology. Design and integration of active directory. IAM Engineer automating processes in their SailPoint tools using PowerShell scripting Need to be able to code in PowerShell and SQL Support TL role for internal security applications Saviynt, OIM 11g, RSA FIM 4.1 RSA AXM 6.2. Design and deploy custom forms, approval work flows, connections in Saviynt IDM for access request and provisioning. Development of new forms in OIM for business systems and development of provisioning and de-provisioning mechanism. Deploy SSO services to internally hosted applications by configuring Clear Trust agent on the application web layer. Deploy Federated SSO by configuring RSA FIM for externally hosted application through SAML 2.0 OpenID. Establish SAML hand shake...IAM Analysticrunchdata Network Castleton, Indianapolis, IN 46250, USAProject task gathering, tracking, reporting Assist with Identity and Access Mgmt tasks o will include user provisioning and assisting with research relating to access clean up. The user will need to have high attention to detail, extremely organized, ability to keep up in a fast paced environment, ensure following our policies and procedures. Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply. Company Profile: Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill...Jan 27, 2021Project task gathering, tracking, reporting Assist with Identity and Access Mgmt tasks o will include user provisioning and assisting with research relating to access clean up. The user will need to have high attention to detail, extremely organized, ability to keep up in a fast paced environment, ensure following our policies and procedures. Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply. Company Profile: Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill...Senior Director Informaton Technology Customer Solutions and Supporticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAThe Opportunity: Leads the development, implementation, governance, support, and lifecycle management of strategic frameworks, methods, and operations involved in the delivery of exceptional and differentiated IT services to external North American Diagnostic customers across multiple servicing functions. Partners with Customer Executives, Commercial Sales teams, Solution design and architecture teams, field support organizations, contracting, marketing, legal, and other commercial leaders to support the implementation of strategic initiatives and services that ultimately meet the needs of Diagnostics customers. Will lead an organization of technical experts in the areas of Middleware solution design; IT development and delivery operations; technical customer escalation support; Strategic customer IT theory of operations, architecture and advanced solution consulting; and Consultative Product and customer lifecycle management. These services will support each clinical diagnostic...Jan 27, 2021The Opportunity: Leads the development, implementation, governance, support, and lifecycle management of strategic frameworks, methods, and operations involved in the delivery of exceptional and differentiated IT services to external North American Diagnostic customers across multiple servicing functions. Partners with Customer Executives, Commercial Sales teams, Solution design and architecture teams, field support organizations, contracting, marketing, legal, and other commercial leaders to support the implementation of strategic initiatives and services that ultimately meet the needs of Diagnostics customers. Will lead an organization of technical experts in the areas of Middleware solution design; IT development and delivery operations; technical customer escalation support; Strategic customer IT theory of operations, architecture and advanced solution consulting; and Consultative Product and customer lifecycle management. These services will support each clinical diagnostic...Director, Information Technology Salesicrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAThe Opportunity: The IT sales Director is responsible for setting the strategic vision for the IT sales organization. A national role responsible for leading IT sales leaders to successfully execute key activities for customer engagement, pre-implementation and implementation of IT solutions. Provides strategic account direction aligned with the Core Lab senior leadership team This individual will own the relationships with internal stakeholders within Sales, Marketing, Support and Global teams. Focused on achieving national growth goals aligned to the organizational priorities. Success in coaching and developing team skills and knowledge. This is a field based role - the territory is National US. Job Facts: Manages a sales leaders responsible for leading the IT sales team Coaching and developing core competencies of IT sales team Focused on key strategic accounts that align with national priorities Achieve financial metrics and organizational goals Actively participates in ICP...Jan 27, 2021The Opportunity: The IT sales Director is responsible for setting the strategic vision for the IT sales organization. A national role responsible for leading IT sales leaders to successfully execute key activities for customer engagement, pre-implementation and implementation of IT solutions. Provides strategic account direction aligned with the Core Lab senior leadership team This individual will own the relationships with internal stakeholders within Sales, Marketing, Support and Global teams. Focused on achieving national growth goals aligned to the organizational priorities. Success in coaching and developing team skills and knowledge. This is a field based role - the territory is National US. Job Facts: Manages a sales leaders responsible for leading the IT sales team Coaching and developing core competencies of IT sales team Focused on key strategic accounts that align with national priorities Achieve financial metrics and organizational goals Actively participates in ICP...Project Management Analysticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USATo get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. Job CategoryFinance and OperationsJob Details About the Position The Project Analyst M Integration, Finance Operations role is within Salesforce's M Finance team. This team is comprised of professionals in the CFO organization who are responsible for partnering with Corporate Development and our global Finance and Operations teams on acquisitions. The role includes supporting a portfolio of Finance Operations integrations, working with cross-functional Lead to Cash and IT stakeholders on integration strategy and timing, assisting in implementing interim operating rules, transition, communications/change management & enablement activities with Sales and our Core Revenue Operations team. While the position reports directly to the Manager, M Finance, he/she will partner with members across the organization. This is an excellent...Jan 27, 2021To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. Job CategoryFinance and OperationsJob Details About the Position The Project Analyst M Integration, Finance Operations role is within Salesforce's M Finance team. This team is comprised of professionals in the CFO organization who are responsible for partnering with Corporate Development and our global Finance and Operations teams on acquisitions. The role includes supporting a portfolio of Finance Operations integrations, working with cross-functional Lead to Cash and IT stakeholders on integration strategy and timing, assisting in implementing interim operating rules, transition, communications/change management & enablement activities with Sales and our Core Revenue Operations team. While the position reports directly to the Manager, M Finance, he/she will partner with members across the organization. This is an excellent...Business System Analysticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAJOB TITLE: Systems AnalystJOB SUMMARY:This position is expected toprovide the analytical and organizational skills to execute the accomplishmentof system enhancements and application software implementation. The jobrequires the understanding and documentation of business processes,identification of process improvements, gathering and documentation ofrequirements, envisioning of business applications design to meet requirementsand process optimization and assistance with the implementation of enhancementor implementation projects using SDLC/Agile processes including issue logging,testing management.ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIESMap business processes and system data flows using tools like Visio with the view of representing existing and envisioned business processes for the purpose of application system implementation or enhancementsGather system requirements and document them using application software implementation documentation standards. Setup or configure system...Jan 27, 2021JOB TITLE: Systems AnalystJOB SUMMARY:This position is expected toprovide the analytical and organizational skills to execute the accomplishmentof system enhancements and application software implementation. The jobrequires the understanding and documentation of business processes,identification of process improvements, gathering and documentation ofrequirements, envisioning of business applications design to meet requirementsand process optimization and assistance with the implementation of enhancementor implementation projects using SDLC/Agile processes including issue logging,testing management.ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIESMap business processes and system data flows using tools like Visio with the view of representing existing and envisioned business processes for the purpose of application system implementation or enhancementsGather system requirements and document them using application software implementation documentation standards. Setup or configure system...Research Business Control Analyst Iicrunchdata Network Castleton, Indianapolis, IN 46250, USASummary Perform assigned functions within Correspondence & Research in a timely and accurate manner, while ensuring compliance with all state, federal and investor guidelines. Duties may include, but are not limited to, reviewing loans based on investor requirements, reviewing and responding to quality control reviews and processing exception reports. In addition, the Jr Analyst is expected to assist with special projects and provide support where required as volumes and needs dictate. Essential Job Functions: Research accounts noted on quality control reviews as out of standard/policy exceptions and provide information needed to respond in a timely manner. Provide information/documentation necessary to refute the observation or identify the root cause and suggest corrective action(s)For selected processes, review a population of accounts for adherence to established standards and timeframes. Document research and findings, providing recommendations for exception at the account...Jan 27, 2021Summary Perform assigned functions within Correspondence & Research in a timely and accurate manner, while ensuring compliance with all state, federal and investor guidelines. Duties may include, but are not limited to, reviewing loans based on investor requirements, reviewing and responding to quality control reviews and processing exception reports. In addition, the Jr Analyst is expected to assist with special projects and provide support where required as volumes and needs dictate. Essential Job Functions: Research accounts noted on quality control reviews as out of standard/policy exceptions and provide information needed to respond in a timely manner. Provide information/documentation necessary to refute the observation or identify the root cause and suggest corrective action(s)For selected processes, review a population of accounts for adherence to established standards and timeframes. Document research and findings, providing recommendations for exception at the account...Business Analyst Digital Strategyicrunchdata Network Castleton, Indianapolis, IN 46250, USASummary: Freedom Mortgage is seeking a driven, creative, collaborative individual to join our team as a Business Analyst. The ideal candidate will be responsible for leading the servicing Salesforce and chat related projects and serve as subject matter expert. The Business Analyst will have a high-level understanding of applicable business systems, industry and investor requirements. This role will be key in providing business and user analysis of critical processes and applications along with championing constant improvement within the Servicing business unit. In addition, this individual will actively participate in process and systems analysis while considering the implications to the current and future business environment. Essential Job Functions: Serve as the subject matter expert in all Servicing Salesforce and chat systems and projects Participates in requirements gathering, design workshops to understand applications’ functionality and support requirements Works with...Jan 27, 2021Summary: Freedom Mortgage is seeking a driven, creative, collaborative individual to join our team as a Business Analyst. The ideal candidate will be responsible for leading the servicing Salesforce and chat related projects and serve as subject matter expert. The Business Analyst will have a high-level understanding of applicable business systems, industry and investor requirements. This role will be key in providing business and user analysis of critical processes and applications along with championing constant improvement within the Servicing business unit. In addition, this individual will actively participate in process and systems analysis while considering the implications to the current and future business environment. Essential Job Functions: Serve as the subject matter expert in all Servicing Salesforce and chat systems and projects Participates in requirements gathering, design workshops to understand applications’ functionality and support requirements Works with...SAP Supply Chain Management Senior Managericrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAJob DescriptionWe Are:Accenture’s SAP practice, and we bring the New to life using design thinking, agile development methodologies, and the latest smart tech like IoT, automation, and AI. We even built myConcerto, a mix of SAP and Accenture that helps lead our clients to big wins. Ready to learn as much as you can? We train our people on \"new\" SAP like SAP Leonardo, S/4HANA and Cloud, and we offer classes and support through our 50,000 member community. It’s also nice to know our hard work doesn’t go unrecognized. We’ve got over 70 SAP awards—more than any other partner—and we’re the leading business partner for SAP SuccessFactors, SAP Ariba, SAP Hybris, SAP FieldGlass, SAP Concur, and more. Visit us here to find out more about Accenture's SAP practice.You Are:An SAP transformation maestro with tons of experience helping clients meet the challenges of digitization. You’re in your element using your supply chain know-how and boss-level creative and analytical powers to solve...Jan 27, 2021Job DescriptionWe Are:Accenture’s SAP practice, and we bring the New to life using design thinking, agile development methodologies, and the latest smart tech like IoT, automation, and AI. We even built myConcerto, a mix of SAP and Accenture that helps lead our clients to big wins. Ready to learn as much as you can? We train our people on \"new\" SAP like SAP Leonardo, S/4HANA and Cloud, and we offer classes and support through our 50,000 member community. It’s also nice to know our hard work doesn’t go unrecognized. We’ve got over 70 SAP awards—more than any other partner—and we’re the leading business partner for SAP SuccessFactors, SAP Ariba, SAP Hybris, SAP FieldGlass, SAP Concur, and more. Visit us here to find out more about Accenture's SAP practice.You Are:An SAP transformation maestro with tons of experience helping clients meet the challenges of digitization. You’re in your element using your supply chain know-how and boss-level creative and analytical powers to solve...Senior Application Support Engineericrunchdata Network Traders Point, Indianapolis, IN 46278, USAAbout Our Candidate: We are seeking a dynamic, passionate, enthusiastic, and innovative Application Support Engineer with a hands-on experience who truly enjoys supporting, maintaining, and developing elegant solutions. You will be critical in helping our team embrace the transition to a new micro-service architecture by enabling the team to focus on development while providing daily support and critical feedback for the end user experience. Reporting to the Manager of the Operations and Support at PAR, you will be responsible for supporting multiple applications utilized by PAR North America agents and partners. This role includes reviewing and prioritizing requests; understanding business processes and functions; troubleshooting issues within the code and database and identifying the root cause of the issue; analyze the risks and relationships between functional groups of the systems while working on code and data patches; creating a code or SQL patch, testing the changes, and...Jan 27, 2021About Our Candidate: We are seeking a dynamic, passionate, enthusiastic, and innovative Application Support Engineer with a hands-on experience who truly enjoys supporting, maintaining, and developing elegant solutions. You will be critical in helping our team embrace the transition to a new micro-service architecture by enabling the team to focus on development while providing daily support and critical feedback for the end user experience. Reporting to the Manager of the Operations and Support at PAR, you will be responsible for supporting multiple applications utilized by PAR North America agents and partners. This role includes reviewing and prioritizing requests; understanding business processes and functions; troubleshooting issues within the code and database and identifying the root cause of the issue; analyze the risks and relationships between functional groups of the systems while working on code and data patches; creating a code or SQL patch, testing the changes, and...Marketing Automation Campaign Analyst Tech Consulting Senioricrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAMarketing Automation Campaign Analyst – Tech Consulting SeniorConsultingRequisition UNI00GJNPost Date Nov 06, 2020The opportunityThis is a rapidly growing area, so youwill have plenty of opportunity to spread your wings and continue to developyour skillset to keep up with the ever growing demands of the digital marketinglandscape. Most of your time will be spent embedded with our clients’ team andwe’ll look to you to provide our clients with business and technical support solvetheir business issues using.Your Key ResponsibilitiesYou will be part of a team that is focusedon the user story creation, functional design, system configuration, and user testingof marketing solutions built to meet the client’s need. You will team withvarious EY groups with digital capabilities to pursue and deliver digitalengagements and deliver solutions that will bring our client’s digital visionand strategy to life.Skills and attributes for success Working in project teams throughagreed upon phases of...Jan 27, 2021Marketing Automation Campaign Analyst – Tech Consulting SeniorConsultingRequisition UNI00GJNPost Date Nov 06, 2020The opportunityThis is a rapidly growing area, so youwill have plenty of opportunity to spread your wings and continue to developyour skillset to keep up with the ever growing demands of the digital marketinglandscape. Most of your time will be spent embedded with our clients’ team andwe’ll look to you to provide our clients with business and technical support solvetheir business issues using.Your Key ResponsibilitiesYou will be part of a team that is focusedon the user story creation, functional design, system configuration, and user testingof marketing solutions built to meet the client’s need. You will team withvarious EY groups with digital capabilities to pursue and deliver digitalengagements and deliver solutions that will bring our client’s digital visionand strategy to life.Skills and attributes for success Working in project teams throughagreed upon phases of...Lead Training Developericrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USARole Responsibilities: ·Implement industry standard instructional design methodologies that include: ·Training needs analysis ·Audience analysis ·Content analysis ·Developing instructional strategies ·Develop and implement performance measurement tools ·Design a variety of instructional materials for traditional instructor-led courses, online programs, web-based learning aids or products, and other programs as needed ·Develop materials for courses based on information provided by subject matter experts ·Create realistic objectives for learning or performance for students and instructors ·Develop training program materials that may include: ·Flowcharts ·Visual aids ·Participant manuals ·Instructor manuals ·Job or task aids ·User guides ·Evaluate instructional programs and process: ·Develop and implement formative and summative evaluation plans ·Determine mitigation strategies to address findings of instructional program evaluations ·Deliver established course content using...Jan 27, 2021Role Responsibilities: ·Implement industry standard instructional design methodologies that include: ·Training needs analysis ·Audience analysis ·Content analysis ·Developing instructional strategies ·Develop and implement performance measurement tools ·Design a variety of instructional materials for traditional instructor-led courses, online programs, web-based learning aids or products, and other programs as needed ·Develop materials for courses based on information provided by subject matter experts ·Create realistic objectives for learning or performance for students and instructors ·Develop training program materials that may include: ·Flowcharts ·Visual aids ·Participant manuals ·Instructor manuals ·Job or task aids ·User guides ·Evaluate instructional programs and process: ·Develop and implement formative and summative evaluation plans ·Determine mitigation strategies to address findings of instructional program evaluations ·Deliver established course content using...Senior Financial Analysticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAAston Carter is currently conducting interviews for a Senior Financial Analyst opening for a large and sought-after company, here in Indianapolis, IN As a Senior Financial Analyst, you will forecast revenues and expenditures and advise on future budgeting. Ultimately, you will ensure financial planning is healthy and profitable and aligns with business objectives. Description: Develop financial models through benchmarking and process analysis Forecast quarterly and annual profits Prepare cost projections Analyze and report on the current financial status Conduct thorough research of historical financial data Explore investment options and present risk and opportunities Coordinate with the CFO and the executive team on long-term financial planning Compare anticipated and actual results and identify areas of improvement Participate in budgeting (for departments and projects) Perform detailed financial analysis including profitability analysis, operational performance, and return on...Jan 27, 2021Aston Carter is currently conducting interviews for a Senior Financial Analyst opening for a large and sought-after company, here in Indianapolis, IN As a Senior Financial Analyst, you will forecast revenues and expenditures and advise on future budgeting. Ultimately, you will ensure financial planning is healthy and profitable and aligns with business objectives. Description: Develop financial models through benchmarking and process analysis Forecast quarterly and annual profits Prepare cost projections Analyze and report on the current financial status Conduct thorough research of historical financial data Explore investment options and present risk and opportunities Coordinate with the CFO and the executive team on long-term financial planning Compare anticipated and actual results and identify areas of improvement Participate in budgeting (for departments and projects) Perform detailed financial analysis including profitability analysis, operational performance, and return on...Java Technical Leadicrunchdata Network Castleton, Indianapolis, IN 46250, USAA senior level developer responsible for leading a development teamProvide hands on development and mentoring as necessary for other members of the development teamCoding approximately 50% of the timeDefine high level application designsEstablish technical vision and works with developers to turn it into realityWork with various business owners to understand business needsAbility to communicate to business in easy to understand non-technical termsTranslate business needs into technical specificationsMeet with business areas to explain technical capabilities of current platformMeet with potential 3rd party integrators to understand possible future capabilities and integration pointsAbility to delegate and get full productivity from development team in conjunction with immediate supervisorAbility to work on many projects in various stages concurrentlyAbility to create visual representation of a technical solutionBroaden the technical abilities of the development teamParticipate in...Jan 27, 2021A senior level developer responsible for leading a development teamProvide hands on development and mentoring as necessary for other members of the development teamCoding approximately 50% of the timeDefine high level application designsEstablish technical vision and works with developers to turn it into realityWork with various business owners to understand business needsAbility to communicate to business in easy to understand non-technical termsTranslate business needs into technical specificationsMeet with business areas to explain technical capabilities of current platformMeet with potential 3rd party integrators to understand possible future capabilities and integration pointsAbility to delegate and get full productivity from development team in conjunction with immediate supervisorAbility to work on many projects in various stages concurrentlyAbility to create visual representation of a technical solutionBroaden the technical abilities of the development teamParticipate in...SUPV IT CYBERSECURITY SPECIALIST (CUSTSPT/INFOSEC)icrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAOverview Accepting applications Open & closing dates Opening and closing dates01/13/2021 to 01/27/2021 Service Competitive Pay scale & grade GS 13 Salary $92,914 to $120,789 per year Appointment type Permanent Work schedule Full-Time Duties SummaryWho may apply: Current, permanent DFAS employees and eligible DoD PPP Military Spouse preference applicants. Position is located in Information & Technology, Infrastructure Services, Infrastructure Local Support, LST1 (IN and RO). This job announcement may be used to fill similar positions on other teams in the I&T Directorate. ResponsibilitiesServes as a Branch Chief within Information and Technology, Infrastructure Services, Infrastructure Local Support.Provides technical and administrative supervision to personnel responsible for lifecycle of end point devices (i.e. desktops and laptops) to include deployment, administration, troubleshooting, and repairing in a physical and virtual environment.Provides both technical and...Jan 27, 2021Overview Accepting applications Open & closing dates Opening and closing dates01/13/2021 to 01/27/2021 Service Competitive Pay scale & grade GS 13 Salary $92,914 to $120,789 per year Appointment type Permanent Work schedule Full-Time Duties SummaryWho may apply: Current, permanent DFAS employees and eligible DoD PPP Military Spouse preference applicants. Position is located in Information & Technology, Infrastructure Services, Infrastructure Local Support, LST1 (IN and RO). This job announcement may be used to fill similar positions on other teams in the I&T Directorate. ResponsibilitiesServes as a Branch Chief within Information and Technology, Infrastructure Services, Infrastructure Local Support.Provides technical and administrative supervision to personnel responsible for lifecycle of end point devices (i.e. desktops and laptops) to include deployment, administration, troubleshooting, and repairing in a physical and virtual environment.Provides both technical and...IT Quality Control Sr Advisor (Quality Governance)icrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USADescription SHIFT Day Job SCHEDULE Full-time Your innovation. Our impact . At Anthem, Inc., it's a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we're creating greater access to care for our members, greater health for our communities, and greater experiences for our customers. Innovation is a top priority. Here, you'll have an opportunity to work in a collaborative environment that brings together industry leaders and technology experts, so together we can drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to create solutions and programs that can truly make a difference at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. Title IT Quality Control Sr. Advisor (Quality Governance) Location Indianapolis IN OR Roanoke VA This position will be responsible for conducting quality assessments of software development deliverables and processes within an agile organization. Identifying quality improvement action plans, implementation...Jan 27, 2021Description SHIFT Day Job SCHEDULE Full-time Your innovation. Our impact . At Anthem, Inc., it's a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we're creating greater access to care for our members, greater health for our communities, and greater experiences for our customers. Innovation is a top priority. Here, you'll have an opportunity to work in a collaborative environment that brings together industry leaders and technology experts, so together we can drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to create solutions and programs that can truly make a difference at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. Title IT Quality Control Sr. Advisor (Quality Governance) Location Indianapolis IN OR Roanoke VA This position will be responsible for conducting quality assessments of software development deliverables and processes within an agile organization. Identifying quality improvement action plans, implementation...Business Analysticrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USABusiness AnalystTo be successful in this role, you will need strong problem-solving skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and be comfortable dealing with ambiguity and change. Using your experience to mentor less experienced team members, handling multiple assignments, collaborating with co-workers, and providing communication will also be essential to your success.Position Responsibilities:o Collaborate with end-users and guide the development team to generate and prepare solutions to support the enterprise's needs and objectives;o Provide support and be accountability for projects and individual task within a larger project;o Manage day-to-day team tasks and reported timeo Attend meetings to update project sponsors and business leaders on a project and technical requirements;o Lead the team by example in areas like work ethic, user engagement, project delivery and commitment setting ; ando Maintain high level of integrity in dealing with highly confidential and...Jan 27, 2021Business AnalystTo be successful in this role, you will need strong problem-solving skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and be comfortable dealing with ambiguity and change. Using your experience to mentor less experienced team members, handling multiple assignments, collaborating with co-workers, and providing communication will also be essential to your success.Position Responsibilities:o Collaborate with end-users and guide the development team to generate and prepare solutions to support the enterprise's needs and objectives;o Provide support and be accountability for projects and individual task within a larger project;o Manage day-to-day team tasks and reported timeo Attend meetings to update project sponsors and business leaders on a project and technical requirements;o Lead the team by example in areas like work ethic, user engagement, project delivery and commitment setting ; ando Maintain high level of integrity in dealing with highly confidential and...Jr Dialer Analysticrunchdata Network Castleton, Indianapolis, IN 46250, USAJunior Business Analyst (Dialer)Soar With UsFlying ahead of the flock for over 30 years, we at Freedom Mortgage have taken millions of Americans under our wing and helped them achieve their dreams of financial betterment and homeownership. This is only possible through our vast knowledge base and broad capabilities, and its demonstrated by our winning trajectory.If you areA data-driven specialist. Youll use data and analytics within your area of accountability to ensure all operations being performed are timely, accurate, and correct in accordance with compliance, as well as to monitor team performance.A change-maker. Youll bring your vision, not only looking for problems or weaknesses, but suggesting viable solutions and making them happen. Youll spot areas where we can improve our processes or performance, and back this up with data-driven insights to justify why we should capitalize on the opportunity.An incredible communicator. Youre able to work with various stakeholders within...Jan 27, 2021Junior Business Analyst (Dialer)Soar With UsFlying ahead of the flock for over 30 years, we at Freedom Mortgage have taken millions of Americans under our wing and helped them achieve their dreams of financial betterment and homeownership. This is only possible through our vast knowledge base and broad capabilities, and its demonstrated by our winning trajectory.If you areA data-driven specialist. Youll use data and analytics within your area of accountability to ensure all operations being performed are timely, accurate, and correct in accordance with compliance, as well as to monitor team performance.A change-maker. Youll bring your vision, not only looking for problems or weaknesses, but suggesting viable solutions and making them happen. Youll spot areas where we can improve our processes or performance, and back this up with data-driven insights to justify why we should capitalize on the opportunity.An incredible communicator. Youre able to work with various stakeholders within...SAP PP Managericrunchdata Network Indianapolis, IN, USAA career in our SAP Supply Chain and Operations practice, within SAP Consulting services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients maximise the value of their SAP investment with offerings that address sales, finance, supply chain, engineering, and human capital. We provide comprehensive consulting, system integration and implementation services across multiple SAP applications, products and technologies. Simply put, we focus on delivering business led, technology enabled change for our clients including industry specific enterprise resource planning and the latest in mobile, analytics and cloud solutions. As part of our supply chain and operations team, you'll work with our clients to transform their supply chain and operations by leveraging SAP applications to optimise their flow of goods, information, and money quickly and securely. To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a...Jan 27, 2021A career in our SAP Supply Chain and Operations practice, within SAP Consulting services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients maximise the value of their SAP investment with offerings that address sales, finance, supply chain, engineering, and human capital. We provide comprehensive consulting, system integration and implementation services across multiple SAP applications, products and technologies. Simply put, we focus on delivering business led, technology enabled change for our clients including industry specific enterprise resource planning and the latest in mobile, analytics and cloud solutions. As part of our supply chain and operations team, you'll work with our clients to transform their supply chain and operations by leveraging SAP applications to optimise their flow of goods, information, and money quickly and securely. To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
