"Jobs in Sheffield | Search Jobs Near MeHomeFind JobsRegister CVAdvertise jobsEmployer PricingIT JobsSign inSign upHomeFind JobsRegister CVAdvertise jobsEmployer PricingIT JobsModal titleCloseFind Jobs336 jobs found in SheffieldProduction Maintenance FitterAspion Sheffield, YorkshireJob Title: Production Maintenance Fitter Location: Sheffield Temp to Perm Salary Negotiable Immediate Start Aspion are currently recruiting for a Maintenance Production Fitter/Operative to join a Global manufacturing company in the Sheffield area...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021SeasonalJob Title: Production Maintenance Fitter Location: Sheffield Temp to Perm Salary Negotiable Immediate Start Aspion are currently recruiting for a Maintenance Production Fitter/Operative to join a Global manufacturing company in the Sheffield area...... click apply for full job detailsDomestic Appliance EngineerJustAnswer.co.uk Sheffield, YorkshireTurn your Domestic Appliance repair skills to extra cash by answering online questions. As a Domestic Appliance Engineer you have vital skills that are needed to help customers with their Appliance Repair questions online. Keep earning during lockdown periods - and help people who need your expertise...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeTurn your Domestic Appliance repair skills to extra cash by answering online questions. As a Domestic Appliance Engineer you have vital skills that are needed to help customers with their Appliance Repair questions online. Keep earning during lockdown periods - and help people who need your expertise...... click apply for full job detailsNewly Qualified TeacherTHE SUPPLY REGISTER LIMITED Sheffield, YorkshireNewly Qualified Teacher Supply Cover Birley Secondary School Day to Day, Short & Long term The Supply Register are working exclusively for all recruitment requirements for Birley Secondary School in Sheffield. We are looking for newly qualified teachers to join our bank staff for supply work across a range of subjects for general cover for the school...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeNewly Qualified Teacher Supply Cover Birley Secondary School Day to Day, Short & Long term The Supply Register are working exclusively for all recruitment requirements for Birley Secondary School in Sheffield. We are looking for newly qualified teachers to join our bank staff for supply work across a range of subjects for general cover for the school...... click apply for full job detailsOperations EngineerLittlefish Sheffield, YorkshireCome and join the Littlefish team! Littlefish is a world-class, award-winning Managed IT and Cyber Security Services Company, delivered from our 24/7 UK service centres. Through a focused growth plan, we have become an established and credible alternative to the 'usual suspect' large Multi £Billion Managed Service Providers and IT Outsourcers in the mid-market and enterprise...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeCome and join the Littlefish team! Littlefish is a world-class, award-winning Managed IT and Cyber Security Services Company, delivered from our 24/7 UK service centres. Through a focused growth plan, we have become an established and credible alternative to the 'usual suspect' large Multi £Billion Managed Service Providers and IT Outsourcers in the mid-market and enterprise...... click apply for full job detailsCarpet FitterBidvine Sheffield, YorkshireWe're looking for practical, detail-oriented carpet installers to take on new clients in the local area. Are you skilled, experienced and professional? If so, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want hands-on and dedicated carpet installation experts who love helping valued clients. The job could involve changing existing flooring to carpet or installing a new carpet to replace the existing one in any room of a commercial or domestic property. If you are happy to be in direct contact with clients and have room in your schedule for more of them, please get in touch.Jan 25, 2021Full timeWe're looking for practical, detail-oriented carpet installers to take on new clients in the local area. Are you skilled, experienced and professional? If so, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want hands-on and dedicated carpet installation experts who love helping valued clients. The job could involve changing existing flooring to carpet or installing a new carpet to replace the existing one in any room of a commercial or domestic property. If you are happy to be in direct contact with clients and have room in your schedule for more of them, please get in touch.Furniture AssemblerBidvine Sheffield, YorkshireAre you a Furniture Assembler who is looking for new clients? If so, we have a great opportunity for you! Due to high demand, we are urgently seeking Furniture Assemblers who can take on work and start ASAP. Who are we looking for? Furniture Assemblers who specialise in any of the following: bed frames, desks or tables, chairs, wardrobes, entertainment centres, bookcases, dressers, garden furniture, playground sets, or kitchen cabinets. We want professional and skilled Furniture Assemblers who know how to help clients get their home set with their flat-pack furniture. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more furniture assembly projects, please get in touch.Jan 25, 2021Full timeAre you a Furniture Assembler who is looking for new clients? If so, we have a great opportunity for you! Due to high demand, we are urgently seeking Furniture Assemblers who can take on work and start ASAP. Who are we looking for? Furniture Assemblers who specialise in any of the following: bed frames, desks or tables, chairs, wardrobes, entertainment centres, bookcases, dressers, garden furniture, playground sets, or kitchen cabinets. We want professional and skilled Furniture Assemblers who know how to help clients get their home set with their flat-pack furniture. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more furniture assembly projects, please get in touch.General Cover TeacherTHE SUPPLY REGISTER LIMITED Sheffield, YorkshireGeneral Cover Teacher Supply Cover Birley Secondary School Day to Day, Short & Long term The Supply Register are working exclusively for all recruitment requirements for Birley Secondary School in Sheffield. We are looking for qualified teachers to join our bank staff for supply work across a range of subjects for general cover for the school...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeGeneral Cover Teacher Supply Cover Birley Secondary School Day to Day, Short & Long term The Supply Register are working exclusively for all recruitment requirements for Birley Secondary School in Sheffield. We are looking for qualified teachers to join our bank staff for supply work across a range of subjects for general cover for the school...... click apply for full job detailsYear 2 Teacher - Supply CoverTHE SUPPLY REGISTER LIMITED Sheffield, YorkshireY2 Teacher Supply Cover Day to Day, Short & Long Term S12 Area - Sheffield The Supply Register are currently recruiting for Y2 primary school teachers to work at our partner schools in the in S12 area of Sheffield. All supply requirements are presented to us to source and match suitable candidates to work on a day to day basis with the opportunity to cover short and long term too...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeY2 Teacher Supply Cover Day to Day, Short & Long Term S12 Area - Sheffield The Supply Register are currently recruiting for Y2 primary school teachers to work at our partner schools in the in S12 area of Sheffield. All supply requirements are presented to us to source and match suitable candidates to work on a day to day basis with the opportunity to cover short and long term too...... click apply for full job detailsFoundation Stage Teacher - Supply CoverTHE SUPPLY REGISTER LIMITED Sheffield, YorkshireFoundation Stage Teacher Supply Cover Day to Day, Short & Long Term S12 Area - Sheffield The Supply Register are currently recruiting for Foundation Stage primary school teachers to work at our partner schools in the in S12 area of Sheffield...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeFoundation Stage Teacher Supply Cover Day to Day, Short & Long Term S12 Area - Sheffield The Supply Register are currently recruiting for Foundation Stage primary school teachers to work at our partner schools in the in S12 area of Sheffield...... click apply for full job detailsYear 6 Teacher - Supply CoverTHE SUPPLY REGISTER LIMITED Sheffield, YorkshireYear 6 Teacher Supply Cover Day to Day, Short & Long Term S12 Area - Sheffield The Supply Register are currently recruiting for Year 6 primary school teachers to work at our partner schools in the in S12 area of Sheffield. All supply requirements are presented to us to source and match suitable candidates to work on a day to day basis with the opportunity to cover short and long term too...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeYear 6 Teacher Supply Cover Day to Day, Short & Long Term S12 Area - Sheffield The Supply Register are currently recruiting for Year 6 primary school teachers to work at our partner schools in the in S12 area of Sheffield. All supply requirements are presented to us to source and match suitable candidates to work on a day to day basis with the opportunity to cover short and long term too...... click apply for full job detailsSEND Classroom AssistantMilk Education Sheffield, YorkshireSEND Classroom Assistant Start Date: February 2021 Location: Sheffield Pay Rate: £60-£70 per day We are looking for individuals trained in Drama, Art and Music to inspire children with Autism and Social Emotional Mental Health Needs to develop their skills and interests in a safe and caring Primary School environment in Sheffield...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021SeasonalSEND Classroom Assistant Start Date: February 2021 Location: Sheffield Pay Rate: £60-£70 per day We are looking for individuals trained in Drama, Art and Music to inspire children with Autism and Social Emotional Mental Health Needs to develop their skills and interests in a safe and caring Primary School environment in Sheffield...... click apply for full job detailsPLC Engineer (Structured Text)Design Sheffield, YorkshireA forward thinking engineering business who has won multiple awards for their pioneering approach to sustainable energy are looking for a PLC Engineer to join a growing R+D team. As a PLC Engineer you will developing software of existing and new products using Structured Text primarily. The Job: - Programming PLC and HMI devices using Structured Text - Configuring all third party devices - Work cross ...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeA forward thinking engineering business who has won multiple awards for their pioneering approach to sustainable energy are looking for a PLC Engineer to join a growing R+D team. As a PLC Engineer you will developing software of existing and new products using Structured Text primarily. The Job: - Programming PLC and HMI devices using Structured Text - Configuring all third party devices - Work cross ...... click apply for full job detailsLevel 3 Teaching Assistant with BSLLynx Employment Services Ltd Sheffield, YorkshireFull time, temporary position. Immediate start. Are you a Level 3 Teaching Assistant with a BSL (level 2) qualification? We are looking for a dedicated and passionate Teaching Assistant /Learning Support Assistant to work on both a 1:1 and small group basis. supporting deaf and hearing impaired children...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021SeasonalFull time, temporary position. Immediate start. Are you a Level 3 Teaching Assistant with a BSL (level 2) qualification? We are looking for a dedicated and passionate Teaching Assistant /Learning Support Assistant to work on both a 1:1 and small group basis. supporting deaf and hearing impaired children...... click apply for full job detailsJunior SCADA EngineerDesign Sheffield, YorkshireA globally operating, sustainable energy engineering business that supplies their products across the world are looking for a Junior SCADA Engineer to join the existing R+D team. Due to substantial company growth, the R+D team are looking to bolster the team with a Junior SCADA Engineer. You will be developing the software and features for new and existing products throughout the entire product li...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeA globally operating, sustainable energy engineering business that supplies their products across the world are looking for a Junior SCADA Engineer to join the existing R+D team. Due to substantial company growth, the R+D team are looking to bolster the team with a Junior SCADA Engineer. You will be developing the software and features for new and existing products throughout the entire product li...... click apply for full job detailsJunior Developer - C# / .Net / AngularSearchability Sheffield, YorkshireJunior .NET Developer - Opportunity to work with technologies including C# / .NET CORE / ASP.NET MVC / WEB API / ANGULAR Are you a Junior Developer with a Computer Science degree OR some relevant commercial experience? We have an opening for a motivated and capable junior to bring a new wave of creativity to our team Based in Sheffield, our Software Dev team is largely based remotely Salary up to £25K...... click apply for full job detailsJan 25, 2021Full timeJunior .NET Developer - Opportunity to work with technologies including C# / .NET CORE / ASP.NET MVC / WEB API / ANGULAR Are you a Junior Developer with a Computer Science degree OR some relevant commercial experience? We have an opening for a motivated and capable junior to bring a new wave of creativity to our team Based in Sheffield, our Software Dev team is largely based remotely Salary up to £25K...... click apply for full job detailsElectrical Test and Inspection EngineerPHS Group Sheffield, YorkshireElectrical Test and Inspection Engineer - Sheffield Your ability to recognise electrical risks saves lives. Whether you're delivering a service to one of our local clients, or traveling further afield, you'll be the face of the company, meeting different people with different requirement on a regular basis. Your ability to identify deviations from the regulations, potential problems, and be honest a...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeElectrical Test and Inspection Engineer - Sheffield Your ability to recognise electrical risks saves lives. Whether you're delivering a service to one of our local clients, or traveling further afield, you'll be the face of the company, meeting different people with different requirement on a regular basis. Your ability to identify deviations from the regulations, potential problems, and be honest a...... click apply for full job detailsSenior Backend Developer - PHPLucid Connect Ltd Sheffield, YorkshireSalary £38,000 to £48,000 (+ Excellent company benefits) We have an exciting new opportunity to join a market leading Internet Solution Provider covering clients all across Yorkshire and the North. You will join the team that provides the highest level of support to provide support and be involved in upgrade projects for a growing customer base. We are looking for a candidate that has excellent technical and interpersonal skills with some project management capabilities, preferably with experience working for an Internet Solutions Provider previously in a Back End Developer position. Responsibilities Developing and maintaining existing applications. Participate and contribute to an Agile working environment. Write efficient, lean and scalable code using best practices. Participate in the design and planning of new applications. Contribute to all phases of the development life cycle. Essential Skills and Experience 2+ years of commercial PHP experience 1+ years of commercial experience in a mainstream framework (such as Laravel, Symfony etc) Experience with Object Oriented programming and design Experience with RESTful API design and integration PHP7+, MySQL, PHPUnit (Or any testing framework) Desirable, not essential WS, Docker and Kubernetes, SOAP API Integrations Other essential requirements include: Able to gather and analyze Information. Able to make decisions. Good team worker, communicator, influencing & negotiating skills. Generates and builds on ideas. Manages own performance & personal development. Innovative/forward thinking. Honest/Reliable. To register your interest please click on apply!Jan 24, 2021Full timeSalary £38,000 to £48,000 (+ Excellent company benefits) We have an exciting new opportunity to join a market leading Internet Solution Provider covering clients all across Yorkshire and the North. You will join the team that provides the highest level of support to provide support and be involved in upgrade projects for a growing customer base. We are looking for a candidate that has excellent technical and interpersonal skills with some project management capabilities, preferably with experience working for an Internet Solutions Provider previously in a Back End Developer position. Responsibilities Developing and maintaining existing applications. Participate and contribute to an Agile working environment. Write efficient, lean and scalable code using best practices. Participate in the design and planning of new applications. Contribute to all phases of the development life cycle. Essential Skills and Experience 2+ years of commercial PHP experience 1+ years of commercial experience in a mainstream framework (such as Laravel, Symfony etc) Experience with Object Oriented programming and design Experience with RESTful API design and integration PHP7+, MySQL, PHPUnit (Or any testing framework) Desirable, not essential WS, Docker and Kubernetes, SOAP API Integrations Other essential requirements include: Able to gather and analyze Information. Able to make decisions. Good team worker, communicator, influencing & negotiating skills. Generates and builds on ideas. Manages own performance & personal development. Innovative/forward thinking. Honest/Reliable. To register your interest please click on apply!HGV Class 1 DriversTomlin Personnel Ltd Sheffield, YorkshireJob Title HGV Class 1 Driver Start Date Immediate Our Customer Our long established logistics client based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire has an urgent requirement for HGV class 1 drivers to join their team on a regular ongoing basis. Job Description. Work involves Class 1 Trunking to RDC's, Manufacturing Sites or other similar sites across the UK...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021ContractorJob Title HGV Class 1 Driver Start Date Immediate Our Customer Our long established logistics client based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire has an urgent requirement for HGV class 1 drivers to join their team on a regular ongoing basis. Job Description. Work involves Class 1 Trunking to RDC's, Manufacturing Sites or other similar sites across the UK...... click apply for full job detailsElectrical Maintenance EngineerJeld-Wen Sheffield, YorkshireCompany description: OUR COMPANY JELD-WEN (NYSE:JELD), founded in 1960, is one of the world's largest door and window manufacturers, with more than 22,000 employees operating in 24 countries globally. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, JELD-WEN designs, produces and distributes an extensive range of interior and exterior doors, wood, vinyl and aluminium windows and related products for use ...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeCompany description: OUR COMPANY JELD-WEN (NYSE:JELD), founded in 1960, is one of the world's largest door and window manufacturers, with more than 22,000 employees operating in 24 countries globally. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, JELD-WEN designs, produces and distributes an extensive range of interior and exterior doors, wood, vinyl and aluminium windows and related products for use ...... click apply for full job detailsMobile Air Conditioning EngineerEvotech Sheffield, YorkshireEvotech are seeking a multi skilled mobile AC Engineer to join our busy commercial building maintenance team, to undertake planned and reactive maintenance at our clients' premises in Sheffield, Leeds and the North East. About us Evotech provides high quality, innovative building maintenance solutions for a wide range of clients across the UK...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeEvotech are seeking a multi skilled mobile AC Engineer to join our busy commercial building maintenance team, to undertake planned and reactive maintenance at our clients' premises in Sheffield, Leeds and the North East. About us Evotech provides high quality, innovative building maintenance solutions for a wide range of clients across the UK...... click apply for full job detailsService and Repair TechnicianEqui-Trek Sheffield, YorkshireEqui-Trek are the UK leading manufacturer of equestrian and leisure vehicles, supplying to the UK and across the World. We currently have a vacancy for Technician to join our expanding Service and Repair department. The main duties will include servicing trailers, horseboxes and motorhomes (body/habitation repairs), assessing trailers/vehicles prior to repair and completing repairs to a high standar...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeEqui-Trek are the UK leading manufacturer of equestrian and leisure vehicles, supplying to the UK and across the World. We currently have a vacancy for Technician to join our expanding Service and Repair department. The main duties will include servicing trailers, horseboxes and motorhomes (body/habitation repairs), assessing trailers/vehicles prior to repair and completing repairs to a high standar...... click apply for full job detailsMaintenance TechnicianFresh Property Group Sheffield, YorkshireWe are now looking for a Maintenance Technician to undertake minor re-active repairs and carry out planned preventative maintenance works to include minor plumbing, electrical work at The Gateway & Impact, Sheffield. This will include painting and decorating, health and safety checks, grounds maintenance, gardening, refuse and recycling management...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeWe are now looking for a Maintenance Technician to undertake minor re-active repairs and carry out planned preventative maintenance works to include minor plumbing, electrical work at The Gateway & Impact, Sheffield. This will include painting and decorating, health and safety checks, grounds maintenance, gardening, refuse and recycling management...... click apply for full job detailsEmbedded Software EngineerPeople Source Consulting Sheffield, YorkshireRole: Embedded Software Engineer Location: Sheffield Salary: competitive My client is looking to recruit an Embedded Software Engineer with experience , at least 2 years +. To apply you must have hands-on developing embedded software / firmware within a multidisciplinary team of talented and established engineers...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeRole: Embedded Software Engineer Location: Sheffield Salary: competitive My client is looking to recruit an Embedded Software Engineer with experience , at least 2 years +. To apply you must have hands-on developing embedded software / firmware within a multidisciplinary team of talented and established engineers...... click apply for full job detailsJet-Vac TechnicianYorkshire Water Sheffield, YorkshireSalary and Benefits: Starting from £22,213 to £27,766 per annum dependant on experience + pension + performance related bonus + 25 days holiday + training & development opportunities in line with the Jet-Vac Technician progression plan. We currently have Jet-Vac Technician (above ground) opportunities based across the Yorkshire region, depending on where you live will determine the areas you will...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeSalary and Benefits: Starting from £22,213 to £27,766 per annum dependant on experience + pension + performance related bonus + 25 days holiday + training & development opportunities in line with the Jet-Vac Technician progression plan. We currently have Jet-Vac Technician (above ground) opportunities based across the Yorkshire region, depending on where you live will determine the areas you will...... click apply for full job detailsGas & Plumbing EngineerRightio Subcontractor Limited Sheffield, YorkshireGas & Plumbing engineer RIGHTIO Rightio are a company who believe in doing things right, from checking every screw and testing every connection, to talking to our customers in plain English and charging for our work fairly. We only ever use the very best engineers and staff who each have a proven track record, the right qualifications and the right attitude...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeGas & Plumbing engineer RIGHTIO Rightio are a company who believe in doing things right, from checking every screw and testing every connection, to talking to our customers in plain English and charging for our work fairly. We only ever use the very best engineers and staff who each have a proven track record, the right qualifications and the right attitude...... click apply for full job detailsHead of Change, remote/Sheffield/M1Harvey Nash Plc Sheffield, YorkshireHead of Change, £75,000 + (remote/flexible working/Sheffield/M1/Nottingham) I am actively recruiting for a Head of Change to work for my long established PLC client going through a large and exciting transformation. This is a fantastic hybrid role covering change delivery, portfolio and operational change. You must have a solid understanding of software delivery life cycles in IT departments. You will have 10 years +project and programme experience - taking pride in delivering business benefit change. You will have proven experience of leading a team of up to 20. You will enjoy working in close partnership with the ITD. Candidates must have strong business change experience. Please contact (see below) for further information.Jan 24, 2021Full timeHead of Change, £75,000 + (remote/flexible working/Sheffield/M1/Nottingham) I am actively recruiting for a Head of Change to work for my long established PLC client going through a large and exciting transformation. This is a fantastic hybrid role covering change delivery, portfolio and operational change. You must have a solid understanding of software delivery life cycles in IT departments. You will have 10 years +project and programme experience - taking pride in delivering business benefit change. You will have proven experience of leading a team of up to 20. You will enjoy working in close partnership with the ITD. Candidates must have strong business change experience. Please contact (see below) for further information.Panel WiremanManufacturing Sheffield, YorkshireJob Title: Panel Wirer Type: Permanent Hours: 39 hours per week Location: Sheffield Salary: 26,000 p.a + overtime + bonus Generous benefits package including company pension scheme and private healthcare Our client is a forward thinking, innovative manufacturing business based in Sheffield. They require a permanent Panel Wirer to join the team on a full time basis...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeJob Title: Panel Wirer Type: Permanent Hours: 39 hours per week Location: Sheffield Salary: 26,000 p.a + overtime + bonus Generous benefits package including company pension scheme and private healthcare Our client is a forward thinking, innovative manufacturing business based in Sheffield. They require a permanent Panel Wirer to join the team on a full time basis...... click apply for full job detailsElectrical FitterManufacturing Sheffield, YorkshireJob Title: Electrical Fitter Type: Permanent Hours: 39 hours per week Location: Sheffield Salary: 26,000 p.a + overtime + bonus Generous benefits package including Company pension scheme and private healthcare Our client is a forward thinking, innovative manufacturing business based in Sheffield. They require a permanent Electrical Fitter to join the team on a full time basis...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeJob Title: Electrical Fitter Type: Permanent Hours: 39 hours per week Location: Sheffield Salary: 26,000 p.a + overtime + bonus Generous benefits package including Company pension scheme and private healthcare Our client is a forward thinking, innovative manufacturing business based in Sheffield. They require a permanent Electrical Fitter to join the team on a full time basis...... click apply for full job detailsLevel 1 Teaching AssistantTHE SUPPLY REGISTER LIMITED Sheffield, YorkshireLevel 1 Teaching Assistant Start 30/11/2020 - 18/12/2020 Birley Primary Academy - Sheffield 5 Days per week. The successful Teaching Assistant will have excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum and will be able to plan innovative and engaging lessons that will meet the needs of children with a variety of abilities...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021SeasonalLevel 1 Teaching Assistant Start 30/11/2020 - 18/12/2020 Birley Primary Academy - Sheffield 5 Days per week. The successful Teaching Assistant will have excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum and will be able to plan innovative and engaging lessons that will meet the needs of children with a variety of abilities...... click apply for full job detailsPrivate Yoga InstructorBidvine Sheffield, YorkshireWe are urgently looking for Yoga Instructors to take on clients from our website. Are you passionate about helping your clients change their lives for the better and improve their mental and physical health? Are you looking for new clients? If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want friendly and professional Yoga Instructors who know how to bring out the best in their clients to achieve lasting lifestyle changes. Tasks may include teaching one to one lessons for Vinyasa, Hatha, Ashtanga, Power, pre- or post-natal Yoga or more, but we encourage our Yoga Instructors to work within their speciality. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more clients, please get in touch.Jan 24, 2021Full timeWe are urgently looking for Yoga Instructors to take on clients from our website. Are you passionate about helping your clients change their lives for the better and improve their mental and physical health? Are you looking for new clients? If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want friendly and professional Yoga Instructors who know how to bring out the best in their clients to achieve lasting lifestyle changes. Tasks may include teaching one to one lessons for Vinyasa, Hatha, Ashtanga, Power, pre- or post-natal Yoga or more, but we encourage our Yoga Instructors to work within their speciality. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more clients, please get in touch.Yoga InstructorBidvine Sheffield, YorkshireWe are urgently looking for Yoga Instructors to take on clients from our website. Are you passionate about helping your clients change their lives for the better and improve their mental and physical health? Are you looking for new clients? If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want friendly and professional Yoga Instructors who know how to bring out the best in their clients to achieve lasting lifestyle changes. Tasks may include teaching one to one lessons for Vinyasa, Hatha, Ashtanga, Power, pre- or post-natal Yoga or more, but we encourage our Yoga Instructors to work within their speciality. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more clients, please get in touch.Jan 24, 2021Full timeWe are urgently looking for Yoga Instructors to take on clients from our website. Are you passionate about helping your clients change their lives for the better and improve their mental and physical health? Are you looking for new clients? If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want friendly and professional Yoga Instructors who know how to bring out the best in their clients to achieve lasting lifestyle changes. Tasks may include teaching one to one lessons for Vinyasa, Hatha, Ashtanga, Power, pre- or post-natal Yoga or more, but we encourage our Yoga Instructors to work within their speciality. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more clients, please get in touch.Post Completion ExecutiveBCL Legal Sheffield, YorkshirePost Completion Executive- Sheffield The Firm: -Top 200 UK full service law firm based Sheffield -Prides itself on offering an excellent service to its clients -Highly sought after law firm with a fantastic reputation The Role: -Manage a system to ensure registrations are completed ahead of Land Registry deadlines. Prepare and submit registrations to the Land Registry. -Produce office copies entries together with title deeds to client's lender clients any third parties requiring copies. -Prepare and send letters to provide updates on registrations. -Speak to clients and provide support in a professional and friendly manner. -Diarise all requisition deadlines received and to respond to the same within the time frames provided by the Land Registry. -Ensure completed files are closed and sent to storage following completion. Requirements: -Must have at least 12 months' experience in post completion executive -Excellent communication skills -Team player Benefits: -An opportunity to work within one of Sheffield's most reputable law firms -Excellent work life balance -One on one support from a highly experienced team -Competitive remuneration package -On going support and career development Apply now For immediate consideration or for more information apply now or contact Katherine directly on or . BCL Legal is an equal opportunities employer.Jan 24, 2021Full timePost Completion Executive- Sheffield The Firm: -Top 200 UK full service law firm based Sheffield -Prides itself on offering an excellent service to its clients -Highly sought after law firm with a fantastic reputation The Role: -Manage a system to ensure registrations are completed ahead of Land Registry deadlines. Prepare and submit registrations to the Land Registry. -Produce office copies entries together with title deeds to client's lender clients any third parties requiring copies. -Prepare and send letters to provide updates on registrations. -Speak to clients and provide support in a professional and friendly manner. -Diarise all requisition deadlines received and to respond to the same within the time frames provided by the Land Registry. -Ensure completed files are closed and sent to storage following completion. Requirements: -Must have at least 12 months' experience in post completion executive -Excellent communication skills -Team player Benefits: -An opportunity to work within one of Sheffield's most reputable law firms -Excellent work life balance -One on one support from a highly experienced team -Competitive remuneration package -On going support and career development Apply now For immediate consideration or for more information apply now or contact Katherine directly on or . BCL Legal is an equal opportunities employer.React Developer - REMOTE & up to £50k (React.js)Ascent People Ltd Sheffield, YorkshireReact Developer, JavaScript Developer, Front End Developer, Web Applications Developer, Angular Developer, UI Developer, JS, FE, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, ReactJS, React.js Angular JS/1/2/4/7, Senior Developer, Lead Developer, Angular Developer, up to £50k + benefits. Lack of progression holding you back or current technologies not up to date? Want to work with creative developers producing market le...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeReact Developer, JavaScript Developer, Front End Developer, Web Applications Developer, Angular Developer, UI Developer, JS, FE, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, ReactJS, React.js Angular JS/1/2/4/7, Senior Developer, Lead Developer, Angular Developer, up to £50k + benefits. Lack of progression holding you back or current technologies not up to date? Want to work with creative developers producing market le...... click apply for full job detailsLGV/HGV C+E Class 1 DriverCulina Logistics Sheffield, YorkshireCompany Description Warren's a leading third party service provider with an outstanding industry reputation and a dedicated focus on storage and logistics of non-refrigerated baked goods. Warrens Group is dominant in the bread, cake and patisserie services marketplace which has recently joined forces with the market leading Culina Group...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeCompany Description Warren's a leading third party service provider with an outstanding industry reputation and a dedicated focus on storage and logistics of non-refrigerated baked goods. Warrens Group is dominant in the bread, cake and patisserie services marketplace which has recently joined forces with the market leading Culina Group...... click apply for full job detailsBedroom Surveyor/Technical SurveyorHammonds Sheffield, YorkshireHammonds, UK's largest choice of fitted furniture company requires a self-employed Bedroom Surveyor/Technical Surveyor to cover the S postcode area on a full time basis. You can potentially earn OTE up to £45,000 per annum. When you buy a Hammonds bedroom it's been specifically designed to fit perfectly into your space and home - it's an investment, a dream, in most cases - which is...... click apply for full job detailsJan 24, 2021Full timeHammonds, UK's largest choice of fitted furniture company requires a self-employed Bedroom Surveyor/Technical Surveyor to cover the S postcode area on a full time basis. You can potentially earn OTE up to £45,000 per annum. When you buy a Hammonds bedroom it's been specifically designed to fit perfectly into your space and home - it's an investment, a dream, in most cases - which is...... click apply for full job detailsDigital Marketing Executive (Content, Social, PPC)Peek Poke Sheffield, YorkshireHey you, you love digital marketing right? Do you like games? How about games used for marketing? You do!? Read on... Peek & Poke are a Sheffield based digital studio making browser-based games for a variety of businesses, charities and media companies that want to promote their brand and engage with their audience in fun and interesting ways...... click apply for full job detailsJan 23, 2021Full timeHey you, you love digital marketing right? Do you like games? How about games used for marketing? You do!? Read on... Peek & Poke are a Sheffield based digital studio making browser-based games for a variety of businesses, charities and media companies that want to promote their brand and engage with their audience in fun and interesting ways...... click apply for full job detailsWealth PlannerKW Investment Management Limited Sheffield, YorkshireKingswood Holdings Limited (trading as Kingswood) is an AIM-listed integrated wealth management group, with more than 16,000 active clients and c. £5.6 billion of Assets under Management. It has a growing network of offices across the UK as well as offices in the US and Johannesburg. Clients range from private individuals to some of the UK's largest universities...... click apply for full job detailsJan 23, 2021Full timeKingswood Holdings Limited (trading as Kingswood) is an AIM-listed integrated wealth management group, with more than 16,000 active clients and c. £5.6 billion of Assets under Management. It has a growing network of offices across the UK as well as offices in the US and Johannesburg. Clients range from private individuals to some of the UK's largest universities...... click apply for full job detailsRTA Litigation AssistantThompsons Solicitors Sheffield, YorkshireThe opportunity We are looking for an experienced individual to join us as a PI Litigator in our successful National Fast Track Centre in Sheffield, servicing clients across the country. Our team of dedicated and collaborative professionals, use the law to secure justice for people who have suffered personal injury...... click apply for full job detailsJan 23, 2021ContractorThe opportunity We are looking for an experienced individual to join us as a PI Litigator in our successful National Fast Track Centre in Sheffield, servicing clients across the country. Our team of dedicated and collaborative professionals, use the law to secure justice for people who have suffered personal injury...... click apply for full job detailsConveyancing AssistantBCL Legal Sheffield, YorkshireConveyancing Assistant-Sheffield The Firm: -Award winning full service law firm based in Sheffield city centre -Prides itself on offering an excellent service to its clients -One of Yorkshire's market leading law firms The Role: -You will be working as a conveyancing assistant working closely within a highly experienced team which will support you -Working with a wide variety of conveyancing matters from inception through to post completion -The caseload is varied and will include: * Sales and purchases * Remortgages * Registered, unregistered, freehold and leasehold * Newbuilds * Transfers of Equity * Extensive client contact Requirements: -Must have previous experience in assisting a conveyancer with a residential property caseload from inception through to post completion -Team player -Excellent interpersonal and communication skills -A keen desire to forge a long-term career within a reputable law firm Benefits: -An opportunity to work within Sheffield city centre -Excellent work life balance -4 days per week will be considered -Competitive remuneration package -On going support and career development Apply now For immediate consideration or for more information apply now or contact Katherine directly on or . BCL Legal is an equal opportunities employer.Jan 23, 2021Full timeConveyancing Assistant-Sheffield The Firm: -Award winning full service law firm based in Sheffield city centre -Prides itself on offering an excellent service to its clients -One of Yorkshire's market leading law firms The Role: -You will be working as a conveyancing assistant working closely within a highly experienced team which will support you -Working with a wide variety of conveyancing matters from inception through to post completion -The caseload is varied and will include: * Sales and purchases * Remortgages * Registered, unregistered, freehold and leasehold * Newbuilds * Transfers of Equity * Extensive client contact Requirements: -Must have previous experience in assisting a conveyancer with a residential property caseload from inception through to post completion -Team player -Excellent interpersonal and communication skills -A keen desire to forge a long-term career within a reputable law firm Benefits: -An opportunity to work within Sheffield city centre -Excellent work life balance -4 days per week will be considered -Competitive remuneration package -On going support and career development Apply now For immediate consideration or for more information apply now or contact Katherine directly on or . BCL Legal is an equal opportunities employer.Trainee HGV DriverHughes Driver Training Limited Sheffield, YorkshireDo you enjoy driving? • Would you like to work hours which suit your lifestyle? • Are you looking for a new career in the transport and logistics industry which can lead to a full time job with wages rising to £32,000 per year? If so, are you ideally suited to become a HGV / LGV driver. With our complete Trainee HGV training package, we take care of everything from your medical, theory, CPC and pract...... click apply for full job detailsJan 23, 2021Full timeDo you enjoy driving? • Would you like to work hours which suit your lifestyle? • Are you looking for a new career in the transport and logistics industry which can lead to a full time job with wages rising to £32,000 per year? If so, are you ideally suited to become a HGV / LGV driver. With our complete Trainee HGV training package, we take care of everything from your medical, theory, CPC and pract...... click apply for full job detailsPersonal TrainerBidvine Sheffield, YorkshireWe're looking for fully qualified Personal Trainers to take on clients. Are you passionate about helping your clients get in shape and achieve their fitness goals? Are you looking for new clients? If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want friendly and professional Personal Trainers who know how to bring out the best in their clients to achieve lasting lifestyle changes. Tasks may include training clients for weight loss, toning, muscle building, HIIT training, endurance training, or flexibility, but we encourage our personal trainers to work within their speciality. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more clients, please get in touch.Jan 23, 2021Full timeWe're looking for fully qualified Personal Trainers to take on clients. Are you passionate about helping your clients get in shape and achieve their fitness goals? Are you looking for new clients? If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. Who are we looking for? We want friendly and professional Personal Trainers who know how to bring out the best in their clients to achieve lasting lifestyle changes. Tasks may include training clients for weight loss, toning, muscle building, HIIT training, endurance training, or flexibility, but we encourage our personal trainers to work within their speciality. If you are happy to liaise and work directly with clients and you have availability to take on more clients, please get in touch.Telco Contracts ManagerIT Human Resources Sheffield, YorkshireDescription To manage major contracts & frameworks in-life and through renewal, providing high quality Commercial leadership, delivering incremental revenue and OCF To implement systems, processes and procedures to protect the risk profile of contractual obligations and achieve optimum value from the contracts on an ongoing basis To lead in the planning, implementation and management of large contracts, ensuring the efficient delivery of robust Contract Life Business Plans. To provide 'front-line' support to the effective management and administration of the contracts entered into, including managing change control processes and procedures to realise incremental revenue. Responsibilities Ensure fully aware of all obligations under the contract to allow design, implementation and management of a Contract Identify and manage the risks agreed between both parties contained within the agreement via the Contract Life Business Plan Provide current and relevant advice on the commercial position of Contracts in order to ensure the risks are managed and mitigated accordingly. Prepare guidance for relevant stakeholders associated with the Contract. This will require an awareness of the potential for challenges and matters to arise at key stages of the contracts management process. Regularly review performance against the Contract both internally and with the customer Drive cost base improvement by engaging with a range of internal and external stakeholders, researching background and making recommendations on commercial related matters Optimise OCF through billing accuracy, debt collections and overall NPS of contracts Manage a Contract P&L for contracts aligned to Drive incremental revenue through change control processes and procedures Own the inventory management of the contracts aligned to Produce and manage a Contract Score Card on pre-agreed information, tracking the performance Lead contract renewal and refresh on the contracts aligned to Develop submissions to SLT and IC for major deals Requirements The jobholder should have at least 3 years' experience of managing contracts (ideally in the telco sector) developing successful profitable solutions and managing opportunities and risks through the full contract life cycle. High degree of IT literacy across Microsoft and Cloud based applications Proven commercial track record with ability to improve drivers of revenue. Excellent analytical skills with the ability to understand and interpret customer, financial & operational insights. Strong planning skills, with experience at balancing short-term requirements and long-term strategies. Negotiation, relationship management and influencing skills at a senior level. ITHR Group is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. ITHR Group is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.Jan 23, 2021ContractorDescription To manage major contracts & frameworks in-life and through renewal, providing high quality Commercial leadership, delivering incremental revenue and OCF To implement systems, processes and procedures to protect the risk profile of contractual obligations and achieve optimum value from the contracts on an ongoing basis To lead in the planning, implementation and management of large contracts, ensuring the efficient delivery of robust Contract Life Business Plans. To provide 'front-line' support to the effective management and administration of the contracts entered into, including managing change control processes and procedures to realise incremental revenue. Responsibilities Ensure fully aware of all obligations under the contract to allow design, implementation and management of a Contract Identify and manage the risks agreed between both parties contained within the agreement via the Contract Life Business Plan Provide current and relevant advice on the commercial position of Contracts in order to ensure the risks are managed and mitigated accordingly. Prepare guidance for relevant stakeholders associated with the Contract. This will require an awareness of the potential for challenges and matters to arise at key stages of the contracts management process. Regularly review performance against the Contract both internally and with the customer Drive cost base improvement by engaging with a range of internal and external stakeholders, researching background and making recommendations on commercial related matters Optimise OCF through billing accuracy, debt collections and overall NPS of contracts Manage a Contract P&L for contracts aligned to Drive incremental revenue through change control processes and procedures Own the inventory management of the contracts aligned to Produce and manage a Contract Score Card on pre-agreed information, tracking the performance Lead contract renewal and refresh on the contracts aligned to Develop submissions to SLT and IC for major deals Requirements The jobholder should have at least 3 years' experience of managing contracts (ideally in the telco sector) developing successful profitable solutions and managing opportunities and risks through the full contract life cycle. High degree of IT literacy across Microsoft and Cloud based applications Proven commercial track record with ability to improve drivers of revenue. Excellent analytical skills with the ability to understand and interpret customer, financial & operational insights. Strong planning skills, with experience at balancing short-term requirements and long-term strategies. Negotiation, relationship management and influencing skills at a senior level. ITHR Group is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. ITHR Group is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.Fire & Security EngineerAbel Alarm Company Ltd Sheffield, YorkshireFire & Security Engineer - Sheffield Abel Alarm is recognised for its industry standards, innovative solutions, cutting edge products and incomparable customer service and over 55 years of experience in this hugely competitive market. We are currently looking for an experienced Fire Security Engineer with a proven technical knowledge of Fire and Security products and systems...... click apply for full job detailsJan 23, 2021Full timeFire & Security Engineer - Sheffield Abel Alarm is recognised for its industry standards, innovative solutions, cutting edge products and incomparable customer service and over 55 years of experience in this hugely competitive market. We are currently looking for an experienced Fire Security Engineer with a proven technical knowledge of Fire and Security products and systems...... click apply for full job detailsData Management LeadReed Technology Sheffield, YorkshireData Management Lead Salary - £37,000- 45,000 pa Sheffield/Home Working My client is searching for an experienced Data Management and Assurance lead to join their team on a permanent basis The Role: As the Data Management and Assurance Lead you will lead on the design, governance, maintenance, support, performance and operation of the BI platform, assuring that data is stored, managed and analysed correctly and efficiently, using Microsoft Azure Services, MS SQL Server, Alteryx (Designer and Server) and Power BI Premium. Key Responsibilities: . Lead on the overall design, development and maintenance of the platform and its operations. . Lead on the catalogue management operation. . Lead on the onboarding of data feeds. . Regularly analyse data systems and assurance of the performance, integrity and quality of the data model and records. . Initiate data improvement and data automation strategies based on regular assessments. . Liaise with vendors and partners to seek new ways of improving the data systems or reducing the costs of current systems and regularly troubleshoot processes to ensure the most time and cost-effective processes. . Support the Lead Business and Insights Analysts and Data and Insights Analysts with the development of workflows and visualisations. . Provide subject matter expertise for key BI platform core functions. . Ensure analysis delivery is accurate, reliable and outcome driven. . Provide subject matter expertise for key BI core functions. Skill and experience: . You will be educated to degree level or equivalent or experienced in a related subject matter. . You will have a previous experience, in a similar role, as a Database Manager, where you have designed and maintained ETL platforms; undertaking planning, defining, and designing database and data workflows, based on business requirements. . Advanced experience of using MS Azure, SQL Server, SSIS is essential, experience of Alteryx and Power BI premium is desirable. . You will be able to demonstrate advanced excel skill set and data analysis skills. . You will have great stakeholder management skills with the ability to build relationships at all levels. . You will have excellent attention to detail to ensure information is accurate, congruent, reliable, and is easily available to users for direct consumption or integration with other systems. . Candidates meeting the criteria, who are available for immediate start, would have a positive advantage.Jan 23, 2021Full timeData Management Lead Salary - £37,000- 45,000 pa Sheffield/Home Working My client is searching for an experienced Data Management and Assurance lead to join their team on a permanent basis The Role: As the Data Management and Assurance Lead you will lead on the design, governance, maintenance, support, performance and operation of the BI platform, assuring that data is stored, managed and analysed correctly and efficiently, using Microsoft Azure Services, MS SQL Server, Alteryx (Designer and Server) and Power BI Premium. Key Responsibilities: . Lead on the overall design, development and maintenance of the platform and its operations. . Lead on the catalogue management operation. . Lead on the onboarding of data feeds. . Regularly analyse data systems and assurance of the performance, integrity and quality of the data model and records. . Initiate data improvement and data automation strategies based on regular assessments. . Liaise with vendors and partners to seek new ways of improving the data systems or reducing the costs of current systems and regularly troubleshoot processes to ensure the most time and cost-effective processes. . Support the Lead Business and Insights Analysts and Data and Insights Analysts with the development of workflows and visualisations. . Provide subject matter expertise for key BI platform core functions. . Ensure analysis delivery is accurate, reliable and outcome driven. . Provide subject matter expertise for key BI core functions. Skill and experience: . You will be educated to degree level or equivalent or experienced in a related subject matter. . You will have a previous experience, in a similar role, as a Database Manager, where you have designed and maintained ETL platforms; undertaking planning, defining, and designing database and data workflows, based on business requirements. . Advanced experience of using MS Azure, SQL Server, SSIS is essential, experience of Alteryx and Power BI premium is desirable. . You will be able to demonstrate advanced excel skill set and data analysis skills. . You will have great stakeholder management skills with the ability to build relationships at all levels. . You will have excellent attention to detail to ensure information is accurate, congruent, reliable, and is easily available to users for direct consumption or integration with other systems. . Candidates meeting the criteria, who are available for immediate start, would have a positive advantage.Customer Experience Leader (Sheffield)SKY Sheffield, YorkshireWant to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe's leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work - a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine. Join us as a Customer Experience Leader in our contact centre and you'll enjoy the freedom and support you need to make an impact: making fans of the products you love, hitting targets and delivering cracking customer service. Expect industry-leading benefits. Plus, experiences you'll only find at Sky. What you'll do: 37.5 hours per week Flexible across Monday - Sunday, 5 out of 7 days between the hours of 07:00 am and 23:00pm - Engage, motivate and inspire your team to give their best. - Provide guidance and support whenever needed. - Help your team to have the best conversations with customers. - Put the customer service at the heart of everything you do. - Take pride in seeing them flourish. What you'll bring: - Demonstrate a proven ability to motivate, empower, coach and develop people. - Track record of leading large teams in a contact centre environment or similar. - Enjoy a sense of ownership. - Be comfortable in working to and delivering on your own KPI's. Inclusion: Cv's aren't everything. We're more focused on who you are and the potential you'll bring to Sky. We'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, let our Recruitment Team know by emailing: The Benefits: There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of benefits really are something special, here are just a few: - Free Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place - Discounted Mobile and broadband - Bonus incentives - We offer a whole range of benefits to support you in all areas of your finances, health and lifestyle, such as, a generous pension plan, healthcare and discounts to over 800 retailers to name a few. A range of benefits to support you in all areas of your finances, health and lifestyle, such as, a generous pension plan, healthcare, sharesave and discounts to over 800 retailers. Where you'll work: Sky, Sheffield Service Contact Centre, 2 Ventana House, Concourse Way, Sheffield S1 2BJ Why wait? Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can't wait to hear from you. To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about. Just so you know: if your application is successful, we'll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.Jan 22, 2021Full timeWant to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe's leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work - a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine. Join us as a Customer Experience Leader in our contact centre and you'll enjoy the freedom and support you need to make an impact: making fans of the products you love, hitting targets and delivering cracking customer service. Expect industry-leading benefits. Plus, experiences you'll only find at Sky. What you'll do: 37.5 hours per week Flexible across Monday - Sunday, 5 out of 7 days between the hours of 07:00 am and 23:00pm - Engage, motivate and inspire your team to give their best. - Provide guidance and support whenever needed. - Help your team to have the best conversations with customers. - Put the customer service at the heart of everything you do. - Take pride in seeing them flourish. What you'll bring: - Demonstrate a proven ability to motivate, empower, coach and develop people. - Track record of leading large teams in a contact centre environment or similar. - Enjoy a sense of ownership. - Be comfortable in working to and delivering on your own KPI's. Inclusion: Cv's aren't everything. We're more focused on who you are and the potential you'll bring to Sky. We'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, let our Recruitment Team know by emailing: The Benefits: There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of benefits really are something special, here are just a few: - Free Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place - Discounted Mobile and broadband - Bonus incentives - We offer a whole range of benefits to support you in all areas of your finances, health and lifestyle, such as, a generous pension plan, healthcare and discounts to over 800 retailers to name a few. A range of benefits to support you in all areas of your finances, health and lifestyle, such as, a generous pension plan, healthcare, sharesave and discounts to over 800 retailers. Where you'll work: Sky, Sheffield Service Contact Centre, 2 Ventana House, Concourse Way, Sheffield S1 2BJ Why wait? Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can't wait to hear from you. To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about. Just so you know: if your application is successful, we'll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedInParent and Partner sites: IT Job Board | Construction Job Board | Right Talent | Jobs near me India | Part time jobs near me | Jobs near me USA© 2008-2021 Search Jobs Near Me"
