"HOW TO GET YOUR DREAM JOB | Success4Success 4LIFESCHOOLSBUSINESSMEDIAMISSIONARTICLESTRUSTED COACHESCONTACTBy Success49HOW TO GET YOUR DREAM JOBSomething I’m often asked is ‘How do I get a job at Social Chain’, and I think the answer to that, and the answer to how to get any job you really can be answered, in my opinion, relatively straightforwardly, but of course it will take a lot of hard work to execute correctly.FIGURING OUT HOW YOU CAN SNATCH THEIR ATTENTION IS THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF THIS PROCESS, THIS IS WHERE YOU GET CREATIVE AND CAN HAVE A LOT OF FUN AND SCORE A HUGE AMOUNT OF POINTS WITH THE PERSON WHO CAN GRANT YOU AN INTERVIEW.There are two parts to getting your dream jobThe first part is getting an interview, and the second part is passing the interview.PART ONE – Getting an interviewThis is a massive task in itself. It’s essentially a battle to get somebody’s attention.One thing I do not understand is why in 2016 when you’re applying for a creative job, you would use the most uncreative thing possible – a CV, to prove to someone how creative you are. It makes no sense.A CV is just an egotistical document full of clichés about how enthusiastic you are, everyone’s enthusiastic. You’re drastically limiting your chances of getting the attention of who you desire if you do something that everyone else is doing. If you apply with a CV at Social Chain, you will undoubtedly become another piece of paper on top of an ever-growing pile of paper.What you have to understand is that there is someone at that company that you need to convince to see you, there is one person that can make that call to grant you an interview and they’re probably busy and they probably get a lot of applications.So what you have to do is –Work out who they areStalk them onlineFigure out how you can snatch their attentionThe best way to work out who that person is is to either go on their website and look at the team section, or go on LinkedIn and look at the company’s page and view the employee’s, or do an extensive Google search.The next part is to find them online and see what their interests are and what they’re talking about currently, have they been to any events recently? What has happened in their life that you can reference to interest them in your application?Figuring out how you can snatch their attention is the most important part of this process, this is where you get creative and can have a lot of fun and score a huge amount of points with the person who can grant you an interview.Make your application personable. Hand write their name on a big gold box, make it sincere, make it fun, make it a game. If you’re a good stalker, you might find out that they like cats, involve cats. If you find out they’ve just quit smoking, figure out a way to incorporate that, the point here is if you’re trying to prove to someone how creative you are, that starts with the application.As someone who gets hundreds of CV’s every month, I will only stop what I’m doing and look at an application if its personalised, it’s fun, if it’s a game, if it’s something different. If you send me a CV, I’ll be honest, I won’t read it, so be as creative as you’re professing to be or just don’t waste your time.The second point to getting your dream job is how to pass the interview once you’ve got it.There is one key thing you have to bear in mind here, people hire people, not qualifications. So forget how qualified you are for a second, if you can’t get the interviewer to fall in love with you as a person, you’ve got very little chance, because them offering you a job is them voting that they want you around this place every single day, and ask yourself, who wants someone around who isn’t fun, happy, passionate and likeable? Those personal traits become worth more than your credentials.Fitting the culture, at our company, is more than 50% of the decision. I’ve noticed that the first thing our managers do when they’ve interview someone is come out and say ‘I loved her’ or ‘I liked him’, and then secondly, they’ll talk about how qualified they are for that role.I sit maybe 50 metres away from the room where the interview takes place, and I now have a 100% record of being able to tell if the person has got the job just by watching the room and seeing the person’s body language. The amount of laughing that’s happening, the amount of smiles in the room. People hire people, not qualifications, so focus on showing how amazing you are as a person and not just as a professional.Combine these two parts with an insanely creative plan of execution and you’ll be putting yourself in an amazing position to get the opportunity you want.Did you enjoy this article?Share on: f tLeave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.BACK TO BLOGSuccess4 – Charity Event Friday 15th September 2017To celebrate the launch of Success4 and all the work we have been doing to connect our coaches to their clients, we will be hosting a launch event on Friday 15th September at the Mercure Hotel in Norwich. The event will be your chance to network with all our of coaches and meet new clients. […]Success4 Eventbrite – Tickets now on sale!Not feeling that buzz in life or just not where you want to be in business then this event is a must to get you or your business team motivated. Join us for the launch of the new Success4 Business here in Norwich. Enjoy the evening with a sit down meal and listen to Guest […]Success4 go GUNG-HOJoin us on the 16th of September for Norwich Gung-Ho. On the 15th on September 2017 we are having our launch event (get your tickets today) and for this we have teamed up with the charity MIND. We have decided to continue this support onto the 16th of September for the GUNG-HO run. This is […]f t nSIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES/©2021 Success4. By using this website, you agree that we can set and use cookies. For more details of these cookies and how to disable them, see our cookie policy. Web design by Tessellate."
