"Anthem Inc. Veterans Jobs - Field Adv Practice Provider - $5000 Sign On Bonus in Downey, California, United StatesAnthem Inc. Veterans JobsJob InformationAnthem, Inc. Field Adv Practice Provider - $5000 Sign On Bonus in Downey, CaliforniaDescriptionSHIFT: Day JobSCHEDULE: Full-timeYour Talent. Our Vision. At Aspire, a proud member of the Anthem, Inc. family of companies, it’s a powerful combination. It’s the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care.Aspire is a proven care delivery model for the highest-risk. We are a team of committed clinicians and business leaders passionate about transforming American healthcare delivery. We build and lead integrated, multi-disciplinary clinical teams to care for the most complex patients. We strive for excellence and have achieved significant and measurable improvement in total cost of care, clinical outcomes, and experience. As an Anthem subsidiary, we benefit from the scale and resources one of America’s largest managed healthcare organizations.$5,000 Sign On BonusWork Location – This position will cover the Seattle, Washington area. You must reside in the area or be within a reasonable commuting distance.About the Field Advanced Practice Provider Role:Our Nurse Practitioners and Physician Assistants play a vital role at Aspire – and this is an ideal choice for the individual who has the passion, devotion, and desire to impact the lives of the patients and families we serve in palliative care. Our NPs and PA’s collaborate with our Lead Physicians, the patient’s other physicians and providers, and their family members to develop complex plans of care in accordance with the patient’s health status and overall goals and values. Aspire has a network of support in our Patient Care Center, which enables us to provide a comprehensive network of clinical and non-clinical support to you. In addition, our NPs and PAs take part in weekly interdisciplinary team meetings, call schedules and scheduled in-service and education sessions.What you’ll be doing:You’ll be providing the Aspire services in home settings, traveling within your designated territory to provide excellent care to a small number of patients daily.This means you will develop and implement clinical plans of care for adult patients facing chronic and complex conditions (e.g., co-morbid medical and mental health diagnoses, limited personal resources, chronic medical conditions.) You will gather history and physical exam and diagnostics as needed, and then develop and implement treatment plans given the patient’s goals of care and current conditions.An important element of the role is the ability to meet the patient’s and family’s physical and psychosocial needs with support and input from the Aspire inter-disciplinary team.Our NP/PAs educate patients and families about medication usage, side effects, illness progression, diet and nutrition, medical adherence and crisis anticipation and prevention.Each day, you will be in contact with other Aspire clinical team members, patients’ other physicians and patients’ other medical providers to coordinate optimal care and resources for the patient and his or her family – in a timely basis and consistent with state regulations and Aspire Health standards and policy.You’ll be supported along the way by our Patient Care Center, which provides another layer of interaction with the patient and patient families, and provides our NP’s and PA’s clinical and non-clinical administrative support.Each day, you’ll maintain patient medical records and medical documentation consistent with state regulations and Aspire Health standards and policy through our EMR system.Participate in continuing education as required by the state where you reside.Prescribe medication as permitted by your state prescribing authority.Other related duties as deemed necessary.QualificationsFamily or Adult Nurse Practitioner or Physician Assistant with appropriate certification and licensure in the state of Washington is required.2 years of clinical experience in home-based services, complex cases, and hospice and/or palliative care is preferred; some bedside hospital, oncology, ER or ICU experience is highly preferred.Possession of DEA registration or eligibility required.Must reside in Seattle, Washington or be within a reasonable commuting distance.Reliable automobile, valid driver’s license and minimum state required liability auto insurance.Mileage is reimbursed as you travel in your personal vehicle to scheduled appointments daily.Experience working with EMR (Electronic Medical Records) systems is preferredExcellent oral and written communication skills to ensure that each of your interactions with patients, family caregivers, clinicians, and team members is effective and meaningful.Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and has been named a 2019 Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran. Anthem promotes the delivery of services in a culturally competent manner and considers cultural competency when evaluating applicants for all Anthem positions.REQNUMBER: PS43718-USApply NowApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaField Adv Practice Provider - $5...DowneyCaliforniaClear All"
