"Digital Specialist - Belgravia Health & Leisure Group Pty Ltd | Expr3ss!HelpLoginJob DetailsSorry! Javacript must be enabled to use these pages. Please enable Javascript and return.Applicants have voted on the ease, speed and acceptability of making an application herePrint-friendly Job Ad with web address and scannable QRCodeDigital Specialist at Belgravia Health & Leisure Group Pty LtdApply NowDigital SpecialistVIC, Bayswater Head Office Location - Melbourne 3000Join one of the fastest growing leisure management organisations in Australia and New Zealand, with over 30 years’ industry experience.Full-time role, Flexible location, Victoria75,000 to 80,000 base + SuperannuationInnovative, fun and fast-paced environment to make your markAbout Belgravia LeisureBelgravia Leisure is part of the Belgravia Health and Leisure Group (BHLG) and is the fastest growing leisure organisation in Australia. Our core areas of business and facilities stewardship include health clubs, attractions, tourism and wellness, golf, aquatic and sporting venues in 200 locations across Australia and New Zealand.Role purposeAs part of the next phase in our Digital transformation process, we are looking for an experienced Digital / SEO Specialist. The ideal candidate will be able to take us to the next level by enhancing Belgravia Leisure's portfolio of websites' online visibility in a highly competitive market.To be successful in this position, you will need to thrive in a fast paced, competitive environment. In this role you will be required to always be looking for the next opportunity to take advantage of, to ensure that existing and potential customers can find us online when requiring our products and services. You will have to be solution driven and will be willing to challenge yourself and the status quo.Roles and responsibilitiesWorking closely with stakeholders across all Belgravia Leisure business units and verticals (Leisure, Attractions, Tourism, Wellness, Golf, etc) to define and execute SEO strategies for Belgravia Leisure’s portfolio of 130+ websites.Conducting timely SEO audits to identify areas of improvement and providing recommendations to ensure Belgravia Leisure is meeting all SEO best practices.Familiarity and working knowledge of tools such as SEMRush, Screaming Frog, Google Search Console and other SEO tools is mandatory.Advising and implementing on-site technical optimisations, including – metadata, breadcrumbs, page structure, redirects, schema, sitemaps, load speeds and more.Ensuring websites and important pages have optimised SEO.Conducting keyword audits and keyword research to identify new SEO opportunities.Preparing reports on the performance of new and ongoing SEO activities and initiatives.Management of all Belgravia Leisure digital assets and e-commerce platforms.Willingness to learn and upskill on the job to align with business requirements.Support all digital assets across Belgravia Leisure, where such support is required.About you5 years’ experience in successfully developing and executing SEO strategies.Agency experience advantageous and will be highly regarded.Ability to work autonomously with tight timelines and delivering on agreed KPIs.In-depth experience with SEO tools such as Ahrefs, Screaming Frog, SEMRush, as well as website analytics tools such as Google Search Console and Google Analytics.Working knowledge of Google Tag Manager deployment.Knowledge of keyword research and data mining tools.Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite, Google Sheets and Google Datastudio.Knowledge of ranking factors and search engine algorithms.Ability to prioritise activity based on business priorities and speed of results.A comprehensive understanding of link building and content creation for link attraction.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Google Ads certification is highly advantageous along with proficiency in managing medium to large scale PPC accounts in a variety of different business verticals.Experience with other aspects of Digital Marketing, such as customer growth, e-commerce, promotions, is a plus.You are up to date with the latest digital marketing trends and best practicesYou are a quick learner and a result driven digital marketing professionalIf you are looking to work in the health and fitness industry, to step into a big business and own this role – we want to hear from you. There is tremendous growth in our company and excellent career opportunities.Scan the QR Code with your device to go to this page.View Further information. View MapJob LocationPrint-friendly Job Ad with web address and scannable QRCodeThe employer's desired hours for this Job are…Desired hours shown may exceed the hours actually required if the Job has flexible hours or may be shared with other employees.Your Privacy and our Cookies Policy. Cookies make this site faster and easier for you to use. By continuing you agree to our use of cookies /more….At Expr3ss! our vision is to connect awesome people with awesome jobs they will love and flourish in. That's all we do with your data… nothing else. We use cookies to speed loading our content from our Cloudflare Content Delivery Network, to remember usernames for any logins and to analyse our website traffic. You consent to these cookies by continuing to use our website. By completing a Job Application you consent to being contacted about your Application. Your information is never shared by Expr3ss! either with any other employers or any third parties. You may withdraw this consent at any time. Our full Contact Details, Terms, Conditions and Privacy Statement are available hereTerms & Conditions Privacy Copyright © Expr3ss! Pty Ltd 2005 - 2021 All Rights Reserved"
