"BSEB Employment Notice No. 07/11 appointment of Engineers 2012 - Latest Employment News, Sarkari Naukri, Current Vacancy and Rozgar Samachar.skip to main | skip to sidebarHomeBankExam DateUPSCFuture VacancYEmployment NewsB.TechDiplomaITIResultवाट्सएप पर सरकारी जॉब अलर्ट पाने के लिए निर्देशEnter your email address to get Latest Information on Jobs via E-MailTuesday, January 3, 2012BSEB Employment Notice No. 07/11 appointment of Engineers 2012Posted by Neelmani • 9:25 AM • Labels: B.TECH, Diploma in Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, JOBS IN BIHAR, JOBS IN PATNA, Mechancial Engg., Recruitment 2012BIHAR STATE ELECTRICITY BOARD, PATNA(Department of General Administration)Employment Notice No-07/2011Applications from eligible candidates are invited for appointment on the following temporary posts in the Bihar State Electricity Board:-Assistant Electrical Engineer (General Cadre)- ElectricalAssistant Electrical Engineer (General Cadre)-ElectronicsAssistant Executive Engineer (GTO Cadre)-ElectricalAssistant Executive Engineer (GTO Cadre)- ElectronicsAssistant Executive Engineer (GTO Cadre)- MechanicalJunior Electrical Engineer (General Cadre)- ElectricalJunior Electrical Engineer (General Cadre)- ElectronicsJunior Electrical Engineer (GTO Cadre)- ElectricalJunior Electrical Engineer (GTO Cadre)- ElectronicsJunior Electrical Engineer (GTO Cadre)- MechanicalMinimum marks required in the final year Degree Engineering/ Diploma EngineeringFor All post code Minimum Percentage in Degree Engineering/ Diploma Engineeringfinal year examUR SC ST BC EBC65% 50% 50% 60% 60%The relaxation in marks will be available only to those SC, ST, BC, and EBC candidates, who are domicile of Bihar. Female (BC) will get marks relaxation as per their Category.Probation Period: - Three years from the date of appointment.5.0 Reservation:-5.1 Reservation will be given in terms of reservation rules and policies as per Govt. of BiharRules.5.2 The benefit of reservation is available only to the permanent domiciles of Bihar. TheCandidate who claims for reservation benefit will have to submit the application alongwith the Caste and Creamy Layer Certificate issued by the Competent Authority of his/her home district in the prescribed Performa of Govt. of Bihar issued not more than a yearbefore. The Candidates belonging to SC/ST are not required to submit the Creamy LayerCertificate.5.3 If a Candidate does not produce valid certificate of caste & creamy layer, PhysicallyHandicapped, Land looser/ Land displaced persons or domicile etc., (as applicable), inoriginal at the time of document's verification, his/ her claim for such reservation benefitwill be forfeited and his/ her Candidature will be considered under UR category/ generalcandidate.6. 0 Application Fee:-6.1 Application fee is Rs. 1000/- (Rupees One Thousand) only for all categories exceptSC/ST of Bihar domicile, for whom it will be Rs. 250/- (Rupees Two hundred fifty) only.For regular/ contract employees of BSEB the application fee will be Rs.400/-(Rs.FourHundred) only for all categories and Rs.100/- (Rs.One hundred) for SC/ST candidate ofBihar Domicile only.6.2 Application fee is to be deposited in the BSEB Current A/C No.- (Power Jyoti)31963202219 in any State Bank of India branch by filling a triplicate Chalan which maybe downloaded from prescribed website as mentioned at Sl. no. '9.0' and then obtainjournal Number from the bank after depositing required application fee before filling and submitting the 'ON LINE' application. The applicant must write journal Number, on the 5\"ON LINE\" auto generated application along with other details. The application fee isnon-refundable in any case. Therefore the candidates are advised to ensure that they areeligible for the applied post in all respect. Before submission of application \"ON LINE\"applicant must ensure that the journal Number entered is correct in all respect. In case ofnon-encashment of deposited fee due to any discrepancy, the application will be rejected.6.3 SC/ST candidates of other States will be treated as UR candidates even for the purpose ofApplication fee.7. 0 Mode of Selection:-7.1 (I) Selection will be made on the basis of marks obtained in written test andweightage marks if any, as defined in above para-2 B. The written test will be of2 hours of 100 marks. However by adding weightage marks as per para 2 B abovewith the marks obtained by the candidate in written test, the total marks shall notexceed 100.(II) Provisional Merit list of only those candidates will be prepared who will obtainminimum qualifying marks in the written test as per Government of Bihar normswhich is 40% for UR, 36.5% for BC 34% for EBC & 32% for SC/ST/ Female.7.2 (I) Candidates are required to submit a certificate or valid documents essentially tothe effect that they are well versed with computer knowledge or that they have studied computer papers during their courses of study, failing which their application will be rejected.(II) Those candidates who are regular or contract employees of BSEB and are found in the consideration zone on the basis of marks obtained in the written examination (including weightage marks for working experience, if any) shall have to pass the Computer Literacy Test (CLT) before being finally considered for appointment. Not passing the CLT will debar them from being considered forappointment.(III) Regular/ Contract employees of BSEB will have to submit certificates from theircontrolling officer that :-(a) His work performance and conduct has been satisfactory.(b) He has never been awarded any minor or major punishment(c) He has not participated in any strike.(d) He has never absented himself for a long period.(e) No criminal case has been lodged against him.8.0 How to apply:-8.1 The applicants are to apply through \"ON LINE\" on the Website ofhttp://examfeedback.org/bseb.asp or through the Website of B.S.E.B. at6http://bseb.bih.nic.in. The Website will be open from.09-01-2012 to.04-02-2012.After filling up the ON-LINE application; Candidates have to take a print out of the same. Print out of the application along with necessary certificates, as specified on Website, shall have to be sent through registered post/ speed post to- Joint Secretary (P. K. Govil), Bihar State Electricity Board, Department of General Administration, Vidyut Bhawan, Bailey Road, Patna-800001 so as to reach on or before the last date i.e. 13-02-2012.Application received after last date of receipt,due to postage delay or for any other reasons, shall not be considered.8.2 Print out of the filled in on line application form having auto generated Registrationnumber and Bank journal number must accompany two Passport size Photographs snapped within last six months out of which one should be pasted on the space provided on the application form and rest one photograph should be enclosed.8.3 Self signed, visible, and clear photocopy of the following certificates and mark sheets shall have to be attached with the application form:-(a.) Matriculation Mark-sheet,(b.) Marks sheet and passing certificate of Engineer Degree/ Diploma.(c.) Certificate of Matriculation in support of age,(d) In case of contract engineer of BSEB experience certificate issued byemployer and details of previous employment in chronological order.(e.) Caste and Creamy Layer Certificate issued by competent authority, ifreservation benefit is claimed,(f.) Any higher qualification certificate,(g.) If PHP Candidates, certificate from competent authority,(h.) If land loser/ land displaced person certificate issued from DistrictMagistrate/ Dy. Commissioner.(i.) Permanent Domicile Certificate.(j.) BSEB Copy of Chalan (in original).(k) An affidavit sworn before first Class Magistrate that he/ she will not claimfor any paste service benefit on the basis of contract experience as contractengineer / employee.8.4 One self addressed envelop of size 16 X 7 c.m. with postage stamp of Rs. 25/-affixed on must be enclose with the application.9.0 Easy steps to fill on-line applications:-9.1 (i) Go to Board websitehttp://examfeedback.org/ bseb.aspor http://bseb.bih.nic.in.7(ii) Click to fill on-line application for the post being applied for.(iii) Fill on-line application.(iv) Accept the filled up on-line application.(v) Auto generated registration number will appear on on-line application form.(vi) Save and print out the on-line application. Note down your registrationnumber for future reference.(vii) Now go again to above named website.(viii) Click to download your customized Bank Challan form.(ix) Mention your auto generated registration no. in specified column and pressenter.(x) Select the option of customized bank chalan, Triplicate customized Bank Challan will appear. Take print out of the same.(xi) Deposit the same duly filled with requisite application fee in any SBI branch.(xii) Bank will give a journal no. on the Challan.(xiii) Now go to the above named website and click on enter on Bank Challan deposit details and fill up the requisite columns and save Challan information.(xiv) Now wrtie the same journal no. on the printed copy of on-line application. Enclose all relevant documents as well as original copy of Challan and post the same (only through registered/ speed post).10.0 General Instructions:-10.1 The Print out application has to be sent only through registered/ speed post. Noapplication will be entertained or received through person. The name of the post mustbe super-scribed on the envelope containing the application.10.2 The person employed in Govt./ Semi Govt. organization/ Public sector must also sendthe additional copy of the print out of the on line application form through proper channel, so as to reach by 13-02-2012 . The envelop containing this application must clearly be super-scribed as \"through Proper Channel\" and name of the post appliedfor.10.3 The Candidates will be liable for serious legal action if any false information withrespect of name, father's name date of birth, address, educational qualification,percentage of marks, caste certificate, photographs etc. is furnished by him/ her.10.4 The centre for written test/ Computer literacy test will be normally in Bihar, butBoard reserves the right for deciding the examination centre.810.5 No TA/DA will be paid to the Candidate, if called for Written test/ Computer literacytest/ Counseling etc.10.6 The BSEB reserves right to cancel the selection process at any stage and increase or decrease the nos. of posts to be filled according to the exigencies of the Board.10.7 Each Candidate is required to submit only one application form. Submission of multiple applications will lead to cancellation of the Candidature.10.8 Selected Candidates will be called for document verification/ counseling.10.9 Minimum qualifying marks will be applicable for all categories (Unreserved/ Reserved) in written test as per prevalent norms of Govt. of Bihar (i.e General/UR=40%, B.C-36.5%, E.B.C-34%, S.C/S.T& Female-32%).10.10 Candidates are advised to possess a valid e-mail ID, which is to be entered in the onlineApplication form. The e-mail address specified in the application should be valid/ functional for at least 12 months from the date of the submission of application.10.11 Candidate having engineering degree in Electrical or Electronics can apply for both the posts of Assistant Electrical Engineer (General Cadre) and Assistant Executive Engineer (GTO Cadre) however he has to indicate the order of preference in the application. Similarly candidate having diploma in Electrical or Electronics can apply for both the posts of Junior Electrical Engineer (General Cadre) and Junior Electrical Engineer (GTO Cadre) however he has to indicate the order of preference in theapplication.Download Complete AdvertisementEmployment Notice No. 07/11Published on jobsnews.co.in (Click on the Labels below for more similar Jobs) Subscribe FOR FREE UPDATES ON VACANCIES NEWS by EmailEnter your email address to get Latest Information on Jobs :Related Posts : B.TECH, Diploma in Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, JOBS IN BIHAR, JOBS IN PATNA, Mechancial Engg., Recruitment 2012Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook0 comments:Post a CommentNewer Post Older Post HomeSubscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)Jobs Category10th academics admitcard Animal and Fisheries Apply Online August 2011 Automobile Engineering aviation B.Sc B.TECH bank BBA BCA BHEL JOBS BPSC C.A JOBS CAREER GUIDE Chemical Engineering CIVIL ENGINEERING Clercial Commercial computer Jobs DELHI TRANSCO LIMITED Dena Bank Diploma in Engineering DMLT Electrical Engineering Electronics Engineering Employment NewsPaper Experience Jobs Government Jobs Graduate Jobs HR Jobs IBPS India Posts institutes Insurance Inter Jobs Interview Jobs ITI JOBS Jobs for Female Jobs in SSC JOBS IN Uttarakhand Jobs in West Bengal Junior Engineer KEY TO ACHIEVE SUCCESS IN TELEPHONIC INTERVIEWS Library and Information Science Managerial Jobs Master of Arts Matric Jobs MBA Jobs MCA MEDICAL JOBS NPCIL NTPC PGT Pharma Jobs Private Jobs Professor Jobs Railway Receptionist Jobs Recruitment 2012 Recruitment 2013 RELIANCE JOBS Rozgar Samachar SAIL Security Jobs September social science Stenographer Survey Jobs Teachers Training Teaching Jobs Techical Jobs TGT Translator jobs UCO Bank Union Bank of India UPSC your queriesSearch for Jobs NewsSearch Engine for Jobs NewsWeekly Employment News UpdatesRozgar Samachar:Employment NewsPaperCurrent Issue : 28 january to 20 March 2017Latest Jobs News,Employment-Rozgar Samachar, Sarkari Naukri,Government Jobs, Current Vacancy and Recruitment News in India.Currently active Jobs in10th (13) B.A (7) B.Com (16) B.E (12) B.Ed (2) B.Sc (21) B.TECH (68) BBA (2) BCA (5) CA (3) Chemical Engineering (3) CIVIL ENGINEERING (58) computer Jobs (26) Diploma in Engineering (37) Electrical Engineering (30) Electronics Engineering (14) Experience Jobs (6) Graduate Jobs (89) Gramin Bank (7) HR Jobs (3) I.Sc (2) IBPS (15) India Posts (4) Indian Army (3) ITI JOBS (14) LLB (2) M.A. (2) M.COM (2) M.E (2) M.SC (7) M.TECH (4) Mass Comm (2) Master of Arts (2) Matric Jobs (21) MBA Jobs (22) MBBS (6) MCA (7) ME.M.TECH (3) Mechancial Engg. (25) MEDICAL JOBS (44) MSc (6) PGT (3) Ph.D (3) Pharma Jobs (7) Post Graduate jobs (10) Professor Jobs (11) PRT (1) Scientific Assistant (2) Security Jobs (2)State and City Wise JobsJOBS IN BHAGALPUR JOBS IN BIHAR JOBS IN Gujrat JOBS IN JHARKHAND JOBS IN KOLKATA JOBS IN Madhya Pradesh Jobs in Nagpur Jobs In New Delhi Jobs in Nuclear Power JOBS IN ORRISA JOBS IN PATNA JOBS IN PUNE Jobs in Ranchi JOBS IN TAMILNADU JOBS IN UTTAR PRADESH JOBS IN Uttarakhand Jobs in West BengalLast updated on 19th feb 2017: Check outEmployment News Launches SMS Job AlertsCLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBEFree Job Alert on Mobile by SMS or WhatsappGet FREE SMS UpdatesReceive Important News of Employment as SMS UpdatesTo Join us type following Message ON(space)jobsnewsand send it on 8084892500Career InsightsCAREER IN PRINT MEDIA*CAREER IN KNOWLEDGE PROCESS OUTSOURCING INDUSTRY*...KEY TO ACHIEVE SUCCESS IN TELEPHONIC INTERVIEWSCareer in Development CommunicationCareer in TranslationCareer in Pharmaceutical TechnologyHow to Plan your CareerCareers in media and media-related organizationsEducation and employment avenues in HorticultureCareer Opportunities in International BusinessCareer in Soft Skills TrainingRadiation Physics as a career optionCareer in Library and Information ScienceCAREER IN AGRICULTURERead More : CLICK HEREPopular VacanciesResult of Gramin Awas Paryavekshak, Awas Sahayak and Lekha Sahayak in BiharResult of Gramin Awas Paryavekshak, Awas Sahayak and Lekha Sahayak in Bihar ग्र...Vacancy in Manav Adhikar Seva Shakti,Patna (MASSP) 16922 PostsRecruitment for the post of teacher, clerk, officer, receptionist, in Manav Adhikar Seva Shakti ,Patna (MASSP) Manav Adhikar Sev...Junior Engineers(Civil-Mechanical) in Water Resources through BSSCBihar Staff Selection Commission, Govt of Bihar Veterinary college, Patna Competitive Examination for the Post of Junior Engineers - 2...176 (One hundred Seventy Six) posts of Junior Engineer (Civil).RURAL ENGINEERING SERVICES DEPTT., U.P. 176 (One hundred Seventy Six) posts of Junior Engineer (Civil). Deptt. No. :- S-12/67, Res...SubscribesPostsAtomPostsCommentsAtomCommentsNEELMANICareer GuidesLatest Employment News, Sarkari Naukri, Current Vacancy and Rozgar Samachar. © Copyright 2016 •| All rights reserved | Free Job alert Site of India|No. 01 Indian Site for Jobs, Vacancies News in India|© Copyright 2009-2016 Latest Employment News, Sarkari Naukri, Current Vacancy and Rozgar Samachar. All Rights Reserved.Template Design by Scholars Club | Published by Mani Square | Powered by Blogger.com."
