"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs9,030 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchDigital Media Spark Java Hive Finance Data Modeling Information Technology (IT) NetworkingRefine by SkillsData Science (9) Data Visualization (8) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Python (7) Analytics (6)Data Analysis (6) Software Engineering (6) Excel (5) Data Management (4) ETL (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Big Data (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) Cloud Computing (3) Data Testing (3) Machine Learning (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisBackend Data Engineer - Work for The Industry Leader in Horse Racing Wagering Technology!AmTote International RemoteBase Work Location – Position based in Hunt Valley, MD, with remote work consideration available. Note: Due to pandemic and based on business direction, positions are remote work full time until otherwise notified SUMMARY Ready to take a different path? Passionate about Technology? Love horse racing? Eager to work in a rapidly growing industry? Fascinated by the world of gambling and casinos? If you answered YES to any of these questions, the 1/ST TECHNOLOGY Group could be the right fit for you! 1/ST TECHNOLOGY is a global group of Technology, service, and wagering companies that provides B2B and B2C wagering and betting infrastructure for the horse racing and casino industries. Our companies and products include AmTote, Xpressbet, 1/ST BET, and PariMAX, and we are always eager to add enthusiastic and knowledgeable members to our growing team. Whether you’re a railbird, gamer, or you’re just passionate about Technology, and we’d love to find out if there’s a spot where...Jan 25, 2021Full-timeBase Work Location – Position based in Hunt Valley, MD, with remote work consideration available. Note: Due to pandemic and based on business direction, positions are remote work full time until otherwise notified SUMMARY Ready to take a different path? Passionate about Technology? Love horse racing? Eager to work in a rapidly growing industry? Fascinated by the world of gambling and casinos? If you answered YES to any of these questions, the 1/ST TECHNOLOGY Group could be the right fit for you! 1/ST TECHNOLOGY is a global group of Technology, service, and wagering companies that provides B2B and B2C wagering and betting infrastructure for the horse racing and casino industries. Our companies and products include AmTote, Xpressbet, 1/ST BET, and PariMAX, and we are always eager to add enthusiastic and knowledgeable members to our growing team. Whether you’re a railbird, gamer, or you’re just passionate about Technology, and we’d love to find out if there’s a spot where...Demand Generation ManagerQuorum Analytics Washington D.C., DC, USAConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Dec 29, 2020Full-timeConsistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. The Demand Generation Manager will help generate demand for Quorum by creating account-targeted campaigns to fill our inbound and outbound funnels. You will create campaigns using our website, email marketing via Hubspot, ads across a variety of channels, and an account-based marketing platform. While your work will benefit Quorum’s growth in a wide variety of ways, your success will primarily be measured by your ability to deliver warm leads from organizations within your...Software Engineer, Vehicle User Interface (C++)Tesla Austin, TX, USAThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Software Development EngineerAmazon San Diego, CA, USAAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Principal Data EngineerAmgen Tampa, FL, USAWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Senior Software Engineer/DeveloperFidelity Investments Westlake, TX, USAProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Database Platform EngineerTesla Fremont, CA, USAThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeThe role Do you want to own data platform projects that mean something? Tesla is searching for passionate Systems Reliability Engineers to do Database Engineering. Join our innovative Database Infrastructure engineering team. Build and support the systems that will fix the World’s energy problems. Make data systems run fast and run reliably so that our cars run fast and run reliably. Have you read the Google SRE book? Are you ready to apply those principles to improve database reliability and decrease toil at Tesla? In this role you will build the next generation data platform to deliver database related services on demand while reducing our infrastructure footprint. You will support the current fleet. You will automate. You will monitor. You will observe. You have solved critical business problems using observability and automation. You passionately build resilient, reliable and scalable databases and tools. Responsibilities Figure things out and...Sr. Software Engineericrunchdata Network San Jose, CA, USACome join us on our mission as we revolutionize energy storage to enable a sustainable future. We are developing batteries that will power the next generation of transportation. We agree that software is eating the world; as such, we are leaning on software to give us a competitive edge. We are looking for an energetic senior software engineer to augment our small, diverse team, in an exciting, multidisciplinary environment of chemists, materials scientists, process engineers, and physicists.You are an experienced engineer who loves moving quickly and working on groundbreaking technologies. You feel comfortable leading and supporting multiple projects at the same time. You bring outstanding insight towards solving our most difficult challenges. You resemble a true \"full stack\" engineer capable of working in an environment where the team is small but the projects are numerous and diverse.As a full stack engineer, you will architect novel and efficient cloud solutions using the latest...Jan 26, 2021Come join us on our mission as we revolutionize energy storage to enable a sustainable future. We are developing batteries that will power the next generation of transportation. We agree that software is eating the world; as such, we are leaning on software to give us a competitive edge. We are looking for an energetic senior software engineer to augment our small, diverse team, in an exciting, multidisciplinary environment of chemists, materials scientists, process engineers, and physicists.You are an experienced engineer who loves moving quickly and working on groundbreaking technologies. You feel comfortable leading and supporting multiple projects at the same time. You bring outstanding insight towards solving our most difficult challenges. You resemble a true \"full stack\" engineer capable of working in an environment where the team is small but the projects are numerous and diverse.As a full stack engineer, you will architect novel and efficient cloud solutions using the latest...Senior Data Scientist, WW Consumer Controllership Data Scienceicrunchdata Network Seattle, WA, USAAre you seeking an environment where you can drive innovation? Do you want to apply machine learning techniques and advanced statistical modeling to solve real world problems to help Amazon reach and delight millions of customers around the world? Do you want to play a crucial role in the future of Amazon's Operations?Every time an Amazon customer makes an order they leverage the most advanced and sophisticated supply chain the world has ever seen, Amazon Operations, and its global network comprising of cutting edge software, fulfillment centers, sort centers, delivery stations, airports, customer service centers, physical stores, robots, airplanes, trucks, vans, trucks, world class employees, trusted partners, and more. Conducting a symphony of this scale comes with significant costs. It also comes with the largest repository of supply chain data to exist that’s growing by billions of data points by the minute.Here in WW Consumer Controllership Data Science our data scientists...Jan 26, 2021Are you seeking an environment where you can drive innovation? Do you want to apply machine learning techniques and advanced statistical modeling to solve real world problems to help Amazon reach and delight millions of customers around the world? Do you want to play a crucial role in the future of Amazon's Operations?Every time an Amazon customer makes an order they leverage the most advanced and sophisticated supply chain the world has ever seen, Amazon Operations, and its global network comprising of cutting edge software, fulfillment centers, sort centers, delivery stations, airports, customer service centers, physical stores, robots, airplanes, trucks, vans, trucks, world class employees, trusted partners, and more. Conducting a symphony of this scale comes with significant costs. It also comes with the largest repository of supply chain data to exist that’s growing by billions of data points by the minute.Here in WW Consumer Controllership Data Science our data scientists...Lead, Software Development Engineericrunchdata Network San Francisco, CA, USAOur PurposeWe work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job TitleLead, Software Development EngineerJob Title: Lead Software Development EngineerRole Description: As a Lead Software Development Engineer, you are a key player on the Development team. You will apply your broad knowledge of modern web software technologies...Jan 26, 2021Our PurposeWe work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job TitleLead, Software Development EngineerJob Title: Lead Software Development EngineerRole Description: As a Lead Software Development Engineer, you are a key player on the Development team. You will apply your broad knowledge of modern web software technologies...Sr. Python Adminicrunchdata Network St Paul, MN, USACompany DescriptionNext level IncorporationJob DescriptionJob Position: Sr. Python Admin Location: ST. Paul, MN Job Description: · We are looking for Tech level python admin with hands on expertize in Python or R and with experience in dealing with the challenges of adopting open source software within organizations. Note: As Per The Client Requirement Consultant Should Have Strong Experience In Python And Any Open Source Admin is workable But At least Have 8-9 Years’ ExperienceConsultant Should Have good experience In R Programming & Python Admin.Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SummaryType: ContractFunction: Information TechnologyJan 26, 2021Company DescriptionNext level IncorporationJob DescriptionJob Position: Sr. Python Admin Location: ST. Paul, MN Job Description: · We are looking for Tech level python admin with hands on expertize in Python or R and with experience in dealing with the challenges of adopting open source software within organizations. Note: As Per The Client Requirement Consultant Should Have Strong Experience In Python And Any Open Source Admin is workable But At least Have 8-9 Years’ ExperienceConsultant Should Have good experience In R Programming & Python Admin.Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.SummaryType: ContractFunction: Information TechnologyMicrosoft .NET Application Developericrunchdata Network Fairfax County, VA, USAMicrosoft .NET Application DeveloperICF is seeking a Full Stack C# .Net Developer with 5 years experience developing a variety of web applications.This position will be responsible for performing as part of an integrated development team for custom and implementation projects within the .NET Enterprise platform.Key Responsibilities:Participate in developing new web applications using C#/ASP.NET FrameworkBasic Qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science5 years’ Experience with .NET, C#, ASP.NET MVC/Core and SQL Server in an n-tier architecture.Strong background in object oriented development techniquesRequired Experience:Experience with ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET CoreAbility to translate client requirements into solutions with minimal supervisionStrong experience in relational database design with SQL ServerExperience with ORM tools such as nHibernate, Entity Framework, Entity Framework CoreExperience with jQueryDetailed and clear understanding of HTML and Cascading Style...Jan 26, 2021Microsoft .NET Application DeveloperICF is seeking a Full Stack C# .Net Developer with 5 years experience developing a variety of web applications.This position will be responsible for performing as part of an integrated development team for custom and implementation projects within the .NET Enterprise platform.Key Responsibilities:Participate in developing new web applications using C#/ASP.NET FrameworkBasic Qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science5 years’ Experience with .NET, C#, ASP.NET MVC/Core and SQL Server in an n-tier architecture.Strong background in object oriented development techniquesRequired Experience:Experience with ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET CoreAbility to translate client requirements into solutions with minimal supervisionStrong experience in relational database design with SQL ServerExperience with ORM tools such as nHibernate, Entity Framework, Entity Framework CoreExperience with jQueryDetailed and clear understanding of HTML and Cascading Style...Cloud Solution Architect (Federal) - CTJicrunchdata Network Washington Court House, OH 43160, USAMicrosoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Growth mindset encourages each of us to lean in and learn what matters most to our customers, to create the foundational knowledge that enables us to make customer-first decisions in everything we do. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission.Microsoft Federal Microsoft Federal delivers a single unified organization centered around our customer: All critical customer functions are brought under the same organizational umbrella. Bringing together the breadth and depth in our space with a razor sharp focus on serving the U.S. Government.​ Our federal customers’ expectations of how to contract, interact, and partner with us are changing, and...Jan 26, 2021Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Growth mindset encourages each of us to lean in and learn what matters most to our customers, to create the foundational knowledge that enables us to make customer-first decisions in everything we do. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission.Microsoft Federal Microsoft Federal delivers a single unified organization centered around our customer: All critical customer functions are brought under the same organizational umbrella. Bringing together the breadth and depth in our space with a razor sharp focus on serving the U.S. Government.​ Our federal customers’ expectations of how to contract, interact, and partner with us are changing, and...Systems Engineer - Autonomous Drivingicrunchdata Network Pittsburgh, PA, USAAurora OverviewBringing self-driving vehicles to our roads is the most transformative opportunity of our generation. Aurora is taking a fresh start with the development of self-driving technology, combining excellence in AI, rigorous engineering, and a team with decades of experience building robots that work.Led by a team of seasoned experts, our mission is to deliver the benefits of self-driving technology safely, quickly, and broadly. We are designing the software and hardware to power the transportation of our future that will make our roads safer, give more people access to mobility, and reduce congestion and pollution in cities - improving the quality of life for all. The challenge in what we are endeavoring to achieve is transcendent; we are developing perhaps the world's most complex computing system and asking it to perform the task of transporting and keeping safe our most precious asset: human life.Aurora hires people who are excited to build the future of transportation....Jan 26, 2021Aurora OverviewBringing self-driving vehicles to our roads is the most transformative opportunity of our generation. Aurora is taking a fresh start with the development of self-driving technology, combining excellence in AI, rigorous engineering, and a team with decades of experience building robots that work.Led by a team of seasoned experts, our mission is to deliver the benefits of self-driving technology safely, quickly, and broadly. We are designing the software and hardware to power the transportation of our future that will make our roads safer, give more people access to mobility, and reduce congestion and pollution in cities - improving the quality of life for all. The challenge in what we are endeavoring to achieve is transcendent; we are developing perhaps the world's most complex computing system and asking it to perform the task of transporting and keeping safe our most precious asset: human life.Aurora hires people who are excited to build the future of transportation....Senior IT Systems Design Engineer (MA)icrunchdata Network Andover, MA, USAJob DescriptionSenior IT Systems Design Engineer(Principal System Integration Technologist)Raytheon Missiles & Defense Digital Technology (RMD DT)DT Program Execution – Solutions Design & ArchitectureNortheast US locationsHere at Raytheon Missiles & Defense (RMD), we work together as one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place. Our innovation spans all domains: from land and sea to air, space and cyberspace. We’re inspired by a noble mission that’s shared by RMD employees around the globe and an inclusive culture that empowers employees and celebrates their contributions.Our Digital Technology (DT) organization ensures that RMD teams across the globe are able to communicate, collaborate and innovate for customer success. We create leading-edge technology solutions to prevent security threats and protect the integrity of our systems. As a Senior IT Systems Design Engineer you will collaborate and partner with a diverse...Jan 26, 2021Job DescriptionSenior IT Systems Design Engineer(Principal System Integration Technologist)Raytheon Missiles & Defense Digital Technology (RMD DT)DT Program Execution – Solutions Design & ArchitectureNortheast US locationsHere at Raytheon Missiles & Defense (RMD), we work together as one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place. Our innovation spans all domains: from land and sea to air, space and cyberspace. We’re inspired by a noble mission that’s shared by RMD employees around the globe and an inclusive culture that empowers employees and celebrates their contributions.Our Digital Technology (DT) organization ensures that RMD teams across the globe are able to communicate, collaborate and innovate for customer success. We create leading-edge technology solutions to prevent security threats and protect the integrity of our systems. As a Senior IT Systems Design Engineer you will collaborate and partner with a diverse...System Engineer - Cloud / IT Infrastructureicrunchdata Network Boston, MA, USAMendix is on a mission to enable anyone in any organization – from the marketing coordinator to the software developer to the CEO – to create things that are transformational for their company. We are fundamentally reinventing the way applications are created and we’re reinventing the future of software development. Sounds ambitious, right? We agree.Not to brag, but nearly 4,000 organizations worldwide, including KLM, Medtronic, Merck, and Philips, rely on Mendix to build web and mobile applications. Thousands of our customers use our platform to delight their clients and empower their employees. It’s no surprise that we’re a recognized Leader by Gartner and Forrester in a red-hot market expected to exceed $21 billion by 2022. Ok, maybe we did want to brag a little. But we’re proud of what we’ve accomplished…and…we’re humble enough to admit that we need you to make us even more effective.We're investing to accelerate our momentum and we're looking to grow our IT Support team. If you...Jan 26, 2021Mendix is on a mission to enable anyone in any organization – from the marketing coordinator to the software developer to the CEO – to create things that are transformational for their company. We are fundamentally reinventing the way applications are created and we’re reinventing the future of software development. Sounds ambitious, right? We agree.Not to brag, but nearly 4,000 organizations worldwide, including KLM, Medtronic, Merck, and Philips, rely on Mendix to build web and mobile applications. Thousands of our customers use our platform to delight their clients and empower their employees. It’s no surprise that we’re a recognized Leader by Gartner and Forrester in a red-hot market expected to exceed $21 billion by 2022. Ok, maybe we did want to brag a little. But we’re proud of what we’ve accomplished…and…we’re humble enough to admit that we need you to make us even more effective.We're investing to accelerate our momentum and we're looking to grow our IT Support team. If you...Sr. IoT Architecticrunchdata Network San Diego County, CA, USAAre you passionate about the intersection of cloud computing, mobile applications, and the Internet-of-Things (IoT)? Do you have the ability to put together unique cutting-edge solutions that bring together IoT/Mobile devices and data? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking an IoT architect to work with our customers to craft cloud-based IoT solutions.At AWS, customer obsession is in our DNA. The successful candidate will become a trusted adviser to our customers and will work with AWS sales, business development, solution architects, and our IoT service team to drive mobile-related adoption and revenue. This will include showcasing service such as AWS IoT, Cognito, API Gateway, and Lambda.Would you like to be part of a team focused on increasing adoption of the AWS platform by engaging with companies and app developers building IoT and Mobile solutions? Do you have the...Jan 26, 2021Are you passionate about the intersection of cloud computing, mobile applications, and the Internet-of-Things (IoT)? Do you have the ability to put together unique cutting-edge solutions that bring together IoT/Mobile devices and data? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking an IoT architect to work with our customers to craft cloud-based IoT solutions.At AWS, customer obsession is in our DNA. The successful candidate will become a trusted adviser to our customers and will work with AWS sales, business development, solution architects, and our IoT service team to drive mobile-related adoption and revenue. This will include showcasing service such as AWS IoT, Cognito, API Gateway, and Lambda.Would you like to be part of a team focused on increasing adoption of the AWS platform by engaging with companies and app developers building IoT and Mobile solutions? Do you have the...Application And Data Security Engineericrunchdata Network Warren County, NJ, USACompany DescriptionOpen Systems Technologies is a national provider of smart staffing solutions, providing contract staffing, permanent placements and executive searches in the following skill areas:- Technology- Finance, Accounting, and Operations- Government Services- Legal- Global ServicesEstablished in New York in 1990, Open Systems Technologies is one of the largest, privately held, staffing companies in the world. We have experienced organic growth over the past 25 years and currently employ over 1,500 consultants in 16 domestic and international markets. Through our brands of Open Systems, OST Financial, OST Legal, OST Government Services, and OST Global we strive for continued expansion and excellence in the staffing industry. With the Global Services division, starting Jan-2012, Open Systems has expanded into the ITO & BPO Projects/Solutions business.Job DescriptionQualifications10 years’ experience with application and data security across multiple platforms, operating...Jan 26, 2021Company DescriptionOpen Systems Technologies is a national provider of smart staffing solutions, providing contract staffing, permanent placements and executive searches in the following skill areas:- Technology- Finance, Accounting, and Operations- Government Services- Legal- Global ServicesEstablished in New York in 1990, Open Systems Technologies is one of the largest, privately held, staffing companies in the world. We have experienced organic growth over the past 25 years and currently employ over 1,500 consultants in 16 domestic and international markets. Through our brands of Open Systems, OST Financial, OST Legal, OST Government Services, and OST Global we strive for continued expansion and excellence in the staffing industry. With the Global Services division, starting Jan-2012, Open Systems has expanded into the ITO & BPO Projects/Solutions business.Job DescriptionQualifications10 years’ experience with application and data security across multiple platforms, operating...Python Developericrunchdata Network Totowa, NJ, USAJob DescriptionHi All,Python C# engineerDenver,CODuties and responsibilitiesCollaborate with internal business customers to identify the business goalCollaborate with architects and business analysts to determine functionalities.Develop and document design, source base and architecture.Maintain and manage existing source bases.Design, develop and implement solutions to users needs and requirements.Review and improvise code.Run tests and fix bugs.Develop technical solutions to complex business problems.Design and develop technical solutions for enterprise-level projects.Design and develop data analysis solutions.Ensure delivery of technical solution through planning, issue resolution, development support, and customer adoptionQualifications:Bachelor s degree (preferably in Business, Finance, or IT) or equivalent education/experience5 years experience in development & delivering projectsAgile experienceExperience with C#, Python APIs & FrameworkExperience with Dev-Ops principles.Jan 26, 2021Job DescriptionHi All,Python C# engineerDenver,CODuties and responsibilitiesCollaborate with internal business customers to identify the business goalCollaborate with architects and business analysts to determine functionalities.Develop and document design, source base and architecture.Maintain and manage existing source bases.Design, develop and implement solutions to users needs and requirements.Review and improvise code.Run tests and fix bugs.Develop technical solutions to complex business problems.Design and develop technical solutions for enterprise-level projects.Design and develop data analysis solutions.Ensure delivery of technical solution through planning, issue resolution, development support, and customer adoptionQualifications:Bachelor s degree (preferably in Business, Finance, or IT) or equivalent education/experience5 years experience in development & delivering projectsAgile experienceExperience with C#, Python APIs & FrameworkExperience with Dev-Ops principles.Cloud Engineering Principalicrunchdata Network Irvine, CA, USAReq ID: 34742 Location: Irvine, CAOther location(s): San Antonio (TX) Relocation benefits offered: Yes Travel required: a. Up to 25% “I can be myself at work.”You define yourself by more than just a job title, and we want you to feel comfortable bringing your true self to work. We value your talents, your traditions and your take on the world ̶ everything that makes you unique. We’re working hard to advance diversity, equity and inclusion in our organization and our communities because we know that what makes us different makes us better.We want you to feel a strong sense of belonging. We value and welcome your experiences, ideas and identity. Over 40 employee resource groups unite our people and help to develop our collective empathy through unfiltered conversations about race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, faith, disabilities, mental health and so much more.“I can influence my income.”You want to feel recognized at work. Your performance will be reviewed...Jan 26, 2021Req ID: 34742 Location: Irvine, CAOther location(s): San Antonio (TX) Relocation benefits offered: Yes Travel required: a. Up to 25% “I can be myself at work.”You define yourself by more than just a job title, and we want you to feel comfortable bringing your true self to work. We value your talents, your traditions and your take on the world ̶ everything that makes you unique. We’re working hard to advance diversity, equity and inclusion in our organization and our communities because we know that what makes us different makes us better.We want you to feel a strong sense of belonging. We value and welcome your experiences, ideas and identity. Over 40 employee resource groups unite our people and help to develop our collective empathy through unfiltered conversations about race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, faith, disabilities, mental health and so much more.“I can influence my income.”You want to feel recognized at work. Your performance will be reviewed...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
