"Social Worker 2 | Nurse JobberTable of ContentsThis job board retrieves part of its jobs from: Professional Careers | Arizona Jobs | Healthcare JobsFind jobs in the healthcare sector today!To post a job, login or create an account | Post a JobNursing jobsBringing the best, highest paying job offers near youRecruiters: Post a Job!Social Worker 2Centre for Addiction and Mental Health - CAMHHealthcare	This is a	Contract position in	Toronto, ON posted	July 29, 2020.EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITYSocial Worker 2Adult Neurodevelopmental ServicesComplex Care and RecoveryPosition Description:The Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) is the largest mental health and addiction teaching hospital, as well as one of the world’s leading research centres in the area of addiction and mental health. The Adult Neurodevelopmental Services (formally known as the Dual Diagnosis Service) is part of the Complex Care and Recovery Program at CAMH. The Complex Care and Recovery Program is currently seeking a full-time temporary (1 year), Social Worker 2 to work in the Adult Neurodevelopmental Services. Reporting to the Manager and working as a member of an interprofessional team, you will provide innovative inpatient and outpatient specialized/tertiary services to individuals with a mental health and a developmental disability. Your target population of clients will include individuals with Developmental Disability such as Autism Spectrum Disorder and/or Intellectual Disability with co-occurring mental health and medical issues. You will use bio-psychosocial and systemic approaches to: complete psychosocial assessments; contribute to the formulation of treatment plans; lead and be accountable for providing individual, family, psychoeducation and appropriate therapies. Clinical consultation will be provided across CAMH programs and to clients, families and external service providers to support clients in community settings. The Social Worker 2 will participate in clinical team reviews and lead transition/discharge planning processes and meetings; participate in continuous quality improvement initiatives, committees, program development and supervision of students, as well as support the services academic and research mandate. Accountability for clinical documentation and other duties as assigned are required parts of the role. You will support a healthy workplace that embraces diversity and complies with all applicable and regulatory requirements. . This position requires flexible hours across the work week (evening/weekends) which will vary across the calendar year. This position is located at 1001 Queen Street West.Qualifications:The successful candidate will possess a Master’s of Social Work degree combined with three (3) years of post-graduate clinical experience in a health care facility working with individuals with mental health issues. Preference will be given to candidates who have experience working with the target population as well as their families. You will be a registered member in good standing with the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers. You must be eligible for an adjunct faculty appointment with the faculties of social work that has affiliation agreements with CAMH. As an academic teaching hospital, it is an expectation you will supervise social work students. The successful candidate will also possess excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills in order to effectively manage complex clinical work in a self-directed manner and as a member of a dynamic interprofessional team. The ability to engage in self-directed complex work in a collaborative, collegial interprofessional team is essential. Experience working with community-based providers, supporting clients in community settings, facilitating groups, and experience with research processes is required. Experience utilizing Cognitive Behaviour Therapy is an asset. Effective leadership, decision-making, and problem solving skills are required. Hospital experience plus community based work experience with individuals with mental illness and/or addictions is an asset. The ability to work with clients of diverse cultural and social backgrounds is necessary. Computer literacy is required. Familiarity with computer-based programs (MS Office, Outlook) is essential. Bilingualism (French/English) or proficiency in a second language would be an asset.Please Note: This full-time, temporary (1 year) position is part of the OPSEU Bargaining Unit.Salary Range: $35.42 – $47.73 per hourCAMH is a Tobacco-Free Organization.CAMH is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto and is a teaching hospital and research institute. As a CAMH employee you will be expected to actively support CAMH’s teaching and research activities, in addition to supporting the clinical work of the hospital.As an employment equity employer CAMH actively seeks Aboriginal peoples, visible minorities, women, people with disabilities, (including people with who have experienced mental health and substance use challenges), and additional diverse identities for our workforce.We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. If contacted for an interview, please inform us should accommodation be required.jobillicoCAONTorontonullToronto, Ontarionullnullfilter_3https://www.jobillico.com/fast-postulation/4569366/?ji_visitsrc=142Click here to applyPopular CategoriesHealthcare60382Popular CitiesToronto, ON1107Vancouver, BC711Winnipeg, MB646San Antonio, TX327Oklahoma City, OK248Hamilton, ON233Halifax, NS212Saskatoon, SK210Ottawa, ON199Tyler, TX191Phoenix, AZ174Scarborough, ON170Seattle, WA169Los Angeles, CA166Oakville, ON161Reset PasswordLoginPost a JobAll rights reservedPost a job"
