"We Hire America Jobs - Lockheed Martin Control Account Manager/ Project Engineer (early to mid-career) in Huntsville, Alabama, United StatesWe Hire America JobsWeHireAmerica.jobs is a service of HR Policy Foundation and DirectEmployers Association. These two non-profit organizations are providing this free resource to help educators, policy makers and job seekers understand the great employment opportunities available here in the U.S. at some of America's biggest and best companies.Whatjob title, keywordsWherecity, state, countryHome View All Jobs (140,094)Job InformationLockheed Martin Control Account Manager/ Project Engineer (early to mid-career) in Huntsville, AlabamaDescription: The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space.Defending against modern day missile threats requires constant collaboration and innovation. That’s why we’re able to integrate systems from end to end so you can detect, control and engage the full spectrum of missile threats across every domain! It’s why we’re investing in disruptive technology like directed energy, space-based capabilities and solid state-radar. To build layers of defense that help keep us all safe.Shooting a missile down with a missile was once a concept only dreamed up in science fiction novels. We’ve made it scientific fact!So what does it take to spot an enemy missile launch, identify its intended target, calculate its exact trajectory, launch an interceptor and guide it to destroy the threat in mid-air? All in a matter of seconds? It’s not easy – but at Lockheed Martin, we help customers solve the world’s most sophisticated challenges. Our culture supports employees to dream big, perform with perfection and build incredible products. We provide the resources, encouragement and focus and if you have the passion and courage, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. Come, join our Program Management team in the dynamic world of Space. Here, we are driven by innovation and integrity. By applying the highest standards of business ethics and a forward-thinking mindset, we believe everything is within our reach – and yours -- as a Lockheed Martin employee.Our facility in Huntsville, AL has an immediate opportunity for an early to mid-career level Project Engineer who wants to join our mission. We seek a Control Account Manager (CAM) to be a part of the team developing the booster for the Next Generation Interceptor (NGI) program. In this role your duties will include leading, planning, budgeting, and managing the cost/schedule/technical performance for each assigned Control Account (CA). These control accounts are in support of the stand-up and execution of the NGI development contract.What will your typical responsibilities be in this Project Engineering/CAM role?• You will be responsible for dollar amounts up and through $400 million dollars spanning the lifecycle of the contract. You will effectively manage control account performance elevate concerns and issues where appropriate to program management, including other impacted control account managers• You will work with partnering organizations (Engineering, Supply Chain, Program/Project Management, etc) to ensure all processes are appropriately followed and implemented to ensure smooth product flow throughout the life-cycle.• You will identify risks and opportunities to the program Risk & Opportunity Control Board and implement approved mitigation plans• You will conduct closed loop corrective action to include thorough variance analysis, monitoring of cost/schedule mitigation activities, and corrective action adjustment as necessary• You will provide timely and accurate insight to key program impacts or opportunities to the Program Manager• You will address any 2nd level questions related to parts procurement status, headcount challenges, resource constraints, or safety and quality issues• You will complete all earned value management (EVM) assigned duties to include work authorization requests, estimate at complete review, schedule status, variance reporting, and comprehensive estimates at complete.Our employees working in this level of position typically have 5 - 10 years of experience.Join us. Let’s do Space!Basic Qualifications:• Bachelor's degree with a minimum 3-5 years of relevant professional experience, or equivalent experience/combined education• Knowledge of program life-cycle and how early milestones may drive future costs• Previous CAM (control account manager) or project lead experience• Must be a United States citizen• Must have an active Secret clearanceDesired Skills:• 5-10 years of project management and/or earned value management experience• PMP Certified• Risk and Opportunity Management experience• Previous Proposal, BOE (basis of estimate), and/or Negotiations experience• Experience supporting internal and external customer audits• Engineering experience with solid propulsion, ordnance and/or missile hardware development• Desire to enhance Program Management skills including communication, the ability to deal with unforeseen challenges, and building strong relationships• Demonstrated experience in driving complex issues or problems to successful closure• Strong problem solving, root cause, corrective action, and closure skills• Lead discussions and determine resolutions to problems• Demonstrate ability to work collaboratively with customer• Accept responsibility, accountability and exercise authority to ensure cost, schedule, and technical successBenefits you can enjoy include:To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually.• Medical• Dental• 401k• Paid time off• 25 three-day weekends• Work/life balance• Career development• Mentorship opportunities• Rewards & recognitionLearn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:job.QualificationsLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.EXPERIENCE LEVEL:Experienced ProfessionalApply NowLockheed MartinLockheed Martin JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaLockheed MartinControl Account Manager/ Project...HuntsvilleAlabamaClear AllAbout HR Policy FoundationAbout DirectEmployers Associationjobipedia.orgVeterans1100 13th Street NW, Suite 850, Washington, DC 20005(202) 789-8670info@hrpolicyfoundation.org7602 Woodland Drive, Suite 200 Indianapolis, IN 46278(866) 268-6206 toll free(317) 874-9000 localinfo@directemployers.org"
