"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs16 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchConsultant Admin-Clerical Customer Service Education Business DevelopmentRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Hospitality (9) Management (8) Skilled Labor (8) Sales (6) Accounting (5)Nonprofit-Social Services (5) Other (4) General Labor (3) Installation-Maint-Repair (3) Retail (3) Finance (2) Legal (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (12) Part time (3) Intern (1)Refine by Salary Range$20,000 - $40,000 (1) $40,000 - $75,000 (3)Email me jobs like thisLegal Assistant$20.00 - $25.00 hourlyFreeburg Law LLCThriving law firm seeks legal assistant for part-time to full-time position. Flexible schedule. About you: you like people (you will spend a lot of time talking to clients); you like technology (because you will use software to work smarter); and you are detail oriented (because those details make a difference for our clients). About the law firm: we do a mix of criminal defense and personal injury—the cases are interesting, you just won’t be able to discuss them outside of work. Training will be done in person, but there is the opportunity for some remote work. The firm is upgrading its current technology tools. If you're interested, you can help implement the technology and tell the story of how you improved the operations of a small business in your next job interview. Send your resume to [email protected] for a position description and next steps. No calls please.Jan 26, 2021Part timeThriving law firm seeks legal assistant for part-time to full-time position. Flexible schedule. About you: you like people (you will spend a lot of time talking to clients); you like technology (because you will use software to work smarter); and you are detail oriented (because those details make a difference for our clients). About the law firm: we do a mix of criminal defense and personal injury—the cases are interesting, you just won’t be able to discuss them outside of work. Training will be done in person, but there is the opportunity for some remote work. The firm is upgrading its current technology tools. If you're interested, you can help implement the technology and tell the story of how you improved the operations of a small business in your next job interview. Send your resume to [email protected] for a position description and next steps. No calls please.Bookkeeper/Administrative Assistant$20.00 - $21.00 hourlyJackson Hole Central ReservationsJACKSON HOLE CENTRAL RESERVATIONS Bookkeeper / Admin Assistant Bookkeeper/admin needed for busy local travel agency. PT/FT considered. Strong attention to detail a must, ability to handle multiple tasks with minimal supervision. Assist with all accounting tasks, including A/P, A/R, credit card processing, bank recs, monthly close. Assist with fulfillment of large volume orders. 1+ year bookkeeping experience preferred, any travel agency experience a plus. Computer literate – strong proficiency in Microsoft Excel and ability to learn new software quickly. Experience with Sage/Peachtree, Sabre and/or Rezometry a plus. Year-round position offers excellent benefit package. Compensation commensurate with experience. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $20.00 - $21.00 per hour Benefits: 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Flexible schedule Health insurance Paid time off Schedule: 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Weekends Ability to...Jan 25, 2021Part timeJACKSON HOLE CENTRAL RESERVATIONS Bookkeeper / Admin Assistant Bookkeeper/admin needed for busy local travel agency. PT/FT considered. Strong attention to detail a must, ability to handle multiple tasks with minimal supervision. Assist with all accounting tasks, including A/P, A/R, credit card processing, bank recs, monthly close. Assist with fulfillment of large volume orders. 1+ year bookkeeping experience preferred, any travel agency experience a plus. Computer literate – strong proficiency in Microsoft Excel and ability to learn new software quickly. Experience with Sage/Peachtree, Sabre and/or Rezometry a plus. Year-round position offers excellent benefit package. Compensation commensurate with experience. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $20.00 - $21.00 per hour Benefits: 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Flexible schedule Health insurance Paid time off Schedule: 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Weekends Ability to...Account ManagerProspect Studio Wilson, WY, USAAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Jan 22, 2021Full timeAt Prospect, we believe in the power of architecture to improve everyday life. We care about creating meaningful spaces that make people feel good and can help our communities grow. Prospect cares about the wellbeing of clients, our team, and our environment and we're guided by this big picture view. We are looking for an Account Manager who shares our attitudes about creating great work in a collaborative environment. Requirements: 5+ years of relevant book keeping experience Willingness to work with and learn our project management and contact relationship management software Ability to generate detailed invoicing, expense reports, and staff forecasting and allocation procedures Willingness to coordinate with and support office administrative procedures and staff Requisite Skills for Consideration: Excellent oral, and written communication skills Highly motivated, detail orientated, and able to work both self-directed and in interdisciplinary teams in a fast...Operations ManagerWorldCast Anglers Victor, ID, USAWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Jan 21, 2021Full timeWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Office ManagerOutpost JHDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsJan 21, 2021Full timeDescription This front of house position plays a key role in offering a streamlined working environment. As Office Manager, you would be responsible for answering phones, accepting and sorting multiple package deliveries, running errands, picking up mail, and communicating with our O2 Cleaning clientele on a daily basis. At Outpost, we pride ourselves in quick response times and the best customer service in the valley. All of our positions at Outpost require excellent communication skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. If you consider yourself highly organized and take pride in your work, this is the role for you. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Apple OS Easy going personality Self-starter mentality and decision-maker Strong organizational skillsOperation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Guest RelationsOutpost JHDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Jan 21, 2021Full timeDescription At Outpost, we like to think of ourselves as the most innovative property management company out there. We take enormous pride in offering the best customer service in the business, as well as reliable and professional communication with our guests. As a member of our guest relations team, you would be required to have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and a knack for attention to detail. As we offer 24 hour, 7 days a week guest assistance, this role requires working weekends and evenings. If you enjoy taking advantage of shorter lift lines during the week, then this could be the job for you! We are looking for a friendly and charming communicator to fill this role and someone who can multitask in a fast-paced environment. We are also looking for someone who can manage stress and who considers themselves a great team player. Qualifications Excellent communication and customer service skills Ability to multitask in a very fast-paced...Administrative AssistantCLB ArchitectsCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Jan 20, 2021Full timeCLB Architects is seeking a full-time Administrative Assistant . Responsibilities include a variety of administrative and technical tasks that support the management team and the entire office. Ideal candidate will have a college degree with excellent writing, editing, proofreading, and communication skills. Must be highly organized, have the ability to multi-task for multiple people, be flexible and versatile, and have strong attention to detail. This position requires proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid holidays/vacation and major medical/dental insurance. Please email your resume/cover letter to: [email protected] No phone calls please.Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Customer Service/Sales RepresentativeHertz - Overland West Inc Jackson Hole Airport - Hertz Car RentalHertz Rent a Car at the Jackson Hole Airport is hiring a Customer Service/Sales Representative. We are looking for someone with great customer service skills who will bring a positive, can-do attitude to the workplace. Base pay is $14/hour plus generous commissions. After commissions, one could reasonably expect to earn over $20 an hour . Insurance and vacation benefits apply. Currently we are primarily looking to fill PM and weekend shifts. Customer service/sales experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must have a clean driving record and be able to pass a background check. Please email, call, or apply in person at the Hertz counter inside the Jackson Hole Airport. Ask for Jeremy, Tamara or Angelina. Tel. 733-2272. Email: [email protected]Jan 18, 2021Full timeHertz Rent a Car at the Jackson Hole Airport is hiring a Customer Service/Sales Representative. We are looking for someone with great customer service skills who will bring a positive, can-do attitude to the workplace. Base pay is $14/hour plus generous commissions. After commissions, one could reasonably expect to earn over $20 an hour . Insurance and vacation benefits apply. Currently we are primarily looking to fill PM and weekend shifts. Customer service/sales experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must have a clean driving record and be able to pass a background check. Please email, call, or apply in person at the Hertz counter inside the Jackson Hole Airport. Ask for Jeremy, Tamara or Angelina. Tel. 733-2272. Email: [email protected]Administrative AssistantWecker AssociatesOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...Jan 18, 2021Full timeOur Company Wecker Associates is a world class consulting firm helping Fortune 500 companies with sophisticated data, statistical and mathematical analyses for corporate decision making, research and development, and expert testimony in litigations. We are looking for the right individual to join our team in Jackson, WY. General Purpose Perform a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Job Tasks and Responsibilities Assist with bookkeeping, financial entry, files and reports Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and clients General clerical duties including scanning, copying, fax and mailing Manage electronic and hard copy filing system Resolve administrative problems and inquiries Prepare written responses to various correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements...Summer InternsThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtEducation Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. A challenging internship for Summer 2021 for a graduate-level student interested in the field of museum education. The internship focuses on education and exhibits, including management of In-gallery interactives, educational programming, audience engagement, facilitating program assessments, as well as a self-selected project. Applicants with experience in informal teaching, public programming, film-making, and design are encouraged to apply. Spanish language proficiency a plus. Curatorial Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. The Curatorial...Jan 14, 2021InternEducation Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. A challenging internship for Summer 2021 for a graduate-level student interested in the field of museum education. The internship focuses on education and exhibits, including management of In-gallery interactives, educational programming, audience engagement, facilitating program assessments, as well as a self-selected project. Applicants with experience in informal teaching, public programming, film-making, and design are encouraged to apply. Spanish language proficiency a plus. Curatorial Internship APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1, 2021 (EMAILED BY DEADLINE) $7,200 stipend for a 12-week internship, plus up to an additional $3,600 housing allowance for the full 12 weeks if from out of town. The Curatorial...Caretaking InspectorThe Clear Creek Group Jackson, WY, USAProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Jan 13, 2021Full timeProperty management firm seeks a highly motivated individual to join our caretaking team. Become proficient in property management and caretaking, while working independently. Position requires scheduling flexibility, clean driving record, and applicant must be mechanically inclined. Year-round position offers competitive wages, four-day work week, paid vacation, health insurance, and 401k. General Duties / Responsibilities Weekly inspection of homes Pre-guest arrival inspection (physical property) Post stay damage inspections Weekly maintenance of hot tubs Performance of personal homeowner services (airport pick-up, package delivery, etc.) Maintain relationships with key service providers and third party caretakers Company vehicle maintenance Response to after hour emergency calls and on-call expectations Track and record time spent at each property Inventory maintenance at homes Identify when items are not working properly at homes. Coordination of...Major Gifts OfficerThe National Museum of Wildlife ArtObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...Jan 13, 2021Full timeObjective: The Major Gifts Officer is responsible for cultivating and procuring exhibition and event sponsorships, and other philanthropic support for special projects and initiatives. Organizational Relationship: This position reports to the Chief Advancement Officer Position Duties and Levels of Responsibilities: Design, develop and implement the Museum’s major gift program Manage and cultivate relationships with existing major gift prospects, as well as identify new prospects Secure major gifts at the $5,000 to $100,000 level Campaigns include year-end appeal, sponsorships, and restricted gifts Utilize moves management software to cultivate donors and prospects Manage portfolio of 150 donors and prospects Coordinate Old Bill’s Fun Run outreach and campaign. Serve as Museum liaison to CFJH. Make direct, face-to-face solicitations, and assist the board and staff with their solicitations Acknowledge major donors through public and private...BaristaCaldera HouseSouthcable Cafe is Caldera House’s most relaxed and casual food venue. Open for breakfast and lunch, Southcable is the perfect spot to fuel up before or during an active day in town. Its location right next to the Jackson Hole Aerial Tram makes it undeniably convenient for days spent on the slopes. We are looking for passionate individuals with Barista experience to join our team! Essential Job Functions Greeting customers in a friendly manner and taking food and drink orders Preparing and serving beverages, ranging from simple to elaborate ones Preparing and serving food items such as soups, pizza and pastries Answering customers' questions about menu choices Promoting and recommending menu options to customers Taking payment from customers Keeping the work environment sanitary and organized Evaluating and modifying processes to improve efficiency and quality of service Required Skills & Abilities Operate coffee making equipment Ability to...Jan 08, 2021Part timeSouthcable Cafe is Caldera House’s most relaxed and casual food venue. Open for breakfast and lunch, Southcable is the perfect spot to fuel up before or during an active day in town. Its location right next to the Jackson Hole Aerial Tram makes it undeniably convenient for days spent on the slopes. We are looking for passionate individuals with Barista experience to join our team! Essential Job Functions Greeting customers in a friendly manner and taking food and drink orders Preparing and serving beverages, ranging from simple to elaborate ones Preparing and serving food items such as soups, pizza and pastries Answering customers' questions about menu choices Promoting and recommending menu options to customers Taking payment from customers Keeping the work environment sanitary and organized Evaluating and modifying processes to improve efficiency and quality of service Required Skills & Abilities Operate coffee making equipment Ability to...Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate$40,000 - $50,000 yearlyVertical HarvestJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Jan 05, 2021Full timeJoin the crew at Vertical Harvest and contribute to growing food and futures. We are looking for a driven and passionate Vertical Harvest Sales and Bookkeeping Associate who can support our sales department and carry out bookkeeping responsibilities. Located in downtown Jackson Hole, our 3 story greenhouse produces incredibly fresh local food 365 days a year and provides meaningful employment to underserved populations. Our ideal candidate would execute sales administration and accounting operations with vigor and efficiency. This position will be integral in meeting revenue goals and tracking the financials of the company. Experience with QuickBooks is strongly preferred. Salary $40,000-50,000/year.Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
