"Expired Grand Canyon Education JobsMenuAll JobsCareers HomeOur TeamStaff JobsAdmissions/Counseling JobsStudent Worker JobsThis job is no longer available. Here are some related jobs.Join our Talent CommunityInterested in working at GCE but can't find a position that's right for you? Submit your resume to our Talent Community to be considered for future opportunities that may align with your expertise. Please note, by joining our Talent Community, you are not applying for a position with GCE. Rather, this is an additional way for our Talent Acquisition team to find candidates with specific credentials, if an opportunity arises. You are still encouraged to regularly check back on our career site or sign up for Job Alerts to apply for openings that are a match for your background.Join NowAddress2600 W. Camelback Road, Phoenix, AZ 85017Phone(602) 247-4400Toll Free: (833) GCE-4400Careers HomeOur PeopleStaff JobsAdmissions/Counseling JobsStudent Worker JobsAll JobsGrand Canyon Education is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. We value diversity among our faculty and staff. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, genetic information, disability, or any other classification protected by law. Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Law, including the Right to Work. Click here to view local and state labor law notices and posters. If you have a disability and would like accommodations to facilitate the application and interview process, please contact Human Resources at hr@gce.com.Privacy Policy.People Story Pop UpsHansel, Account Executive/University Development CounselorJoined GCE in 2018What can you tell us about the culture at GCE?As a veteran member, I can tell you that our team members feel that we are working toward a common goal to benefit each other and our students. We feel a sense of responsibility to each other and motivated to do our jobs for our colleagues because their success is your success. Individual success translates to team success. GCE aspires for individuals to flourish on their own but also to partake in the vision and mission of the team. This has been the most rewarding part for me.What does it take to be successful at GCE?The ideal candidate would have to be highly motivated, open to learning and applying new skills. Our role is made up of a unique combination of skill sets: student counseling, account management, territory development, database management, and data analysis. A team mindset is important, as no one excels immediately at all five skills. No matter our title, we are all lifelong students, learning from each other, yet all are leaders.What makes a GCE career unique?Online education is a huge market. One of the biggest differentiators is our commitment to social responsibility. It’s an intentional goal to care for our students and families as if they are our own. We meet with our students, get to know their families. We walk students through their educational journey in a way that is very personal, helping them succeed until graduation.What most excites you about the future at GCE?One of the things that is apparent to me is how well GCE responds to the ever-changing environment. There’s a strong sense of community, a focus on cultivating partnerships, developing a brand of hospitality, servant leadership, and personalized care for every student and every relationship. There is efficiency in adapting. Innovation is the standard. Team member input is valued.What else would you like to share about working at GCE?Personally, working for GCE has been the most fulfilling vocation I have ever had, and I look forward to continuing to grow in my leadership at GCE in my tenure here.Rheana, Talent Acquisition AssociateJoined GCE in 2018“GCE is a fast-growing company and offers many different positions with opportunities to seek many different career paths within the company. There is something for everyone!”How would you describe the culture at GCE?The culture at GCE is very welcoming, inclusive, and creates a safe-space for employees to learn and grow in a wide variety of departments and positions. GCE is a place that promotes new ideas, inclusion, and opportunities for personal and professional development.Who succeeds at GCE?People who want to make a difference and give back to their community and are looking for a company they can grow with long-term. You’ll also need to enjoy working collaboratively, with many different people. We have a very well-connected work environment with a lot of opportunities to network with individuals in other departments.What is unique about working at GCE?GCE is unique in that it offers employees faith-based support, including a monthly chapel, and the ability to integrate faith in the workplace.What most excites you about the future at GCE?I am excited to see how GCE continues to support its employees and give back to the community through service projects, volunteer events, the continued development of employees, and all the other things that shape the overall culture of GCE.Britney, Student Services CounselorJoined GCE in 2015“I love being part of a student’s journey - this is such a momentous occasion in their lives. Some are first generation students, like me, and I take great pride in coaching and encouraging them to success.”What can you tell us about the culture at GCE?GCE is a God first, family second, and work third culture. As a single mom, I am grateful to have a lot of flexibility in my work. It’s a welcoming and understanding culture, open and warm. I feel that our opinions matter and that we are asked for our input. It’s a genuinely caring place, not just for our team members, but for our students as well.What does it take to be successful at GCE?You need to believe in the mission of GCE and be passionate about student success. In order for us to continue to be leaders in our field, we are constantly evolving, so you’ll need to be okay with change. And given that we are a people-first organization, you’ll need to really care about the students, your team members and the larger community.What makes a GCE career unique?The way GCE cares for us! I haven’t worked anywhere before that genuinely cares for employees the way GCE does. And it extends beyond the employees into our communities.What most excites you about the future at GCE?Growth is what excites me most. Not only is the company growing, our professional growth is a key focus as well. GCE is about promoting from within - there’s so much opportunity here!Ryan, BuyerJoined GCE in 2014“GCE provides an environment in which employees can grow and succeed. We have opportunities to develop leadership skills, while helping others be successful as well.”How would you describe the culture at GCE?GCE provides an environment in which employees can grow and succeed. We have opportunities to develop leadership skills, while helping others be successful as well.What are you most proud of in the organization?My Department. I have the best management I have ever worked with in my life. My co-workers have become family and we compliment each other in our work style. This is the company that I worked at that promotes and allows the freedom of ideas that I have expressed here. Every employee is made to feel valuable and given the opportunity to succeed with the incredible support of our management.What are some of GCE’s biggest strengths?As a company we have incredibly innovative ways at approaching problems. This requires creative solutions and our company supports people with those solutions.What most excites you about the future at GCE?The company is ever expanding, and with the growth, new positions are created. As a result, the opportunity to advance is always available. There is constant growth and new challenges. It is easy to establish yourself and succeed here if you work hard.Galen, Account Executive/University Development CounselorJoined GCE in 2008“We have a great reputation in higher education. Phenomenal benefits, competitive pay structure, and an extensive history of success with our partner, GCU.”What can you tell us about the culture at GCE?GCE has a tight knit culture. A family feel, which can be difficult to imagine given how many of my colleagues there are working remotely across the nation!What does it take to be successful at GCE?Someone in this role would need to have worked independently before, someone who is genuine about helping students. Have a passion and drive to be of service. Time management in the outside role is very important, to match that independent work experience. A background in enrollment, financial aid, health care etc. would be a plus.What makes a GCE career unique?We are not recruiters. We are counselors/advisors in the field. We don’t collect a name and send it off to someone. We meet with our students and walk them through the enrollment process personally. The person you meet at an event is the same person helping you to start class! It’s so rewarding to help a student start such a momentous journey.What most excites you about the future at GCE?The manner in which we have managed our growth. This is the fastest I’ve seen an organization expand in such a short time, and we have done it in a manner that I feel allows us to be successful for the long haul. There is a sense that we want to do things the right way. We take care of our people, our university, and our community. It is why I can see a future for myself here; maybe even retire.What else would you like to share about working at GCE?Accountability is key to being successful in this role. As a remote advisor you’re not going to have a manager behind you every day, so you need to be conscientious about that. You have immense freedom to plan your day, your week, and your month; but with that freedom comes the responsibility to manage your time wisely. The work-life balance this role provides can be tremendous, provided you know how to respect that autonomy. I’m grateful for this opportunity.Jackie, Curriculum Instructional DesignerJoined GCE in 2014“GCE’s greatest strengths are the support given to all employees to help us maintain a proper work-life balance, the support of management at all levels, and the competitive benefits and perks provided to the employees.”How would you describe the culture at GCE?The culture at GCE is collaborative in nature with all departments working toward a common goal to provide exceptional service to the learners and partners we serve. For Curriculum Design and Development, this culture extends into providing exceptional curriculum for the partners we serve.Who succeeds at GCE?Those who succeed at GCE are people who can work with others in a collaborative environment and are able to accept and adapt well to changes. In the Curriculum Design and Development department, the staff consistently collaborate with others to ensure the curriculum is relevant and engaging. As the famous saying from Heraclitus goes, “The only constant in life is change.”What do you want candidates/future employees to bring to GCE?Candidates and future employees should bring to GCE a desire and passion to help shape the future of education at the primary, secondary, and higher education levels. Also, they should bring with them a sense of readiness to learn new things in education and ask lots of questions. Until we ask, we won’t be able to gain new knowledge.What are you most proud of in the organization?I am most proud of the strong connection and relationship GCE has to GCU and how that has been maintained.What most excites you about the future at GCE?The area that excites me most about the future at GCE is the growing list of partners we are adding and working with on a regular basis. It is refreshing to see that GCE is expanding the types of partners but doing so in an intentional manner.Maria, Student Services CounselorJoined GCE in 2013“GCE is a great place to work and it’s a place where we are helping drive change one student at a time. Our work is recognized and valued.”What can you tell us about the culture at GCE?GCE offers a welcoming environment where everyone is happy to help each other. We want to make a difference in our students’ lives, and it shows by the contribution management and we, the employees make every day. The company aims to be transparent with its employees and students by providing vital resources that help find answers to questions we might have. GCE also has an open-door policy which enables employees to talk to any member of management with ease and a welcoming attitude.What does it take to be successful at GCE?We all have unique talents that we bring to GCE. To be successful at GCE we need to have a strong work ethic and place our students’ educational goals as the top priority. Actively listening to our students, peers and management. Being self-driven to achieve our daily, weekly and monthly goals. Being a team player because providing great customer service involves different individuals in different departments as opposed to just one person.What is something unique about your role?Aside from helping students achieve their dreams, I love how I get to work with so many different departments. There’s lots of collaboration. My role as a Student Services Counselor requires me to work within a graduation team with several University Counselors, Field Experience Counselors, and instructors. We also partner with Student Intake Specialists, Office of Academic Records, Office of Financial Aid, Office of Academic Compliance, Accounting and other departments. Each of us play an integral role in helping students on their path to graduation. So being a contributing member of a team is vital.What most excites you about the future at GCE?GCE’s strive to not stay stagnant, to continually improve the systems, processes, educational programs being offered is very exciting! GCE is innovative and is always thinking outside of the box. GCE has grown so much but in a strategic way.Pratiba, Manager HR Information Systems & TechnologyJoined GCE in 2014“GCE offers a culture that is consistent with both your personal & professional life. This is a place where you are free to be yourself, you have the opportunity to work hard & enjoy it while getting all the support of peers and leaders.”How would you describe the culture at GCE?Collaboration & camaraderie. It’s a culture that has less of “I” mentality and more of a “We” mindset. It’s a place where integrity, culture and collaboration matters.What are some of GCE’s greatest strengths?GCE offers a culture that is consistent with both your personal & professional life with a Christian ideology. This is a place where you are free to be yourself, you have the opportunity to work hard & enjoy it while getting all the support of peers and leaders. We also have proven our expertise in supporting both ground and online education with equal rigor.What most excites you about the future at GCE?What’s exciting is the potential to grow both in terms of student base and curriculum, especially in STEM.Bridget, University CounselorJoined GCE in 2017“At GCE, we have the opportunity to impact people every day by being a support resource to our partners and students.”What can you tell us about the culture at GCE?GCE is supportive, positive, fast-paced and full of passion. It’s a culture that encourages ongoing learning and being open to change.What does it take to be successful at GCE?You need to be naturally driven to succeed at high levels, adapt well to change and always look out for the best interest of the students.What is something unique about your role?UDC’s have the ability to support organizations in the community they serve, help build partnerships and relationships to benefit students and organizations, and directly impact the community in which you work.What most excites you about the future at GCE?It’s exciting to have the opportunity to continue to grow within your role and help to continue to mold the future of online education. It’s also rewarding to have the ability to impact people every day by being a support resource to our partners and students.Alexandra, University Admissions CounselorAs an alumni and employee, Alexandra wanted to provide the same quality, prompt service that she received while she was enrolling at GCU. She sees each student she works with as an opportunity to develop a positive relationship, rooted in mutual trust and understanding. She wants every student that she works with to understand that she has their best interest in mind and will do anything in her power to help them. One thing that she believes makes her successful in this role is her ability to adapt to her territory and challenging herself to be innovative so she doesn’t get ‘stuck’ or too comfortable doing the same thing over and over.Alexandra encourages others to be ‘territory-minded’ in order to maximize the ‘hustle’ required to excel in this organization. She believes that this type of mindset starts with the ability to take ownership, trying new things, and by always looking for more ways to be the best. She also believes it is important to develop strong relationship management, so that you can challenge each other, develop strategies and new ideas that will allow you to grow.Career Sites by Recruiting.com"
