"How to find CPT jobs for International students - Skoolville BlogHOMESEARCH AND SELECT COLLEGESBLOGREGISTERHOMESEARCH AND SELECT COLLEGESBLOGREGISTERHow to find CPT jobs for International students23 Dec How to find CPT jobs for International studentsPosted at 21:11h in Uncategorized by Udaya LekshmiStudents registered for CPT (Curriculum Practical Training) can work full time during their summer or winter vacation or can work part-time along with their studies during the spring or fall semesters. The employment can be paid or unpaid, but as a student, you can only work off-campus jobs with Curriculum Practical Training (CPT) authorization. Any CPT job experience will make your resume stand out once you complete your degree and start applying for jobs. So, try to make sure that you work in a well-reputed company during your CPT. Many good companies are offer CPT jobs through internships. Some internships offered by big companies are unpaid, but many students go for it to earn the relevant experience related to their major.Choose your CPT job and mode of working very wisely. Students who utilize full-time CPT for more than 12 months cannot enroll for an OPT (Optional Practical Training) later. An OPT can be really helpful for you to find a full-time job in the USA after your graduation. So, even though CPT is a better option to earn work experience, working part-time is advised to play the safe side.International students can start working by enrolling in CPT either full-time or part-time depending on the duration of their degree. A CPT is generally allowed only after you complete one full year of academic study. You will continue to be in the F1 status while you are working in the CPT job. After the completion of the CPT job, if you have completed your degree and if the employer wishes to sponsor for your H1B visa and offer a full-time job, you can directly change your F1 status to H1B status and start your career. Otherwise, you can go for OPT employment (only if you have not done a full-time CPT) after your graduation, which can earn you more time to land a full-time career. Some working professionals also enroll in courses offering Day 1 CPT, so that they can continue working along with the completion of the degree.There are many companies offering full-time as well as part-time CPT jobs. Some of the top companies offering CPT jobs for international students are Google, Facebook, Amazon, Intel, Tesla, Deloitte, IBM, Apple, NVIDIA Corporation, World Bank, etc. According to the USCIS report, Google and Amazon are the most preferred companies by International students. Also, the number of students employed through CPT jobs in Google and Amazon is much higher than any other company in the USA. Amazon stands first in the ‘2019 Top 200 Employers for CPT Students’ with the recruitment of more than 2000 students. The number of CPT jobs in the IT sector has tremendously increased in the last few years due to the huge demand for STEM degrees among international students. Other non-IT companies in sectors like banking, management, health care, etc, are also offering CPT jobs for International students and are providing good employment opportunities.You can also work for a consultancy during your CPT employment period. It is a better and hassle-free option since you only need to register yourself with the consultancy and the job will be allocated based on your field of study and expertise to fill the available CPT vacancies. Necessary training will also be provided by the staffing consultancy before placing you in the workplace. The CPT jobs offered by consultancies will be mostly contract-based, which you can change to full-time employment later if your employer is willing to accept you as their full-time employee.skoolville.com is a one-stop application portal. You don’t need to apply through the university websites. With just a few clicks you can send your application to multiple universities in USA, Canada, and Australia using skoolville.com. Our service is 100% free for students.**We can not guarantee the accuracy or validity of the information posted in this blog. The information mentioned in this blog is purely for information purposes and should not be construed as legal advice what so ever. skoolville.com is only an educational consultant/recruitment agency/platform connecting students with the universities and is not responsible for any immigration related matters. Please read our terms for full disclosures.Tags:TRANSFER, USARegister with usPreferred Study Destination * USACanadaAustraliaName *Email *Phone Number *Password *CommentsTerms and Conditions *By clicking Register, you agree to our Terms and you have read our Data Policy, including our Cookie Use .PhoneRegister!Thank you for signing up at Skoolville,Our executive will contact you shortly.CloseCLOSEEmail already registered,Our executive will contact you shortly.Close×"
